Anyone With Any Skill Level Can Make $100k Selling Courses
Date: 2022-10-30T01:47:12.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: -cZHaSKp-65cSi2AQek6pr6yqNo
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is something that everybody can do no matter what skill set they have getting started, you don't need to invest a whole lot into equipment, you don't need to have a bunch of technical expertise. You don't even need to be an expert on a topic to be able to do this. And most people think that they need all this stuff to get started, I want to break the lid off of that for you and show you and tell you that you don't need any of that, that you don't need to do all the things that everybody tells you that you need to do to be able to create a coaching business, honestly, a lot of that stuff is a waste of time. And it keeps people from creating the kind of wealth that they want to create, creating the kind of life they want to create. And in this economy right now, you need to learn how to increase your income, you need to learn how to increase the amount of money that's coming in, that you can invest that you can have to take care of your family. Coaching and courses is one of the best ways to do that. And so my question for you is why don't you have a course out yet? Why don't you have a coaching program out? How long have you been sitting on your idea? How long have you been sitting on what you could do Sunday, and you've never done anything, that's what I can help you with. I'm hosting an event next week for five days where I walk you through the entire process of creating and launching your coaching business to six figures. And what this means is you're able to create, we do a hybrid of coaching and courses where you have a course that you also coach people on and you answer questions. And it allows you to create an asset that you can sell something that people want to buy something that brings value to people that you won't have a bunch of refunds on. And you don't need to be an expert to be able to do this, you can literally pre sell the course, pre sell the coaching program. Before it's done. Before you have any clients before you have a track record and test things out and start to grow in your ability to sell and then scale things up to even millions of dollars. I've been in this industry for 19 years, and I've worked with some of the top multimillion dollar course creators and coaches and they've done the same thing that I'm going to show you how to do if they were starting today. This is what they would tell you to do. This is how you start. This is how you get started to create a six and seven figure income for yourself with coaching and courses. What excuses and what reasons can you come up with for why you can't do this, they're not good enough. They're not good enough. Because anybody can learn this. No matter how much skill they have, no matter how much money they have in their bank account. Anybody can do this. But you have to come face to face with not allowing your fear to run you. You're going to have to grow in courage, you're going to have to become more courageous to do scary things, you're going to be judged by people. If you're looking for something that's safe and secure, that will take care of you and coddle you and hold you like a warm little baby and, and oh take care of your troubles and your weakness. Like that's not that's not building a business. Building a business is hard building a business takes work. Okay. But most people refuse to do the work. They would rather just be taken care of, they would rather just somebody else work and I just sit around and do nothing and I get taken care of. Or they're working really hard in a job. And they're saying, Man, I should be paid more. And wow, there's no possible way that working less would pay me more money. Or maybe I've seen stuff like this before and it's a scam doesn't work. I tried it before. It doesn't work. Whatever reasons that you convince yourself up in your brain about will be the reality that you live in your life. If you're somebody that says you know what, you're right, I could make real money selling courses and coaching and I don't need to be an expert to do this. And I'd love to learn how to get started doing this. I can show you how to do that I can walk you through the process. I've put together strategically step by step. Everything that you need to be able to build a six figure income for yourself, but the choice is yours to actually do anything with it to actually take action. Okay. It's up to you.

[76:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Most of you won't do anything. That's just how it is. This is how it goes. Most people won't do anything. Most people will see a video like this and just ignore it and go on with their day and say you know what, maybe next year, maybe next next month. maybe six months from now I'm figuring things out whatever these excuses that we come up with, they're just not good enough. They're really not because at the end of the day, at the end of the day, it's up to you to decide what you're going to do. And to decide am I going to let my insecurity my doubt my feelings, my worries, stop me or am I going to start to put some of the pieces together am I going to start to learn what it takes am I going to start to learn how to get started with this, it doesn't take a lot of time. It doesn't take a lot of investment to get started at all. Anybody can do this, anybody can start with any skill level, with any skill set to build an online course or coaching business. Jump in next week with me, for five days, let's go over what it takes. Let's talk about building offers that attract people that actually give you their money so that you can create a six figure income, if you're not selling, you're not making money. If you're not getting people to buy from you, you're not making money. I'm not going to show you anything that's going to be a waste of your time, all these activities and things that you got to spend time doing, that's not going to produce money in your bank account. When you start promoting your courses, promoting your coaching, and you start talking about it, and you and you grow past, the fear of not being good enough, and the fear of people not listening to you. And the fear of Well, I just, I hope I don't waste my time building this and nothing works out for me, it when you grow past, even thinking in that way, and just saying, you know, I'm gonna have fun with this. And I'm gonna put my course out there, and I'm gonna start doing this. And you're no longer trying to, to be worried you're no longer operating out of that anxious energy of worry and fear that things aren't going to work out and you start to operate not as a victim out of fear and worry, but saying, I know that I know that I know that I'm headed in the right direction, whether you know it or not, you take a risk and you learn what you don't know you learn a new skill set. And you step out and you do something that you've never done before. That's when you can finally start to experience what you haven't done before what you haven't experienced yet. Too many people think that it's difficult to do this, that it's gonna take them too much time for what it's worth. It's very simple for you to get started. But most people never stick with it. Most people never learn to be disciplined. Most people give up at the first sign of things, not going 100% for them. There's no guarantees in life, there's no guarantees that you're gonna wake up tomorrow. And yet people expect that out of a business. And so when you learn to actually put yourself out there and you no longer allow fear to run your life. And you start a course business or a coaching business, and you're and you're willing to see what does it take and you start to put a funnel together and you start to attract more leads and you get people on your email list that then you can make offers to and sell to them. And then you show up on camera and talk with those people and sell them on your program. Why won't you do that? Why is that? What is so hard about that? Like answer that? Why is that so impossible? In your mind? Why do you think that only special people can do that and not you know, only these qualified people can do that and not you or that it would be wrong if you did it. You have to attack the limiting beliefs, the beliefs inside of you that are telling you that you can't build a successful business that you are that you don't have permission yet that you're not good enough yet that you're not ready yet. And kick fear in the face and start building. start connecting with people that you can help.

[154:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: See what it is, is a lot of people are terrified to connect with other human beings. They're terrified to even make that connection to where they're going to talk with another human being and offer something for sale to them. And the big thing that we got to heal is rejection, the fear of rejection the fear of people not liking us the fear of abandoning us The fear of them, leaving us behind the fear of us spending all of this time with sunken costs. And now those people walk out of our life, they didn't do what we wanted them to. And it repeats a pattern in our life of how we were raised and the trauma that we experience. And then when we go into business, we refuse to ever build our business, because we don't want to be rejected by people. And it keeps people stuck, even though they know what to do, they will choose to never do it. Out of the fear of being rejected by people out of the fear of things not going their way. Because that need is so strong inside of them. This is why healing the pain from your past, has a direct ROI on your business, believing that you are worth something, even if nobody else in your life has told you that you're worth something. Even if every single person you've ever met has told you that you're worthless. Even if you don't believe in yourself, being intentional to say I'm no longer going to use the crutch and the excuse that I don't believe in myself. And I'm going to be intentional to grow in my self esteem, in my self belief, and I'm going to put myself out there, even if I'm sweating bullets, even if it's scary. And you come face to face with your fears, and you come face to face with what you're worried about. And you have a decision to make. Are you going to cave and submit to fierce authority and say, You know what, you're right, I give up. It's too hard. I throw in the towel, I'm done. I can't do this? Or are you going to take action? Are you going to say you know what, I'm not going to give up? It's gonna be hard. It's gonna be difficult, it feels terrifying. And yet, I'm still going to put myself out there. And now if you're saying, well, Jeremiah, here's the thing. I hear all that I just don't have a strategy. Perfect. Five days next week, I'm going to give you the strategy, I'm going to give you the step by steps and then you might be doubtful Well, yeah, well, are you really going to give it? Or is it just one of those bait and switch things? Well, the fact that you're not willing to even check it out, shows where your brain is. And it shows the fact that you that you let your skepticism and your criticism stop you from seeing opportunities because you doubt all of them that come in front of you. Or you could check it out. You could take a risk you could learn to trust Well, nobody's been trustworthy in my whole life. Why should I trust you everybody in my life has been untrustworthy. And you're no different Jeremiah, maybe that's what you believe about, maybe maybe you have projected what you believe about other people, about leaders, about marketers about people that sell coaching and training, and you believe that I am not somebody who is actually has your best interest in art. Awesome. I can't help a person like that. I literally can't. If you are committed to not believing that I'm talking about real stuff. If you're committed to doubting what I'm talking about, if you're committed to being skeptical, great, but go do that somewhere else. Okay, for everybody else, if you're willing to take a chance, if you're willing to try it out, if you're willing to check out and see for five days what you learn and see, what does it take to create and launch a six figure coaching business, and you're teachable, and you're willing to try something out different than what you've ever tried before, and you're willing to just see what happens. You're willing to experiment, and you're willing to take a risk, to just see what happens. It takes the ability to experiment and to take risks, just to see what happens to make money in this business. If it's impossible for you to try things out and just have fun with them. You might need to talk with a therapist about that about why you are so terrified to have fun and try things out and why you're so anxious and terrified and scared of them not going how you want. Why you're so nervous to do anything. And anytime some opportunity comes your way you come up with a reason for why it won't work for you.

[232:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do I know all this? How can I assume that about anybody? Because those are the excuses that I've heard from 1000s of people over the years, for 19 years helping to build coaching businesses, creating multimillion dollar coaching businesses. These are the reasons why everybody makes up in their brain that they can't make money in a business. And they're the same again and again and again and again over and over and over and over and over again. People doubting self doubt, people needing some scapegoat to blame their lack of action on needing to blame bad coaches for why they can't succeed, needing somebody to play the victim to. And as soon as they make a decision to no longer play the victim, to to try something out for a change, to see what happens to learn something new to stop making excuses, to stop letting their fear run them to stop allowing their fear to be God in their life. And they step out and they try something out for a change that they feel called to do. Even if it's risky, even if it's scary, even if it terrifies them of what might happen. They no longer allow the fear of negative consequences to put them in a prison of inaction. Those people are the ones who start to see results. But that's not most people. That is not most people in today's society. Most people are, sit down, shut up, following order, obey what everybody says, Don't ever rock the boat, be silent, come together in unity. And don't be divisive. Don't say anything that makes anyone feel uncomfortable. Or you're gonna feel uncomfortable when it comes to you building a business. What's more uncomfortable is the fact that inflation is real, economic downturn is happening right now. You can either choose to be a victim of it, or you can choose to rise above and do something different for your family, and your future. And if you're still watching this video right now, maybe you feel called to step out to do something in the coaching business. Maybe you're just watching me because you're, for whatever reason, I don't know. I don't know why you're still watching this video. But if you haven't registered yet, for next week, the five day intensive, where I'm going to walk you through step by step, everything that you need to figure out how to create and launch your own six figure coaching business. I don't know what else to tell you. You have a choice to make either you can keep making excuses, making up reasons making up why you can't why you're not good enough why you're not ready yet why you don't have enough time why you don't have enough money, doesn't take much time, too much money. So that's not a good enough excuse. Ultimately, we're just afraid of pissing people off. We're afraid of upsetting people. We're afraid of telling people No, I can't do that to make time for our business. And then we justify, I can't do that because other people control my life. Do you allow other people to control your life? Do other people run your life? If so, it might be time to change that. It might be time to no longer allow everybody else in your life to be the person that actually dictates what you have permission to do. And you start doing something for you. Well, isn't that selfish? Why are you so terrified of being selfish? Why are you so afraid of doing something for yourself? Why have you convinced yourself that it's a bad thing to take care of yourself? Why have you convinced yourself that everybody else is more important than you? This is what goes on in the head of people that set out to try to build a coaching business that set out to try to start a coaching business. All these excuses all these reasons for why they can't. And the ones who learned to silence those reasons, which by the way, happens in a second. It's a choice to silence all those reasons. It's a choice to either submit to them, and allow them to be God in your life and allow them to be the one that you're obedient to all those reasons. You're obeying all those reasons. Or you're the one that takes in a second for you to choose to do something different for you to choose to do something that will change your family's future. Choices yours. What are you going to do? I'd love to help you. I

[309:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to create over 1000 millionaire coaches 1000 people to become millionaires in their own business, but it's a choice that they have to make. What are you going to choose today? We'll talk soon everybody. For those you that I see next week. I can't wait to work with you. For the five days together. We're gonna go over everything that you need to build a six figure coaching

