DAY 1_ Sell More Paid Programs in 2022
Date: 2022-02-24T00:09:35.000Z
Duration: 116 min
Otter ID: o9tcN5UrD0yA7kXFO2TdcOvcC8M
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: And listen, we're gonna get started here. In right about five minutes, we're gonna run this stopwatch here on the site, online desktop watch.com. And it doesn't count down for us. So let us know where you're watching from share where you're watching from share what you're doing, what your business is, are you a coach? Are you a course creator? Are you both? Are you just getting into it? What do you sell? What do you coach? What do you help people with? What transformation do you bring for people, and we're gonna talk all about that I'm actually I decided to go live on all of my platforms, I'm not gonna promise I'm gonna be able to do that on every one of these. So even if you see me doing something in the future, please register for it. Because I'm not always going to go live on all platforms. But this one is live on every platform that I'm on. Because I want to reach as many people I want to get this out there, the recordings are going to be taken down. If you're watching this on a replay, the replays are going to be taken down on February 9, okay? So be sure to make sure that you watch those that you go through and watch the recordings. If you're if you're waiting to watch those. We're gonna get started here in about three minutes. If you're waiting to watch the recordings, by February 9, you got to make sure that you catch those before then I want to make sure that I actually put the right date on there. Yep, February 9. That's right. What's up everybody, let us know where you're watching from post in the comments, where you're coming in live from those of you that are with us live, I am so excited to be here with you today. And we are going to get started right about three and a half minutes. Okay. So let us know where you're watching from where you're logging in from. If you're a coach, if you're a course creator, if you're just getting started, what your business is, and share that with us in the comments in the chat below as well. At the end of this, we're going to take some q&a, if you're watching the recording, leave your questions in the comments as well, because I'm going to actually comment back answers to people and maybe even answer them in the next day. So if you're not watching this live, you can still ask your questions, and hopefully get them answered. If they're still not answered, by the end of the three days, send me a direct message or something. I'm going to try to literally reach an answer every single question that people have. My goal is this out of this, I want to help you start to sell more of your own paid programs here this year. In your business, if you're coaching, if you're selling courses, if you're selling anything online, I want to help you be able to scale to reach an impact the kind of people that you want to you know, coaching is great course creation is great. But if you don't have any students, if you don't have any enrollments, if you don't have anybody buying from you, it's kind of like you're you're fighting an uphill battle. And it's a hard journey to do. So. We're not going to get started on that just yet. We're getting started started in two minutes. You can see the countdown timer right here. Let us know where you're watching from comment below. What do you do? Are you a course creator? Are you a coach? Are you a we got let's see. Huntsville, Alabama. We got Lockport, Illinois, we got Houston, Texas. Fresh Vision TV. All right, this is awesome. We got a whole bunch of people jumping in here live. I'm excited. Are you excited for today? Are you pumped to start to learn how to get people paying for your programs really not just in your program, because you could do free coaching. You could do free courses all day. This is a FREE program right here. But what about getting people that are actually going to buy from you so that you have a business so that you can scale your business and scale your impact. And even if you don't want to make money you can make you can pour any profit that comes in back into it to increase your impact. We work with a lot of ministries and nonprofits that do that. They're not making a profit. So they pour any sort of excess back into promotion to increase their impact. Okay. And so we're going to talk about that. So let me know where are you watching from? Where you started here, right in about 50 seconds. 45 seconds 4241. Let me know what your business is, what your coaching What's your teaching what you do, how you help people, how you're serving people, how you're serving your fellow man, and we're going to talk about that as well. And I'm gonna, I'm actually going to use that to kind of kick this off here. About what what, what what really, this is all about. Okay. 19 seconds. We're about to get started here. People say I'm very excited to learn about setting up my own course it's perfect. You're in the right spot. You are definitely in the right spot here. We got comments coming in on all different platforms. back and forth from everybody. All right. All right, timers done. Boom. So we're gonna go live here and we're gonna jump right in and get started. My friends. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. Welcome to sell more paid programs in 2022. Day one starts here, as you can see right here and no, you don't need to jump into the metaverse with me, this is my Oculus headset sitting here. It's next to me at my desk because sometimes I do VR work. And so if you're wondering why that's here, that's why that is it's not part of this program. But I thought it was kind of cool just to set up over here. If you

[89:18] Speaker 0: are a course creator or a coach, how do you serve your fellow man? I heard a Rabbi say this a couple years ago, as he said, when you ask people, What do you do? That some of you might know his name? Rabbi Daniel Lapin, right? What do you do? The answer to that is how do you serve your fellow man? No matter what you're selling, no matter what product you sell, no matter what service you do, your coaching your courses? Are some of you are not even in the courts at core coaching business, I even see some of you in here. You're serving another person. Okay. So how can you serve as many people as possible and get paid for it. And that's what this is about. Paid programs, not free coaching, not giving away your stuff for free, not being broke and struggling? And and, and, and not having enough money to pay for things and, and wishing and hoping and wondering, how can I get this thing to take off for me? Who's been there? How many of you have seen people be successful? As a coach as a course creator? And you're wondering, okay, what am I doing wrong? What is not working? What is not going right for me? Why am I struggling? To get people to sign up? For my programs to buy my courses? You might be asking yourself, What, where's the disconnect here? Where's the disconnect from, from what I want to do to impact people to coach them to making a full time income at it? And then how do people make seven figures out, you know, you've heard some of my story, what we've done, we've helped multiple businesses, a lot of you know who my mom is, we help scale her company 10s of millions of dollars $20 million. Before that, I was working for another training and coaching business called Danny Johnson calm, I was making videos and doing a lot of marketing for them, to help them reach their customers. I've been in this industry for 18 years, I started as a as a video editor as a video guy, and it was doing video services on the side. But I realized to make the kind of money that I want to make, I'm going to have to learn about sales and marketing, that just doing services for people isn't enough. I need to learn to sell. And I need to learn how to make products and how to get people to buy. And so I've committed in the last 18 years to that. And now we're helping business owners every single week, we just helped launch a campaign, half a million dollar budget. It's gonna bring in a million dollars in sales right now, this week online. But you don't need to have a big budget to do that. You might say, well, I don't have a big following like your mom, I don't have a big budget. I don't have hours in the day to commit to building my business. Here's the good news. You don't need a massive budget to be successful at selling your paid programs. You don't need a massive following to be successful at selling your paid programs. You don't need to spend hours and hours and hours in your day to be successful selling paid programs. These are these are I again, I understand that some of you may be what I'm saying is it resonating with your experience, and you have put in 1000s of hours and you're still not getting sales. Maybe you have tried to create tons of content and it's not gain traction. Maybe you've tried to grow a following and and and it's been impossible for you. Maybe you've invested tons of money and it still hasn't paid off. I get that and I understand your pain. Because that's what I hear all the time from business owners is I invested in all these programs, all these coaches, all these teachers, all these people that made promises to me to be successful in my business. And in reality, it was just trading dollars for hours and I wasn't even making anything. How many people have experienced that. I'm sorry, that that's been the reality for you and I understand it. I really do. Unfortunately there's a lot of people out there that are selling a dream And don't actually show you how to get there. So can we just be real here, can we just lay down the facades lay down the egos lay down, I'm gonna commit to this if you do lay down,

[164:28] Speaker 0: trying to look better than we really are. And let's get into the weeds together today as to what actually works, as to what actually gets results as to what we're using right now today, to generate your results and how we're helping people go from zero to making multiple six figures, like clients like Dawn, are doing clients like Danielle, clients like Georgie and Rick, and Stacy and what we're doing with them to help them make not just six figures, but even seven figures, with their courses and with their coaching programs. Now, all the technical aspects of making a course and the coaching programs and the systems and how do you structure that, you know, I can answer some of those in the q&a, that that side of it matters, right? It matters to deliver a good product. And if and if you don't understand the coaching process, it's important to become a better coach. There's a lot of great books on that topic. I'm actually working right now on creating a brand new course myself to help create world class coaches, because I see a need in the market, where a lot of coaches don't even know what they're doing. They're not helping people, they're not bringing transformation. Now, I'm not saying that's you, by any stretch, there may be a one to two people on here, you're just getting started. And so I'm encouraging you some of you are literally experts, and have been coaches for years. And And I honor you and I want to say thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak with you today. In fact, you may have more years of experience than I do with coaching and courses. And actually, a lot of the people that I've worked with, do they have more experience in teaching and sharing? They're actually better teachers than even I am on their specific niche topic. But the one thing that I love that I can help bring for you is how do you get and maximize as many people as possible to listen to your message? I'm not talking about playing small either. How do you find as many people as you want to, for your programs, not just as many as you can get? How many as you want to get? How can you maximize the the the human possibility of impacting as many lives positively with your coaching with your courses, and create transformation in the lives of as many people as possible. I truly believe that there are people on here right now you have a program. And I'm actually getting choked up saying this because I know this to be true, I can feel it right now, I saw some of the names of some of the people that came in here, I saw some of your websites, I know that you're making an impact. You have incredible programs, but you're struggling to get it in front of the right people and getting them to sign up and getting them to register and become your students. Or maybe you've hit a brick wall, maybe you've gotten a few people and you've gotten 3040 100 200 people, maybe you've even gotten 3000 people, we work with people, they had 3000 clients in their group coaching program. And then we've helped them scale that to three, three to five times that 3000 people in the group coaching programs incredible, right. But no matter where you're starting at, we have a kind of a wide range of people and experiences and expertise and stuff like that. So I'm going to be kind of speaking to the audience of people that are here. Whether you're just starting out and want to bring in your first 10 coaching clients, or you want to take however many clients you have and 10x that number, if you got 100 clients bring in 1000. If you got 30, bring in 300. It's super realistic, by the way, it really is. And it can happen in a very short period of time. And that's what we're going to talk about in these three days. That's what I'm going to help you do. I want you to think about that. I want you to imagine that some of you saw my live video today. I want you to visualize audacious goals in your life. I want you to think about in your mind's eye even if you close your eyes for a little bit. What it would feel like if you had 10 times as many clients 10 times as many people buying your courses than you have right now. Think about that. If you have 30 coaching clients, what would 300 be like? What would you do differently? Maybe you would create a different program. If you have 3000. What would 30,000 be like? These are realistic numbers. By the way, these are the numbers that we're seeing consistently with what I'm going to show you You in this three day intensive,

[241:08] Speaker 0: we're going to go into the weeds as to what works, we're gonna work together, which is why I had the q&a time, because I want to hear from you your specific problems to help solve those as well. So that I'm not just sharing my opinions, so that we're really diving in and starting to do some real tangible work to start to bring you results this week that by the end of this week that you can start to see those kinds of results for you. Are you ready for that? Are you ready to commit to that? If so, raise your hand, put a fire emoji in there. Let me know if you're ready, if you're ready to see results in your coaching program, in your course business, to start to sell out your programs to start to get as many people signing up to bring freedom to people's lives, to help change their lives, to help create the courses and the coaching programs that are going to impact people and create generational impact. And by the way, you can create generational wealth for yourself to what's generational wealth, if you make a million dollars, and then you invest that and grow it. That's generational wealth for your children, your children's children and beyond. And I want you to start to think bigger than just selling more paid programs. I want you to start to think about what you would do. If you 10 Extra programs, or even 20 Extra programs. What if you 10 extra income? What if you increase your income by 1,000%? How would your life change, I want you to think about that. And for some of you the last time we did this, I talked with some people, it was actually very scary for some people. And so I want to say, If that's you, if this is very scary for you go with me on this. That may be because you experienced that level of success at one time. And that might be triggering something in you that you're scared of the pain that more success brings. You're scared of experiencing what happened last time. And listen, I'm here to say not always a success, gonna bring pain. But I understand if some of you have experienced that. I know a lot of people the more money you made, the harder your life got. And that's one of the biggest reasons why you haven't gone back there before. Okay, I coached enough people to know that this is a real issue for people, not everybody. But for some people is they're actually afraid to succeed, they're afraid of the responsibility. They're afraid of what might happen if they reach a certain level. And so I want you to start to visualize and think about those 10x in your income. What that would feel like inside.

[283:53] Speaker 0: What that would look like, how would your actions be different. I'm not talking about how much money you're spending on ads, either.

[286:38] Speaker 0: I'm not talking about how much you're going to pay off debt or what you're going to invest in or what you're going to buy or who you're going to hire, okay. Anything that involves spending the money we're not talking about, I want you to purely think about the confidence that you would feel and what you would do differently that you're not doing today in your business. If you write that down, one to two of those things that come to mind, and you start doing those things this week, that's why I said had nothing to do with spending money. I don't want you guys to go into debt and end up in a hole. Because you're overspending and going over and above, because you're dreaming about how much to spend the money. But I want you to visualize if you 10x your income, what would you do today? What would you do this week that you're not doing right now at your current level of income, in your coaching? And in your course business? Really start to think about that some of you haven't ever thought about that. Maybe you have How would your life be different? How would it look different? What would you do differently in your life, it would make you more confident and continue to grow your business.

[306:46] Speaker 0: Here's something that is absolutely going to change your life. If you want to start to sell more programs, if you want to start to get more results. To find more coaching clients to sell more courses,

[312:05] Speaker 0: you have to start to cultivate inside of you the level of belief that it can be done and start to cultivate the confidence inside of you before it happens. Start to raise your level of belief and so that when you go out to build your business, here's what I do when I wake up in the morning before I go to bed. I think of I've actually gone to 100x my income and I think okay, if I'm making a billion dollars What would I do differently? And I start thinking in that way, and I start operating in that way, again, I'm not talking about how I would spend the money. But But how would I communicate differently? And then I asked myself, Why am I not doing that right now? What do I believe about myself that says, I, I could then but I can't now, and I'm not good enough now. But I would be that. And then I start acting and living as if that's my reality today. And my friends, if you started doing that, in your coaching business, in your course, business, just this week, you started acting as if 10x, your income was your present reality, right now today, and you started doing some of those activities. First off, you come face to face with some of your biggest fears. Okay, this is just part of it. You figure out why you talk yourself out of doing that, and why you think that you have to wait until someday in the future before you can. Okay. And for some of you, it's going to be difficult to work through some of those. That's why I believe coaches, and course creators must commit to this actually part of my program that I'm creating right now, courses and coach, course creators and coaches that must commit to a life of consistent personal development, consistent personal growth, consistently growing themselves, so that they can bring their best foot forward. For those that they coach. How would you speak more boldly? How would you post differently on social media? What would you say? If you were making 10 times your income? Now that you're not saying? Why not go start doing that now? Start making those phone calls, start setting up those connections, start setting up those meetings, start posting on social media. The thing that you're afraid to do that you think you got to wait until you reach a certain time to do and you're not good enough to do yet? today? Maybe answer why or why not? Why wouldn't you? Well, obviously, you would say, Well, I've made this much well, don't go around saying that you'd be a fraud, you'd be lying. Not talking about being a fraud here. Let's get real. Okay. But what I'm talking about is your confidence level, As a man thinketh. So is he it's not as a man does. So is he. And I think a lot of coaches and course creators, because we're our businesses, we're looking at areas that people can improve, right? We're training people to improve our businesses, we're sort of like professional critics kind of, we end up being so self critical of ourselves. And all we're ever seeing is our present reality of what's happening right now in the present moment. And then we start tying our worth, and tying how good we are, and connecting what we can and can't do to our level of performance. I'm telling you, that that's one of the biggest things that stops people from selling more of their paid programs. It is it's connecting your level of performance, to what you will and won't do. is connecting your worth, to how much you've accomplished is connecting your confidence to what you've done is one of the single biggest things that makes it difficult, for course creators and coaches to sell their paid programs as a man thinketh So is he again, I'm not talking about going out there and lying to people and telling them I'm a multimillionaire and I'm doing this and and fake it till you make it type thing and pretending. But what you have to do is in your own self talk, this is a self talk thing. This isn't about anybody else.

[391:17] Speaker 0: I'm gonna level with you here. It's, it's a very self personal thing. If your self talk and self esteem, aren't at a level that sees you and believes that you can make the level of income that you want, you won't get there until you change it. I want to I want to preface that by saying that you won't get there until you increase the level of self esteem, self belief and change the self talk. You just won't. You will always get What you say what you declare, and what you speak out. So when I hear people say, I'm so broke, I'm struggling to get clients, it's so hard. It's so difficult. Those are declarations of their present reality. Now, yes, that's what you're experiencing in the present reality, it'd be silly to think that we can always that will never experience that, right? We're always going to experience things that are disappointing, that aren't fun, that aren't what we want, that are what we want to hear that aren't how we want to go. Like that's if you lived on planet Earth. That's literally what it's like to live on planet Earth. Not everything goes your way, not everything goes how you want it to, at all times, right? Feel the pain, I'm all about grief. By the way, let's go there. Some of you have experienced painful situations. It's okay to feel it. But it's your responsibility to heal from what broke you. It's your responsibility to not let it be the hinderance and the limitation on your life. Whatever is your limitation, you will never go past that limitation. And you are the only one that creates those limitations on your life. I truly believe that I never used to believe that. In fact, I used to believe that my life was decided by other people, and what other people thought about me and what other people said about me and the the opinions of others. And and and I lived my life for so long based on this other way of thinking of performance based how I perform as who I am. And was I successful? Yes, but I wasn't fulfilled. And it was always up and down. It was always like a little bit of success, and then boom, flat bottom. And I wonder why was that? Why did I always keep hitting rock bottom after I reached a certain level of success, because the level of my belief had not caught up to the level of my experience. And so I self sabotage my life, to bring it back down to what I believed that I was worth and what I deserved, and what I thought I was capable of. And so my friends, whatever you're experiencing, is tied to your level of belief. So this is one of the very first thing, that's why I had to start this, we're going to talk about strategies, step by steps, the nitty gritty stuff that you need to do and how to say and how to write it, and how to how to make stuff work for you how to write the copy that converts and how to find the customers, we're going to go into those details. But I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't start with this. Because how you think determines all the rest of that stuff. And so I want you to get into the habit every single day, to be intentional, to raise your level of thinking, to raise your level of awareness to raise the level of what you believe you're capable of, to raise the level of what you allow yourself to do. To raise the level of the impact that you think is okay for you. Some of you think that more success will make you be a bad person. And that you'll be judged by people as a bad person. Some of us were told, you know, don't out shine your brother. Don't shine your sister. Don't show boat. Don't, don't, don't tell everybody how good you are. And you've been living your life based on the box of what's safe, what's secure, what feels like it's just enough to keep you motivated going forward.

[465:14] Speaker 0: But not enough to ever go past and into your dreams. Staying in that comfort zone, my friends. It's something we got to break out of. We have to break out of our comfort zone, we have to break out of our self limitations. Now here's the other thing if you're not somebody that struggles with that, you've probably been like finally, Jeremiah's gonna get to the real stuff and stop talking about this woowoo crap. I get it. And I honor you for that as well. If that's you, it's been 30 minutes. Some of you, you might have a great level of self esteem, great level of self belief. You believe that the moon is your limit and beyond and Mars and you'll build a base and go to the stars. I honor you for that. And that's incredible. We got to get everybody else up to your level. Okay? Because that's the starting point. That's the bare minimum If you want to make more impact with your coaching and courses, that's the starting point that you have to start at is that belief level, once you believe now it comes to doing the work. And this is another thing, not everybody, but some people struggle with is self discipline and accountability, especially if you left the corporate world, if you left corporate America and you worked for another person, when you start your own business, nobody is going to hold you accountable, and hold your hand and make sure that you're doing what you should. Nobody is going to stand over you and and, and hold consequences over your head and say, if you don't do this, then you're going to be punished, aka fired, aka lose your job, aka lose a project that you really felt passionate about. Nobody's going to do that. And so you have to develop a level of self discipline and self accountability, to hold yourself accountable to do the things that you set out to do. How do you expect to coach somebody and hold them accountable if you can't even do it yourself? I know that sounds harsh, but it's so true. Listen, I had to be harsh at myself on this. A year ago, I was dealing with this, it took me four months to finish one of my courses. And I was really struggling with this. And I really spent that time figuring out why it was that I struggled so much with self discipline, one of the biggest things was my own perfectionism, my own needing everything to be perfect, my own needing everything to to be just right before I put it out there. And I had to work through that I had to work through the root issue of that. One of the biggest thing that I see that prevents course creators and coaches, from selling more of their programs, is perfectionism. Now, this is usually the time where I lose about 50% of everybody who's watching and listening to me. Because you're either on the fence of I must be perfect. Or imperfect action is the way and so if you're the I must be perfect person. I'm gonna say this is not the training for you. Okay? Because I believe that perfectionism is the most destructive force in a coach and course creators life. That perfectionism and needing to do everything perfect. In some industries that matters, if you're, if you're building a car, you don't want the car to blow up, it needs to be perfect. If you're building a house, there's structural integrity that needs to be there, it needs to be perfect, or it's dangerous. As a course and coach, you have to have a certain level of results that you bring people but I see people they spend, I saw somebody this past week, they spent five years working on their first course when they could have launched 20 courses during that five years, and and grown and made each one better than the last one. But they they were their own worst enemy. With their perfectionism. They were their own worst enemy of needing it all to be perfect before they put it out there. And this is usually the place where I see a lot of coaches, and course creators limit themselves, even if they have great self esteem, even if they have great self discipline. In fact, one of my clients that we work with that's doing half a million dollar months, and we're even about to cross over into seven figure months here really sick. And this is something that he struggled with was perfectionism. And this is one of the biggest areas that I helped coach him through that exploded his income. It broke, it passed. He was doing good, you know, 10 20,000 a month, that's really good. But he couldn't break into the seven figure range. Until he got past the perfectionism thing. And as soon as that broke, literally blew up, Imperfect Action became how everything is done. And so from my experience as well. So I've worked with a lot of coaches, a lot of course creators, a lot of authors, influencers, teachers, you guys, a lot of you know, my mom, Sandy Krakowskie. And she also preaches this. And in fact, this is a funny story. So I worked for my mom. I was working during the marketing, videos, copywriting, all of this helping build the team and all of that. And this is one of the biggest areas that my mom and I used to clash on.

[552:24] Speaker 0: So her business is making millions of dollars. And I'm thinking that I know better than her eight years ago with my perfectionist tendencies, saying no, it has to be perfect. That's good. And she's like Jeremiah, get it done. I need it done in an hour so that we can get it out. You need to not spend so much time editing that video. I remember the day and I remember I argued with her and I was like no you don't know what you're talking about. People are not gonna like it and she's like, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter that much. If the graphic is, is is, like, we need to launch this, we've been saying that we're going to launch it for three weeks. This can't wait another day. And I was I was actually frustrated. Like, like that she was pushing me in that and now running my own business I'm seeing that was literally her superpower. I know that my mom was a big perfectionist years back. And growing out of perfectionism is one of the biggest things that made her a multimillionaire. And so I can tell you, without a doubt that course creators and coaches that break past perfectionism, they sell more of their programs, and the ones that can't, they keep struggling, because they self limit themselves based on how perfect they need everything to be. So they could get they could, they can actually start marketing themselves and getting stuff out there. But they limit the ability because they haven't even done anything yet. Because they're trying to make it perfect. And they justify it as wisdom and a spirit of excellence. And unfortunately, it's, that's not a healthy way to operate, oftentimes, so perfectionism, if we want to get into the root cause of it, I just posted a blog post on it this week, usually comes from where it was unsafe for you at some time in your life, to make a mistake, and to mess up, and you got punished for it. And so you made a conscious personality decision that I will never do anything that is possibly anything less than perfect in my life, so that nobody can ever say anything. And I don't feel that pain again. It's generally where it comes from. In reality, it's insecurity. Perfectionism is insecurity. It's insecurity about what people are going to think about me, how are they going to judge me? Is this good enough, and we're trying to earn how good we are, and earn the right to be successful, earned the right to sell more courses, and to sell more programs by how perfect everything is, and it doesn't work. It's a losing battle at every single turn. And I hope if you pull away one thing from today, you go on the journey that I did of killing perfectionism in your life, if you commit to being a course creator, being a coach, that you commit to killing perfectionism in your life. So these are some of the foundations that you need to be able to even have a chance at selling more of your programs. And this is this is what separates I've been studying, researching, coaching 1000s of people. This is what separates the people that barely get off the ground, from those that break past into the $10,000 mark, and then go beyond it and everything year over year, they keep growing, high level of self esteem, high level of self belief, commitment to personal development. They work on their self discipline, they work on their personal accountability. And the last one, which is so interesting to me, is they kill perfectionism in their life. Those six things have the most impact that I have seen on coaches and course creators. So you can find a lot of strategies out there, you can find a lot of programs out there on marketing, and Facebook ads and funnels and copywriting and how to be a better coach and how to coach people better and memberships and systems and stuff like that. But if your mental framework struggles with those six things, it's a losing battle. And that's where some of you, you literally might have just gotten the unlock that's gonna open up your business off of just what I just shared with you, in the last 40 minutes. Some of you may be you need to go further. And we can dive deeper into this in the q&a time. And in the next couple of days. We're going to be talking about the strategic strategies, the actual step by step, the how tos, I'm going to walk you through how we're using artificial intelligence to write copy. I'm going to walk you through how we find the best customers and how we close sales better without having to be a salesperson without high pressure sales. Are you here for it? I'm not a big fan of high pressure sales. By the way, just so you know that full disclaimer. I I loathe high

[632:31] Speaker 0: pressure sales. So if you're looking for a high pressure sales program, there's a lot of other stuff out there. A lot of the resources that I refer as well, they are not high pressure sales programs that I refer, you're going to hear a book list from me, I posted on my social media. I'll share with you some of my favorite books here in the next day or so as well. These are these are books that literally if you just put them on your audible list, Audible is an app on your phone and you listen to the audio books and you you get a subscription with that. It's 50 10 bucks a month, I think literally the best coaching program out there is an audible subscription changed my life, because I can listen to literally full programs from authors. And if I didn't like a book, I can actually return it to Okay. So an audible subscription is something that I highly recommend people, maybe I should sign up for an affiliate program on Audible, I probably already have an account with Amazon Associates, making a mental note. For you to start to sell more of your programs, you're going to have to change how you been doing things. The reason why. And, again, that's why I said, Can we lay our egos aside, the reason why you're here, you want to sell more of your paid programs, either you're looking, you're just trying to figure out how I do this stuff, that's fine. And you're already selling millions of programs already. That's awesome. And I'd love to connect with you and talk about how we could help you scale even bigger. But if you're here and you're not selling as many programs as you want, and you've been struggling, and you want to start selling, more paid programs, coaching, and courses, something's gonna have to change with your daily activities, what you do each day. One of the biggest things that you can start with doing that is the simplest thing and it takes 15 seconds a day. Again, daily affirmations, okay? Two things. daily affirmations is one of them when you go to bed. And when you wake up affirming the level of income that you want, I am making whatever 10 extra income is, I am abundant, I have all the financial resources that I want. And it's very easy for me to do. So you want to say it's easy for you so that you're not convincing yourself that it's hard because it will literally unlock your resourcefulness and your brain to word it that way. It will. So daily affirmations, that's one of them, if you take away from this number two, and this is gonna challenge some of you start posting 15 to 32nd videos on tick tock and Instagram reels. That activity alone changed my life. You pre record one video 15 to 30 seconds on one idea that the target customer that buys your coaching program, or your courses deals with and a solution that you have for them, and you condense it into 15 to 30 seconds, the shorter the better. By the way, if you can go under 10 seconds, even better. Why is that the algorithm pays for how much how far, they don't pay for it. When I say it pays for like you get more engagement. And eventually you can retarget at a really low cost your programs to these people, it gives you better results, the shorter your videos are, because more people are able to watch to the end of it. So they prioritize videos that people are watching all the way through. So seven second videos are even better if you can literally I've started to do this and I've tested it, get your point out in seven seconds. That's even better. How do you get your point out in seven seconds? Well, you're not going to be able to break down an entire encyclopedia of topics, you're not going to be able to break down an entire coaching program, you're not gonna be able to break down an entire concept in seven seconds, in 10 seconds in 15 seconds. So don't even try. You want to think of just one idea that comes to mind. And here's what I do is while I'm going through my day, I'm thinking about one thing that can solve a problem for my target customer. That's you guys, course creators and coaches that need to sell more pay programs. And I think about what they're dealing with. And then I'll make a video of I made one today, here's how we do it. This is how short it would be daily affirmations and declaring what you want in your business is the greatest strategy to increase your income. Boom, that short. That's the whole piece of social media content. And then I put that on a reel I put that on tick tock the activity of doing this now you may not see the results right away. But the activity of showing up and being consistent every single day does two things. You're going to start to learn really quickly what people the strangers in the public respond to Okay.

[708:53] Speaker 0: I might be getting ahead of myself here. If you want to sell more of your paid programs this year. You have to find more strangers that you've never met and get them to give you their money. Okay. So we're not talking about just the existing people you have. You want to find more people and nurture a relationship with them to get them to sign up for your program and to buy your course. Okay. And so when you do the daily practice of one short 15 to 32nd video or even a seven second video on tick tock and Instagram a day. It does two things you grow in your confidence on video. First off, a lot of people they're not confident to show up on video. The algorithm loves videos with people's faces, it loves when it can see people. And so by you showing up consistently, it's going to actually break you past the fear and uncomfortability of putting yourself out there on video, just by doing it every single day, kind of like showing up at the gym. It's like a workout literally. Okay, next, you're gonna be able to look at, okay, which messages and these short videos are people really resonating with. And when you see ones that really pop further than others, start making more reels and tic TOCs. Based on those topics, I have a whole course on my website that I just released called social media content creation made easy. I have a bundle on my website with all my courses as well. I teach about offers I teach about social media ads, I teach about building your website, social media content, creating courses, you name it all at my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. As well, a podcast with over 150 episodes for free. Each episode is like this format, okay? If you've never listened to the Grow Your Life podcast, it's like this format, where I'm teaching and sharing with you exact strategies that you can apply for a specific topic in your business, okay? When you start making that social media content, every single day, when you start making those short videos it's going to help you grow in your confidence, you're going to find exactly what resonates with people, so that you can find more strangers that need help in those areas. And then the algorithm is actually going to give you people for free, and it literally takes 15 to 3030 seconds a day. Some of you might say, well, I don't know what to post. There's a framework again, in that course where I teach how to make it only take 15 to 30 seconds where you literally, I don't want you spending more than five minutes maximum a day coming up with that video. If you're spending more than five minutes a day, on your 15 to 32nd video coming up with what it is you're taking way too long. See, I hear a lot of people say I don't have a lot of time. I don't have a lot of money. I don't have a big social media following. I have kids that I'm raising. But do you have five minutes a day to record a 15 second video. And usually the reason why they don't have to do with perfectionism has to do with the fear that it's not good enough to put out there is the only reason why it has nothing to do with time it has nothing to do with. Or sometimes they'll say I don't want to say it wrong, and I want it to be effective. Well, that's that's another excuse for perfectionism. It's just another way of saying that you're insecure about how people are going to receive you. Okay? can't worry about that. Those that have an ear to hear you. Those that are willing to hear your message will listen, they will stay on, they will stay plugged in with you. It's not your job to try to convince all the other people to listen to you. It's just not. It's a waste of time. And it's a waste of energy. And this is one of the last things that I'm going to share is one of the biggest areas to help you start to make more money to start to sell more programs. One of the biggest reasons why people don't like the word sell and are afraid of selling and even why you coming to a program called sell more paid programs kind of makes you cringe a little bit maybe as a course creator and a coach, right? I want to have impact I don't want to sell is because of pushy, forceful slimy salespeople that we've experienced and we don't want to be associated with that. We don't want to be seen as one of those pushy slimy salespeople. We don't want to be one of those people. And so one of the biggest things is this a I don't want you to be that way either. First off, okay. Let's take a sip of this green tea from h2o You're in Texas check out an h2o they do not sponsor this but they are the best tea in Texas.

[787:07] Speaker 0: You can't let the fear of what other people think about you stop you from building your business. I don't want you to be a slimy salesperson. I don't want you to be all slick and yucky and disgusting. And oh I hate that like literally makes me want to gag. You're been to a car dealership or those salespeople they come out there and they try to be your best friend and then they they try to intimidate and coerce you to buy a car or buy something you don't want. They insult your your uncle because you didn't buy their TV. Oh my gosh. I've had that happen too. I made a commitment long ago to never be that way. And I know most of you do it Well, how do I do that, because I, that's the type of person I attract, is I don't attract slimy salespeople. But if you're going to build a business, if you're going to have the impact that you want to have, with your coaching, with your courses, you're gonna have to get more sales, you're gonna have to get more people, giving you their money, paying you, for your time, paying you for their information, paying you for courses, and coaching. So, set sales is a part of it. But the stigma of selling, we don't have to be that way, there's a better way, there's a way better way. And that's exactly what we're going to talk about the next two days is the better way that you don't have to be a slimy salesperson, it doesn't cost a lot of money at all. It doesn't take a lot of your time. And you don't need a big following. Who wants that? How many of you want to bring in more people in your programs that are paying you more money, you want to get more revenue, you want to get more sales, one of the first things that you have to start doing is gain the courage to ask for the sale. And, and that's usually where most people get choked up. That struggle to sell is they don't want to be that salesperson, they don't want to do that thing that they experience. They don't want to even be close to it. So they swing so far that they don't even let somebody know that they have something for sale. They're just hoping that they put up a website and people find them and suddenly they buy that. That's not reality, it doesn't work that way. You have to actually tell people what you have for sale, and ask them to buy from you, for you to get sales. But you don't need to do so in a slimy way. You don't need to do so in a forceful way. You don't use intimidation and coercion and manipulation. I am extremely against those things. Because I've had them used on me. I was taught to use those ways years back and have completely eliminated any of that from my life. Because I didn't feel good inside. Just doing whatever it takes to get a sale. Just trying to turn a no into a yes. So one thing I'm going to commit to you, you're not going to hear any of that today, you're not going to hear that any of that tomorrow or the next day is how to convince people to turn nose into yeses. What I want to help you do is to find more of the people that want what you're already doing. If you just found a room of people that want more of the course that you sell, and the coaching that you offer, and you were able to tell them about what you offer and build trust with them. And they believe that you could bring transformation to their lives and the impact that they wanted. Would you be willing to say hey, I have this program? Are you ready to get started? Again, some of you are afraid of that others of you or not, but some of you are afraid of even asking that. Because you just want them to find it for themselves. That's not reality, you're going to have to make an ask. And a big part of that is that's why I say you can't worry about what other people think about you. If you want to be successful as a course creator or coach, listen, not everybody is going to like you. Not everybody is going to be happy with you. Not everybody is going to think that you have the best intentions. By the way. I had a ton of people leaving comments on this free three day intensive, calling me a scam artist, a con artist saying that I'm the worst crook on the planet that they've seen and all all kinds of stuff, getting horrible DMS, I get those every day.

[865:56] Speaker 0: Coaches that I know that are doing millions of dollars literally get hundreds of those messages a day from people that they've never worked with, not client experiences, not people that have actually been screwed over by them. I've actually never had that happen with somebody who's worked with me, which is awesome. Never had somebody that I've worked with and coached come back and say yeah, it didn't work. So maybe I haven't coached enough people. For you to start to get more of the type of people that you want, and to sell more paid programs. You can't worry about convincing other people to work with you. You want to find as many of the people that you're supposed to work with as possible. You want to find as many of the people that are qualified enough to to work with you, that are at a place where they're ready to receive the message that you have. And then when you sell to them, when you ask them to buy from you, they're already pre qualified, they're already sold on it, they're just waiting for you to offer something. And that's how you sell more pay programs, we're going to talk about the nuances of how you do that, in the next two days. How many of you are ready to start to get more customers in your business? How many of your of you are ready to start to break open into a new level as a coach or course creator, you can't let the fear of other people's opinions bother you. You know, they say the only thing that you have in business is your reputation. I agree with that. However, your reputation has nothing to do with what other people think about you. has everything to do with your character. And that's the truth. And that's, I think, where a lot of people separate those two, as they're trying to manage and maintain image, they're there in image management mode. They're trying to manage how people perceive them, and what everybody thinks about them. And we're worried and we don't want anybody to think anything. You might even be a people pleaser, where you've dealt with this people pleasing, we always try to make everybody happy and never offend and never upset anybody. And you were taught your whole life to be nice, and never say anything rude. And never be direct and forceful and assertive. My friends, for you to be a successful course creator and coach, you're going to have to be assertive. There will be a small, tiny percentage of people that think that you're extremely rude if you're doing your job, right. How do I know that I'm doing my job right as I have about 5% of the people that plug into me that say that I'm the rudest, worst, horrible human being that they've ever met. And they can't even believe that I can sleep at night. It's how I know I'm doing the right thing. It's about less than 5% of the people. And that's a good indicator for you. You're not going to please everybody, you're not going to make everybody happy, you're not going to to do all the right you can literally do everything perfect is back to perfectionism. And you'll still have a small percentage of haters and people that judge you and people that are committed to misunderstanding you, and committed to thinking that you have the worst possible intentions, because unfortunately, they're just projecting how they feel about themselves into your life. They might be a good person for coaching, but probably not a good person for your coaching. Because they're not ready to hear it. They're not ready to hear your message. They're not ready to work with you. They're not qualified to engage with. And so we can't let the fear of what other people think, stop us from getting the customers that we want from reaching and having the kind of impact that we want. We can't let the responses and the reactions of people and strangers on the internet and the rude comments that people might say, prevent us from taking the action that we know that we need to to make the kind of impact that we're supposed to do. My friends, if you're still watching this right now, I know we've had a couple people log off on here, you disappeared. If you're still watching this right now, I believe. And you, I would hope that you'd agree with me that you feel called to impact people with your coaching with your courses. You wouldn't be here right now, and to impact more people. If that's the case, you can't let the opinions of other people strangers on the internet stop you from doing what you were born to do. You just can't. And so that's why a commitment to personal development is so important. That's why mindset is so important. That's why I say walk you through the exercise of Imagine if you were making 10 times your income than you're making right now. What level of confidence would you have? How would you carry yourself differently? How would you respond to the haters differently?

[944:07] Speaker 0: would they bother you as much? Probably 99% of you would say no. And that's exactly how you need to start acting now. That's exactly how you need to start living. Now. Not in an arrogant, cocky way. Listen, I'm not calling you to be a jerk. Be kind and compassionate to everybody. That's my message it is. But Be confident. And always believe in yourself fully. No matter what anybody else says about you. Make sure that you do things with integrity. If you do, you got nothing to worry about. If you're doing everything with integrity, what one person says about you just because they're so upset and mad at you had no impact on the rest of everything else. And that's where I want to help you get to as well and I believe some of you this is going to set you on a journey that's going to change your life, it might not happen overnight. Listen, people go through programs like this. Three day programs like this, about selling online and, and they get really excited and really amped up. And right now you're feeling super excited and believing that you can do it and believing that nothing's impossible. And that's great. And I want you to stay there. But here's the thing. Tomorrow, we're going to talk, and you're going to feel that same thing. And the next day, we're in a three day atmosphere, it's a bubble together, we're in a bubble. That's a controlled environment, to where we cultivate that feeling together. When you leave that bubble, and you go into your friends and family and your social media and your Facebook groups and your church and your community groups. Real Life comes in, and tries to pull you back to where you were. And so this is why I say you got to be committed to personal development, life is going to try to pull you back down to the level that you have always been at. Your your brain is actually wired that way. So you have to actually create a habit in your life, to raise your level of confidence to raise that's called state management. That's the technical term of it. Tony Robbins teaches at Jordan Belfort teaches at Grant Cardone all these guys, state management. Getting yourself into a state of confidence, even when you're not producing will help you produce better, but you have to be intentional, just like brushing your teeth in the morning. To do so every single day when I wake up in the morning, my focus, and it's changed, revolutionize my life. And everybody that I know that has ever been successful at selling the courses, selling online making more money and becoming a millionaire. Does this is they they're intentional to manage a heightened state of confidence and belief in themselves. And so when you go into your normal life, if you can maintain that, the actions decisions, and the changes in your life, and the things that you do that follow are going to be revolutionary, it's gonna be night and day different, you're gonna have a lot of people that might even be like, I don't even recognize you. You're gonna have some people that aren't happy with it. Because you were a lot less dangerous than you were a lot more easier to control and manipulate when you were less confident. That's a topic for another time. I talk about boundaries are so important in business on my podcast all the time, I talked about not letting other people controlling your time and you taking control of your time and time management being so important. We're not going to go into a lot of those details here. We're going to talk more in the next two days about the selling and how to get more sales and the strategies and the strategic ways that you can start to get more coaching clients. But I want you to I want you to go away with this. Now we're going to go into questions right now we're going to take some questions, quite question and answer time. Before you go to bed tonight, I want you to start to declare your affirmations. The frequency, the brainwaves, they're more susceptible to persuasion, they're more susceptible to persuasion, that's what it is, right before bad. And when you wake up. And so that's a good thing when you're in control of what you're persuading yourself to believe. Right? So you're persuading yourself to believe I am a multi millionaire or I am a six figure earner, I have all the abundance that I need in my life. And it's very easy for me to accomplish and get 10 times the customers that I have right now in my business and you start affirming this and you start even creating you turn your goals into affirmations whatever your goal is, you turn that into an I am statement, an active I am statement. Not I will be in the future. This is very important. Not I will be in the future. But I am

[1023:28] Speaker 0: with what your goals are and you say it as if it's your present reality. This is just for you personally, before bed. And when you wake up, you're not going to post this on social media. You're not going to tell everybody I am a multimillionaire that's silly that some people might want to lock you up in a mental institution. If you do that. Let's be real, but for you to reprogram your brain, the affirmations before bed and when you wake up in the morning, it will revolutionize your life. And then start posting and start recording those 15 second videos for Tik Tok and Instagram rails. After you raise your state, after you start believing after you start raising your level of confidence, find something that you love to do that makes you happy and makes you excited. What if you started doing more activities that made you happy throughout the day, instead of telling yourself that it's bad to be happy? What if you believe that you could be happy more excited and confident more hours of your day? Listen, it's not a reality to be that way. 24/7 it's just not. I understand mental health issues. and all of that. I personally see a therapist that I work with through stuff as well. It's just not practical. It's not life on Earth. But what if you had more hours in the day that you felt that way. And you could learn to cultivate that. And you did that. It's possible by committing to growing and personal development as a coach, and that my friends is going to affect your ability to sell, and your ability to get more sales have more impact, and reach more people. All right, we're going to go into the questions now I'm going to start to look at some of the questions that came in here. Um, post some of these questions in the comments below. And let me know where you're at. Let me know what you want. What this is inspiring. Should the video be a real on Instagram? Yes, absolutely. As a real, so you want to do a vertical video on Instagram. It's a real R E L. And posted as well the tic toc. So that's a great way for you to start to bring in more organic traffic with people as well. Okay. Let's see, I'm scrolling through some of the comments. If you posted a question earlier, repost it, because there's a lot of comments that came in. And we will take questions. How many guys like this today? How many of you this inspired you? How many of you are ready to start to make this a regular part of your daily life? What do you think is stopping you from doing this? So to really look at that, why aren't you doing this presently in your life? Maybe answer that question. Figure that out. How do you do a real on Instagram? Okay, so how do you do a real very simply, you record it with your camera on your phone? upright, you hold the phone like this. And you press record for 15 seconds, you go on Instagram and you press the little the plus symbol where you make a post and it literally says r e l and you can post a real right there. That's how you do it. It's not a video, it's a real and you can post the same video to Tik Tok. One thing, you don't want to post tick tock videos to Instagram, the audio gets messed up and they they don't post them as real as if they have the Tick Tock logo. So they have to not have the logo. So you have to post them separately to the two platforms. I can't think on earth how to say something in just 15 seconds. Well. Let's let's talk about that. Why don't you Why do you think that you can't think of something in just 15 seconds? What? Why is that? Do you feel like you have to say it in a lot more seconds? What's the topic? What are you sharing about? Usually if you take a whole topic, let's you would do a five minute or a 10 minute video, you can find one key nugget and make that your 15 second video. Yikes. So, so take give Yeah, give you 115 Second idea. So this isn't for Facebook ads. This is for organic content. This is for Facebook ads are usually going to be about 36 to 60 seconds. Instagram reels and tick tock are organic videos that are 15 to 30 seconds and even sometimes seven seconds. So here's an example.

[1098:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, login to Instagram, create an Instagram account, start using it. It's one of the best ways to grow in that the algorithm actually find more people Oh, for teaching Facebook ads Perfect. Okay, so here's, here's a great example, I have a number of videos about teaching Facebook ads, here's how I would do it. One of the best ways to improve dead ad campaigns is to re record your creative video and then upload it with the same copy that was less than 10 seconds. And so you can make that as a video. You can also use a some of the trending sounds right? And so it might be like you'll go look at how other people use Instagram reels. Brock Johnson is a really good one Celine Johnson son has some great examples of how to use Instagram reels. That's his entire coaching business is how to do that. And his Instagram, I'm gonna pull it up here is super incredible. Um, when it comes to like showing you how to use reels, that's what he's committed his entire Instagram to. And here's the cool idea. He says steal his ideas. So he wants you to steal his ideas. Here's the other thing you guys can steal any of my ideas for your content as well. In my social media content creation course, I actually give you 9000 of my own social media posts in an Excel document that you could copy and rewrite and use for your own posts. Okay, so here's an example. So yeah, this is, this is Brock Johnson. I don't know him personally, I know my mom knows Chalene. But his, his free content here will help you know, like, what to post on rails. He does some silly stuff. He does different stuff. I do more talking head style if you watch some of my videos, so you can get some great ideas. Yeah, Brock says steal his ideas. He literally does. He's like, take my ideas and use them. So it's awesome. He gives you permission and I give you permission to do that on mine as well. So he'll come up with these different ideas was trending sounds. And then he'll use different text for his message. So his whole message is people that want to use reels to use trending sounds and stuff like that. Yeah, it's um, it's right here. It's Brock Johnson. You can tag me and tell him that that I sent you to him. Be like Jeremy, Jeremy cracks me sent me you guys. If you don't follow me as well. You can check out how I do this. I do it a little bit of a different format. Mine's more of a teaching format with people. So I have like live videos that I do. million dollar strategy, mindset. Success in your life, you have to believe that you're successful, and declare it with your mouth before it becomes your reality. If you just say I suck, I'm a failure, and then try to succeed with that mindset. It's 1000 times harder. Literally, it just puts fuel on your fire to start believing I am abundant, I am successful before your bank account reflects it. So that video I can already tell you based on the likes, yeah, that got 2800 views. Some of them don't go very far. Some of mine you know 60 views stuff like that. I'm still testing out even some of this but the ones that really hit like this one got 4000

[1154:42] Speaker 0: I use the trending sound for that stuff like that. So these little short videos but all of my videos are basically there for course creators and coaches that want to get more sales and their business and so that's who I attract with these and then I retarget programs like this and and my courses to anybody who engages with me on here. Okay, so follow me follow Brock, you can also check out I post basically the same stuff on tick tock tick tock as well. Tick tock is a great platform, it's no longer just teenagers and girls in bikinis. That's what it was like a year ago. Now the algorithm is trained to where it's based off of what you engage with. So like, I never see any of that content anymore. I wasn't even on it a year ago cuz I'm like, I told my wife, I'm like, Babe, like, it's just it's like, teenagers, like teen girls and their bikinis. I'm not, I don't want to engage with this content. Now, it's a grown up platform like Instagram, where I'm actually seeing relevant content that matters, which is good. So it's a great platform. I've been growing my followers like 10, a day on here from zero and I'm hoping once I hit 1000, I can actually do lives on here, which is awesome. So I have my content on here. This one did really good. Through tick tock, stop criticizing tick tock is harder to get more views on at in the beginning, but you actually get more consistent views in the long term, because I think your followers are more committed to you. Whoops, let me show you the screen. Here's my tic tock, Jeremy crack, you can follow me on tick tock right here as well. And I put a little tagline I mentor course creators and coaches to make 10 to 30,000 per month online. And beyond that, but usually most people, they're just getting started 10 to 30,000 a month. Alright, let's see what other questions come in. Like how to structure framework across so I'm not understanding what you mean, Jeremiah like to learn how to structure. Can you explain a little bit more as to the question that you mean, on how to structure framework across social media initially, you may be overthinking it. I don't structure things as a framework. I think about how do I solve problems for the target customer that I best serve. And it's the only thing that I think about for all of my content, and then I post what pops in my head and that's also what the best course creators say to do. The best content creators say to do, you can literally overthink yourself out of doing that activity by worrying about a perfect structure. Okay, so really just start posting. Again the the course over at my website Right here goes really in depth on social media content creation. Finally, never wonder what should I post again, even if you struggle to make content, don't feel comfortable on video or aren't a good writer, I give you 9000 of my own social media posts that you can actually rewrite and start to do that way. But really like, it's a whole lot simpler than I think a lot of people are making it when it comes to their social media content. It's a whole lot simpler than most people think it is to be successful with their content and their sales. Is this is why taking action, imperfect action. Is the recipe for success, doing imperfect things, not worrying about is this perfect? Is this the right way to do it? Am I doing all the right things, quote, unquote, and just taking action and putting yourself out there is what produces results far better than trying to do it all in a structured way. Now, you might say, Well, I'm a structured person, great. You can structure how you do your day, you can manage how you do your day. Structured marketing, when it comes to sales, when it comes to course creation and coaching, it doesn't work. And it's almost always going to you're going to fall flat, overwhelm yourself, it's gonna take way too many hours in your day. And then you're gonna wonder why you even got started in the first place, because you created a harder job for yourself than anything else. And that's why most course creators and coaches give up before they ever have any traction. It's because of that.

[1228:25] Speaker 0: And so if you are a super structured person, this is going to be a stretch for you to grow in to take action, without knowing is it going to produce a result? Is it perfect? Is it good enough to put stuff out there because experimentation? And testing is the name of the game? When it comes to selling and getting more people in your paid programs, testing things out? Seeing what works? Okay? Do you follow social media trends, ie same post? Or do you know how to start or set a trend by posting? I will usually follow a trend as far as the trending sounds. But my goal isn't to start a trend or doing that if you're if you're trying to build your whole business on this idea that you're going to blow up with a trending sound. And it's going to happen, you're going to trend by accident, usually, by testing what gets engagement from people. So really, you're skipping 1000 steps already by talking about how do you start a trend, if you're not posting daily, every single day, at the baseline level, because you got to actually find what do people on social media engage with, and your message and who connects with you the most personally, and then you can start to look at, okay, they're engaging with this more, if I do more of this, then that starts to build and compound and create a trend. So that's like step five, we're still talking about step one. And if you haven't done step one, yet, you literally like thinking about step five, and how you get there, you get there by the daily consistent action of keeping it simple, of imperfect action of posting consistently, okay. You're also not going to by the way, you're not going to build your your whole entire coaching and course business by posting organic content. And that might be a big like, boom. For You is your organic content does two things, establishes you as an authority that knows what they're talking about. So if somebody checks you out, they can see your content and says okay, they actually know what they're talking about, be. It does attract a good amount of people that you can retarget with your programs. What I'm going to show you tomorrow is how we're finding millions of people without needing to spend a lot of money in your business, but organically. That's not how we're doing it. Okay. So then a lot of people say well then why even posts at all? So here's what we found. If you're not posting on social media, most everything else ends up struggling to gain traction. So it's like the baseline thing. The other side of posting on social media is for you to get comfortable putting yourself out there to the the public to strangers to see what messages resonate with people. So you're testing messaging, you're testing out different ideas before you get 1000s of people in your coaching business. If you're not Tony Robbins yet, that's what you need to do. That's how you do it. That's how you test out different concepts. And you see, okay, is this messaging resonate, resonating with people? A huge part of my message is self discipline. You want to know what I posted for a whole week on self discipline, and it was the worst performing content I ever put out, they're not going to talk about self discipline anymore in my content. So one of the number one things that I think every single course catering coach needs, but nobody wants to hear it on social media. What they love is they love affirmations and making more money and talking about how do we bring in more income and talking about big numbers and dreaming big and ideas like this. And so that content resonates more with people and attract some to plug into more of the other stuff that I do, right. One thing that I think a lot of people try to do and they miss it is they try to force their message at people in in the first instance that they meet them. That's like a teenage boy trying to sleep with a girl on the first date. And that's how a lot of people approach their coaching and course creation, as they have this one chance, one shot one opportunity like Eminem, Eminem song, right? I got one shot one opportunity to close you and make you buy my product. No, that's wrong. That's completely the wrong perspective.

[1303:06] Speaker 0: If somebody engages with one piece of content from you on social media, you can retarget them for pennies for 365 days after they engage with that content. So you actually have 365 days to re engage with them. Your goal, the way that you sell to people is you build relationship, there's not a trick to do it. There's not a gimmick to do it. Okay, it's relationship building. So your content is a form of relationship and rapport building, as well. It's an exercise in you gaining more confidence. How do you retarget those people? We're going to go over that tomorrow, but I'll answer you really quickly. In the Facebook Ads Manager, it gives you the opportunity to literally grab a bucket of how many people engage with you on Instagram and Facebook, and then send ads to those people and show them more pieces of content. as well. If they engage with you, if they follow you, they will organically see more of your content as well. And so just by them engaging with initial pieces of content, they will you will be able to either retarget them with paid ads. And you don't need a big budget I'm literally to retarget your your engagement and followers is less than $5 a day for most people in their first year. And you could literally make six figures for less than $5 a day in ads by retargeting organic content off Instagram rails. Most people don't realize like that's that's how simple it is. And I have a I have a course on my website all about that called social media ads, that work. Okay. So social media ads that work talks about that. Right here it's my social media ads course that goes through how you run ads and how to how to find people using paid ads. Somebody asked, Do you have a course of the program on how to make a program, I have a course on how to create courses. Easy course Creation Blueprint, how I make courses my process for this. Okay. And I have a bundle right here called create and grow your profitable coaching course business where basically all of my courses are on my website for $1,000. So you can get all these courses for 1000 bucks on my website right here, all of them that include how to create offers, how to sell all of that. I wasn't going to talk about this at all until maybe the last day but a bunch of you have been asking in the comments. So social media content creation, website building irresistible offers social media ads at work, easy course Creation Blueprint. Those are my different programs that I have. And I'm working on a program to help people create their own coaching programs as well. Okay. I'm actively recording that one. But these three days together, these three days together, we're going to spend some time working through how you can start to sell more paid programs. This is just a one my friends. This is just day one. The next two days, the amount that you're going to learn I would challenge you to at least wait until these two days are over before you go buy any of the courses on my website. Okay, because I think that you're going to actually learn a lot through this. Jeremiah Krakowski calm by the way over at my website my podcast right here, the Grow Your Life podcast. 149 Now 150 episodes 150 this coming week. Each episode is about 25 minutes long. And it's literally like an entire course on different topics, how we're using artificial intelligence to write everything is all about ads and copy and blogging, the mindset you need. There's a lot of mindset stuff on here building your motivation and self discipline, the blueprint to make 100k a month online self discipline, creating an attractive offer for your niche. So there's hundreds of episodes on here that you can listen to that totally free the video versions. Sometimes I share my screen so each one has video and audio you can listen to it on my website at Jeremiah Krakowski calm Okay. Can you connect them to your course page from a real video on Instagram? So here's what you do you say go to the link in my bio to check check out my training that I have on XYZ topic go to that link in my bio on how to get more sales for your coaching and courses. So you can say that at the very end of your reel and the link is in your bio right.

[1381:19] Speaker 0: tied to it. Let me see. I'll pull it up for you. I'm sorry, like go to my link in my bio. I haven't actually used it that way cuz I do a lot more retargeting, but I do know if you follow here's another great person to follow. Though Be careful. I'm just being fully transparent if she finds this and sees this. That's not who it is. That Rachel Peterson Peterson. Rachel Peterson if she finds this, she's gonna laugh. If you steal her ideas on Tik Tok, she will usually call you out and want you to at least tag her. And so it's not my style. I'm not going to call you out if you do that. But she does do that. Sometimes she calls up people who steals her ideas, but you can get inspiration from her Tik Tok right here. I've seen her do it with like a ton of people. That's what I'm saying. That'd be hilarious if she finds this video. And then gets upset that I said that. But but her content is actually really good. It's actually like really original content. As far as like using Tik Tok getting inspiration from her using reels and stuff like that, for she also does social media content. She has a great social media course for free. And so she shows you how to connect it to I think right here she uses it's called milkshake. And then you go to milkshake. And it has a connection to like her her free ebook or TED talk or social media course. Different things like this. And so she tells people click on this link through milkshake, I use a link on my site. Link tree is another one that you can use as well. Yeah, milkshake is super easy to use totally. And so you just say go to the link in my bio. And then you can have the link to your course or your program in your bio. And you just say go to the link in my bio to get the free program on on this how to XYZ. And that's how you can actually send people from a real or Tiktok to create leads for free. That's literally the organic strategy that Rachel Peterson shows you how to do. She's, she's way better at it than even I am. So I would invite you to go listen to her trainings, she's super good. By the way, I'm one of the I'm one of the weird coaches out there, you might notice this. I'm one of the really weird coaches and course creators where I just tell everybody to go check out all the other cool people that are on the internet that are not me, because I don't feel like I need you to buy all my stuff. And there's a lot of other great people that teach amazing things. And I want to champion everybody else on as well. Okay. I think that that attitude by the way, that's the attitude I see from Tony Robbins the most successful course creators and and and coaches they do that they champion other coaches on Okay, and so listen, if I'm recommending you go check somebody else's stuff out. I don't fully like endorse what they do. Or like say like I put my stamp of approval on everything that they post, but it's a good resource. It's something that I have learned from and I think that you would benefit from so. But I know that most coaches and course creators don't feel comfortable doing that because they feel like that they're gonna pull business away from them. I think that it actually helps others trust you more if you do that. So that's that's for free as well. Do you do private mentorship? I do. At my website, Jeremiah Krakowski calm. If you go here, again, let me pull this over so the menu right here this is the menu on my website. If you go to one on one coaching this is until the end of this year, I actually am going to keep these prices the whole year, it's $500 an hour, or you can buy a package of 12 hours for 5000. So that's my one on one coaching that I do with people. If you're somebody who's ready for that level, if you're ready to do paid coaching with me, one on one, um, shoot me a message, I used to do free calls with people. After doing close to 400, free calls, I stopped doing them at the first year. No more free calls, unless you're ready to jump in with paid coaching with me, if you're ready, and say I want to jump in, then I want to do a free call with you, at least where we talk maybe for like an hour about your goals and see if it's a good fit. I'm not even going to try to sell you, you're gonna have to kind of already be somebody who's ready to jump in at that level for me to take a call. So it's not a sales call. It's really how can we discover that type of stuff? If you're not ready for that level? How do I offer personal mentorship? Most people don't know this. And currently I do let you in on a little secret. I reply to all my direct messages and emails personally,

[1461:09] Speaker 0: right now. That's not forever. As I grow my business, that's not even going to be physically possible. But I do. I do respond to everybody. So if you just have something real quick, you want to send me a DM, don't feel like you're bothering me. And in fact, it bothers me that some people think that they're bothering me and don't send me messages and stuff. So don't bother me by not bothering me. That's what I'm here for. And I love it. Here's why you want to know why I do that you want to I offer that for free. You wonder why I do these free trainings here. It gives me more content to make. So I pull all of my content. I teach this in my social media course, I pull all of my content from the different questions that people ask me in free programs like this on free calls and DMS that I get, I don't say who asked the question. But then I start making content because then I want to attract more people that have those same questions. And so that's that's literally my strategy for social media content, is I figure out okay, how can I create an atmosphere of free event like this? Offering people to DM and message me to hear from strangers on the internet? Or some people that I know a little bit? What are their problems? What are they struggling with? What do they want to learn from me? And then all of my content is based off those questions. And and so then it attracts more people that had the same question. And then that grows my business. And that's the model that I use. That's part of the model that I use to sell. Again, we're skipping a little bit ahead here. I know a lot of people have actually logged off already that were on earlier. So I'm going to touch on that some more. Tomorrow. We're gonna keep going if there's some more questions, let me let me know any other questions that you guys have about what we talked about today about courses, about selling online about paid programs, about marketing? What's your email address, please? Hello at Jeremiah Krakowski calm. Or this is this makes it really easy is you just go to flips nuts at the bottom of my website, you go to the bottom of my website and you click contact and there's a contact form and this goes straight to me. Okay, so this goes right to my my director inbox. So you could just send me an email right here at the contact form on the bottom of my website, okay. You can also again connect with me on social media, I'd recommend all of you if you're wanting to learn about social media content and want to know how I do it. Follow me on social media. My gosh, that's That's funny. The I mean, close this is the scrolling is getting weird. That's funny. Yeah, follow me on social media at the bottom of my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. You'll see let's connect on social media. It doesn't have the Tick Tock icon on here. I need to add that you can follow my my Facebook page. I posted here on Facebook, you can send me a message on Facebook. Follow me on Instagram, on Twitter, send me a message on Twitter, on YouTube. YouTube has all my videos. You'll probably find most of my videos that I do on YouTube the most because there's a ton of videos on so many different topics right here. The amount of free content that I put out is insane that I'm almost amazed by it. I will tell you this you don't have to make as much free content as I have made. I did it more because I really just wanted to and I love making content. I would start with at least just the the 15 to 32nd videos on Tik Tok and, and Instagram. But yeah, like for like the last three years, I've done multiple videos a day to help course creators and coaches make more money. I don't think that there's as I actually don't think that there's as much free content for coaches and course creators that deal with all the issues that they struggle with, as my YouTube channel has.

[1533:45] Speaker 0: I've learned how to better share my message with people now. I used to talk really long winded about stuff. And now I've learned to bring it down. But I've been talking for almost two hours now. As you can tell, I'm, again, one of those weird people that sort of can talk forever and never runs out of content ideas. I think you can cultivate that in yourself, though. And I do teach some of that. When you're not worried about saying the wrong thing, perfectionism, and you really step into your confidence. Yeah, have you ever been in a conversation with a friend where you literally could just keep talking? Because it felt safe enough to do that? That's where I decided to be a social media except I deal with complete strangers. So LinkedIn, you can also check out check, check me out on LinkedIn as well. It's great way to first connect. Love Day One. Glad I joined five and totally resonate. Great coaching. Awesome. Yeah, so the Grow Your Life Community. That's the other thing you guys are already in the Facebook group right now, if you're watching this. It's a free Facebook group. I use the free Facebook group to connect for like free events and things like this. Basically, this is kind of how I build my email list is doing free events like this, and connect with people and find more people that I can help serve. What I love for you to buy all my programs and hire me as a coach. Sure, that'd be awesome. But I know that that's not realistic. So my entire goal is is just bring as much value to you guys as possible. For these three days on here. Do I have a paid Facebook group? Not yet, I do not have a paid Facebook group. But this free Facebook group is incredible. And my podcast episodes, if you go over to my website, again, so many lessons on the podcast that you can learn. And they go back all the way. If you scroll down, the podcast literally goes back all the way to I should actually add that to the sidebar, where it has all the months of the podcasts that you can actually go to the beginning faster. You can access it as well on Apple Music, Spotify, Stitcher, and YouTube.

[1570:13] Speaker 0: Apple musics right here. So far, we have mostly all five star reviews. One four star, that's good. So these are all like different topics on the podcast that you can listen to, in each episode, see, 18 minutes, 23 minutes.

[1576:37] Speaker 0: I'll never run out of fresh content ideas. And then you can actually post here in the Grow Your Life Group. The grow your life Facebook group that you're in right now that you're watching this in. You can actually post questions in here as well if you want to get those answered on q&a times that I do on here. But yes, in the future, I'm going to be doing a paid group. I'm going to be sharing and charging more for a lot of the stuff that I'm already doing for free of a right now a lot of it is free, because I want to connect with as many people as possible. I want to connect with as many of the right people that I'm supposed to work with, that I'm supposed to meet that I'm supposed to connect with. And so I'm using this as a way to do that and our business is growing wonderfully. By doing that and I'm starting to I am starting to charge more for stuff I'm been raising my prices. I truly think a lot of you if you haven't raised your prices, you should at least think about doubling your prices in the next month. You might actually attract more customers make more money and then you'll actually have more money to put into running advertising because a lot of people they don't run ads cuz they don't have money. So that will actually help you if you charge more. Okay. But not a paid group yet but we will be launching one this year for sure. And a lot of the free stuff I've been doing will go away almost completely. So plugin while you can to the free stuff plugin while you can while a lot of my courses are still affordable, as well. Okay, let's see what other questions do we have? I talk a lot, I'd love to short my message and keep it the quality. So okay, so yes, that's the thing. Um, listen, when you shorten your message, here's a great question about shortening your message, when you shorten your message, you're not going to touch on all of the points that you do. Because you're not going to get it all the words out, it's gonna sound silly, if you try to say all that stuff at once. So you break a long form message, you find the individual points, and you break those into separate pieces of content. So you separate out your big message into individual smaller messages, and then try to shrink those into smaller messages. And that's what creates better shortened content, right? Here's something that I want to share about that most people's capacity unless it's in an environment like this, like an event, or something that they paid for, like a course, if it's a course or an event like this, people have basically given you permission to talk for a long length of time, because they want to, they want to learn with you, they want to sit and learn from you, for a long length of time. In almost every other interaction people's attention span is almost zero. And so really, you have to honor that, and just give them bite sized chunks. And realize that their capacity for even listening to you learning, understanding and remembering what you said is really small. And so that's why you put out smaller chunks. One thing to think about is that, you know, you might not think well, my capacity is not that so why would other people be well, not everybody's you, they haven't gone through the same journey as you and and in some ways you are and others you're not everybody is like that it's it's human nature, we don't have the capacity to pay attention and focus on 100% of everything that comes our way all day long, or we'd go crazy. So because of that, bite sized chunks of one point of your topic, or even one sub point of a point, is what you want your content to be okay. And most people like they literally just they don't have the capacity to hear longer than that they don't have the attention span to. So you actually, you'll actually help people more. By making it bite sized chunks, I found that my impact grew. By doing that. When I was only doing like long form 20 minute videos every single day. I was literally doing 20 minute videos every day when I started. The great content, but like, people weren't getting past the first minute. So then I started just saying, Okay, I'm just gonna do minute videos. And now I still do I still do a 10 minute live every day. Because I really do want to. For me, it's cathartic. I think that's the right word. Think cathartic, the right word.

[1657:02] Speaker 0: Sometimes they use the wrong word, cathartic, yes. cathartic. It's cathartic for me to make a 10 minute video, so really, I do it more for me than everybody else. My impact actually comes from the shorter videos than the long form stuff. And then I'm able to lead people build trust with them, to buy my programs and to sign up for a deeper level of content. And that's where I can have a deeper impact on people listen to your job isn't to force feed your message to people. Your job isn't to try to find people and make them listen to you. No, you don't like people doing that to you. Nobody likes that being done to them, either. Okay, so keep that in mind. I am a Christian. Yes, I am. Absolutely. A lot of the clients that we worked with our ministries as well. So yes, I am a Christian. very devoted, practicing. Um, however, I'm not very religious. If that makes sense. It's a deep another topic for another time. Um, so that's why a lot of the times especially I've noticed with with Christians, evangelicals, some of the habits that we learned in church, we have to sort of unlearn And when you go into the course creation and coaching because they're they just they don't that they don't serve you in that way, I had to unlearn a lot of some bad teaching that I grew up with. That was not helpful. I grew up in a very strict evangelical church that I can honestly say, was not a good atmosphere. And I had to go through a lot of therapy after leaving. But I still love God and still pray and believe in Jesus and all that. What's your man called? I don't know what that means. I'm not married to a man. I'm married to a woman. Her name is Abigail. So if anybody thought that I was gay, married to a man. No problem. Um, a few years ago, volume, yeah, don't sell the broke people serve them. Sell the people with money to pay you. Exactly. Listen, bro, people aren't gonna pay your money. They don't have money. They just want stuff for free, they're not gonna pay you. So that's what you got to charge for what you're doing as well. If you're just giving everything away for free, again, I gave a lot I give a lot away for free. But I also charge for a lot of stuff as well. And the value of the stuff that I charge and the transformation that it brings people is huge. It didn't realize how prolific you are. Thank you. I I got inspired by the Hamilton musical where they said Hamilton never stopped writing. I feel like I'm never gonna stop making videos. Because I can literally get my thoughts out there. And create an an archive of content impact people starting an art business. Oh, what's your? Your mom? Oh, mom called not man. I saw Okay, gotcha. My mom is Sandy Krakowskie. So some of you may know who she is. Not everybody knows who she is, though. So I know that my mom is over here at a real change.com This is my mother. And her and I we were building this business together. And then 2018 I started my company we decided it was going to be a great fit if I you know, started my own brand. And she's been a great champion encouraging me. She's doing amazing as well. So if you don't plug in with her too, I mean a lot. A lot of people who plug in with me also have heard of her. I know she is. And her business does. Incredible and as impacting a lot of people, she she teaches stocks and crypto and has her Business Mastermind. See, you're very practical with showing us how to do it that makes a huge difference. Absolutely. Movies, movies. What do you mean, Margaret? An art business is interesting. Okay, so, so an art business.

[1735:00] Speaker 0: I was actually having a conversation with this. So artists, the side of your brain that does art is different than the side that builds business. And so sometimes you have to learn new habits. If you're an artist, you still have to build a community of people that will buy your art and that's really how things are, are changing and turning into is, is with art. Even movies and music, art are it's so important. You build a community of people through social media, and then you're able to offer them your art. Nf T's are another really huge thing when it comes to art. People are making incredible amounts of money selling their art on sites like open sea and NF T's and so this is a whole industry that's taken off, like hundreds of 1000s of dollars. I did a podcast episode about everything you need to know about NF Ts. If you're an artist that paints and draws, I would highly recommend you check out this podcast episode number 139 about NF Ts. Specifically, I walk you through the basics of getting started selling art that way okay. Do you use a social media scheduling SAS Okay, so yes, I do Hopper HQ is my favorite Instagram scheduling and analytics funny wasn't even London. So I use this for my text post graphics on Instagram and can do video content. One thing that you can't do is you cannot schedule tic TOCs and reels yet. So there's no scheduling SAS for tic TOCs on rails. But there is this app called preview app. So preview app lets you create a schedule, and it sends you a reminder to your phone for when to post it. Okay, and I walk you through how to use that in my social media content creation course, it live gives you a notification, okay, post your reel on tick tock and Instagram through this, but it won't do it for you. They just haven't set up that system yet. But I use the Preview app to remind me of when to post my tic TOCs and reels. And so that's the best alternative solution is the preview app for reals and tic TOCs. Because the format doesn't let you do that, you can you can schedule IG TV, through Facebook, through the Creator Studio. So the Creator Studio on Facebook, if I go to my page actually gives you a lot of scheduling ability. Creator Studio right here. So then you can actually go here. You can schedule Instagram posts as well this way. Instagram feed,

[1792:03] Speaker 0: Instagram video. And you can schedule for the future posts post through the Creator Studio, which is part of Facebook right here.

[1794:49] Speaker 0: So that's a free thing out there for that. Alright, any other questions from anybody else? You really encouraged me as I need to finish my art therapy courses. Yeah, that's the thing. Finish up your courses, finish up your programs. Don't let them become you know, the reason why you're not selling is because you haven't finished your program yet. Again, that takes self discipline that takes determination that takes holding yourself accountable. And we're going to talk about ways to do that some more a little bit. We're not going to go into as much mindset. The next couple of days this first day was really focused on that. Um, but yeah, one thing if you set out to do something, finish it, for sure. You being a movie producer, because you have so much experience making Movie video content all the time. And yeah, actually, I do have a desire to maybe not, I'm thinking there's a transition happening with the metaverse. You see the VR headset here. I would like to create virtual experiences for the future of movies. But I do have a dream to do that in the future. I know that takes a lot of money to do that as well. I'm building a team of people. But we're I'm starting to build out different connections both in that space and other things to start to do that. But I don't want to be the one filming it. I more want to direct and produce, and maybe even help find other directors and writers and help produce their visions and stuff like that. I would rather be at that level than make it all myself. I love teaching a lot. Thank you for sharing so freely. Really appreciate it. You're welcome. I was a primary teacher. But now professional artists. I believe God wants me to do art Awesome. Well, you're in the right place. The different courses on my website can help you do that as well as the podcast episodes and things like that. All right, any other questions before we close here today? If not, I'll see you guys tomorrow at one o'clock. I want you to think about as well. Anything that is inspired today. Any questions you have about creating about making your courses about selling about this process about anything we talked about? Anything that you'd like to hear about, be sure to ask them, you can post them you can share them. You can Direct Message me privately if you want to No problem. And I will see you guys. So you are a great producer direct. That's awesome. It's like an affirmation I should say over myself. I love this. You know what, yes, I am going to be no and I am going to be Oof. See, even my own bro. I'm telling you, my friends. Even I struggle with this stuff in certain areas. I do. But I have to correct myself and hold myself accountable. Y'all can hold me accountable to. I am. It's hard for me to say it. It's funny. I am a great virtual experience, film director and producer will be creating some of the most life changing experiences for people. Boom. I'm gonna start making that one of my statements and watch what happens. That's cool. I get it. It's hard for me to do it to make these im statements, but you got to push through the uncomfortability and it'll change your life. It really will. Alright, have a good one, everybody.

