Create & Launch Your Coaching Business To 6 Figures
Date: 2022-10-20T02:39:18.000Z
Duration: 84 min
Otter ID: SvHz6k8jphF2y7DGDHWoakx1YE0
---

[1:16] Speaker 0: All right. All right. All right Hello, hello, hello.

[7:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome into the VIP. Hello. Hello, how are you?

[11:00] Speaker 0: I'm good. How are you, Jeremiah?

[11:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. Yeah. Have you been liking the last couple of days?

[13:32] Speaker 0: I really enjoyed it. I've just getting to the point of like, literally doing everything. Yeah, step by step, but I feel like I've got part of it. But I have to re engineer it.

[17:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. So yeah. Yeah. Asper is like the cheat code, honestly.

[19:05] Speaker 0: Yeah. You know, I was looking at Jasper before before I met you. Because I'm writing a book except my publisher. I'm doing a children's book to about business. And so yeah, so I have all kinds of content. Forever.

[24:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's awesome. That's all I should probably pull up my camera here. What's up everybody? Talking to the man behind the curtain here like, you know, Wizard of Oz.

[27:54] Speaker 0: Anyway, I'll mute for a bit here and let you take over.

[28:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. No, hey, this is this is your time. I want to answer your questions. Any questions you got? If you got some questions, raise your hand, let me know you want to you want to ask. I know, we went over a whole lot here. And listen, the next two days is going to be even more like, focused on how do you get people in front of you? And then what do you actually say to close them? Okay. And so this is start to finish the whole process that we use in our business. That's why like, a lot of people, you know, they put these free events together, and they're like, oh, it's worth $997. I'm like, this is actually worth more than that. And it's free. And you know, so yeah, this is awesome. Now, obviously, I know you guys invested a little bit into the VIP here. So I want to honor that as well. Thank you, everybody that's on here. That's on the VIP with me. Thanks for being here. Anybody who has a question? Let me know. Raise your hand. And then we can go from there. Who's Who wants to go first? Who's got a question?

[46:50] Speaker 0: Miranda, and then we'll do Peter.

[48:15] Speaker 2: Yeah, just narrowing down. The My ideal person, like I want to help women like me heal over 50. They've kind of come through live to empty nesters and stuff. But they're wanting to reinvent themselves. So who am I now, and they have an entrepreneur bug, they want to launch something, they want to have purpose. And so I want to take them into kind of coming out of the fear and give them the courage to go Go for it. Yeah, I'm on. I'm on the ask the public and I'm trying to narrow down the words of like, who am I now? Or who can I be trying to find who they only want to work up?

[59:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Really good? Yeah, I mean, that's not the only resources that you can use. Again, you could go straight to Google and just type it in. You could go to Amazon and type some of that in as well. Who else is teaching women on this topic, I want you to also think about your own life journey. I didn't even talk about this in the main, the main session, your own life story, or people that are friends of yours that you have helped usually fit into what your target customer is going to be like. They might even be similar to a parent or a brother or sister or somebody in your life that you have helped or done life with, that you can coach people on that you've been a coach to, for instance, like my, my wife could actually build a business if she wanted to coaching actresses through sticking with their career, because her best friend is an actress who she's helped stick through her career. And she calls my wife and my wife literally coaches her up to keep going. And so literally my wife could literally create a coaching program off of that because she has done life with somebody that is her target customer. For me. I've done life with coaches, trainers, mentors and authors for the last 19 years, dedicated my time to doing that. And so That's why my niches that. So for you think about that as well dive deeper into like, what is your own story? Or what is the story of those that you've helped before?

[82:34] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's That's it. Like I reached out to your friends and few friends. And they said, Well, you help women find themselves

[84:12] Speaker 0: again, there you go. That's great. How to find out how to break that down to

[86:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: over 30. And then over over 30, and over 50 Women usually have, you know, women and men finding themselves. I know, like, that's happening that's happened with women that I know that are over 30 women that like my mom when she hit 50, like finding with a 50 year old version of herself and yeah, and growing in those different ways. And so, answer maybe, what are those desires? What are those goals, and also step into pattern recognition? Look at the pattern of anybody that you've worked with what they have in common as far as their desires, what do they want? And what solutions can you help them with specifically? So we want to get specific, not just help them feel confident? Not just what were some of those things that you had mentioned? What were some of those? Yeah,

[98:34] Speaker 2: they want, they want to have purpose, you know, who am I now, there's got to be more than just this. And, you know, they're, and they're wanting to, to launch into something either volunteer work or have a business to where they can, okay,

[101:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's cool. So they want to have an impact, they want to be able to, and here's the thing, you can make a whole lot of money, selling impact to people. Meaning selling, if you go through this, you can have impact. My client Georgia and ban off is one that did that he sells $2,297.20 $500 School for nine months, basically training people how to have spiritual impact. It has nothing to do with that making money, but he's showing them a way to have impact they, he has orphanages around the world. And so he shows people and raises them up to become leaders that might start orphanages or, or be pastors or teachers or people like that, he helps them do that. So he sells impact, basically grabbing onto what that desire is. So I think your women over 50 is how to read how to reinvent yourself and have the impact that you've always wanted. And that's a good starting place right there. And then you can really dive into you know, the psychology have you felt like your best years are behind you, and you can't do anything, have you. But you know that you have so much left in you.

[121:35] Speaker 2: Yeah, you feel like at this time, your emptiness and you feel like you're not needed. But you have all this society and you want to share it, you want to give it to people, you want to help them bypass some the holes that you that you fell into, you know, and you want to just share with the world. You want to make money, but you're hoping the impact is, is you just want to help people you want to encourage you want to help them you just want to have launched other people do because you've allowed satisfaction to have an impact with somebody.

[129:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's something that's really cool. Is what you just said I have a tool that is called Where is it, it's not pulling up my screen, it's pulling up, it's doing the whole screen there. Let's go over here. I have a tool called Mater AI that is transcribing everything that we're saying. See everything that I'm saying is being transcribed in real time. Right here, so everything that you just said is all right here. We can then take that and usually this is how I ended up coaching people in some of our group coaching calls as I take that transcript and I just paste it right into Jasper. So what you just said what I was able to pull out of you this is how I'm able to help people write their copy so quick and our group coaching program is is what we just said the recipe

[147:35] Speaker 2: there the one I also want to connection because most of the

[149:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: whoops unmute yourself again, sorry about that.

[150:13] Speaker 2: Oh, well part of it is they're needing connection because their parents have died, you know, the elder generation their families died and maybe their divorce, the kids are grown and gone. So it helps the impact gives them connection and gives them a feeling of purpose and value.

[154:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I'm gonna copy what you just said. So we just described our customer there so we can kind of skip that we can look at, okay, what keeps them up at night. They're wondering what their purpose is and how they can make an impact also concerned about their health, whether they can whether or not they're still young and vibrant. worried about financial security and retirement? Depends on if they're single or not? Single people. Okay? They're afraid of dying alone feeling irrelevant? I mean, in a big way, this describes a lot of a lot of people that I know. Yep.

[166:48] Speaker 2: Because I want to help them discover their secret talent that they forgot about in life cemented that impact. Cool. But people forget who they are, because they've given themselves away for so long that they haven't looked at themselves or studied themselves anymore.

[172:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they've been doing what for so long, they've been giving

[173:21] Speaker 2: themselves, people help, you know, children, family, parents, there's been a time for themselves to really.

[176:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what you just described really is like, it's a great, it's a great offer.

[178:21] Speaker 2: Yeah, they had, they haven't had spending time to invest in themselves or in nurture themselves.

[180:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You guys see my screen here.

[181:33] Speaker 2: And I'm worried about body image, too. I'm too old. I'm 50 pounds overweight, who's going to listen to me? Or whatever.

[183:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you could do like, women over 50 might feel concerned about what they can do in life, they feel like their best years are behind them, and how can they find significance. But it doesn't have to be that way. So here's what I like to do is I'll take this, I rewrote that first line, I pull it down to this line, and then we press the compose button. I want to help you relaunch into something that I want to help you relax into something that you're passionate about.

[195:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Kitty, let's find that secret talent that you have and make an impact. You're never too old to make a difference. What's holding you back. It might be difficult. Yep. So that literally can be the opening line of your of your offer copy is something similar to that. And then you could you know, convert the above to a Facebook ad so that it's more based on retirement. We could remove any reference to so I'll do is I'll do a search for retirement, I will remove any reference to retirement. Yeah. Because it's skewing the language.

[207:49] Speaker 2: Because it's helping them rediscover identity. Who am I now? Who can I become now?

[210:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where the above to a Facebook ad looking for a way to have impact in your later years. When you're eight years old? Do you want to Well, yeah, you decided do you want to re invent yourself? So that your best years are still to come?

[216:10] Speaker 2: Leave that legacy?

[216:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. So this gives you ideas for what to come up with what the copy is, is it does this I don't even gone into we have we have the epiphany bridge recipe where it actually write a backstory about your target customer come up with the problems, they face the frustrations, and then rewrite the copy back based off of the like, what leads somebody to the epiphany of becoming your customer. Okay, so here's how it does this. I'll usually just run through real quick on this. And this is where it taps into the emotion of the target customer is when we dive deeper into what those different problems that they face. Are. You okay?

[228:52] Speaker 2: Are you gonna send me this link? Oh, think I can redo like you just did so quickly.

[230:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, shoot me an email. And I will reply back with

[231:50] Speaker 0: with this. Can I ask a technical question while you're doing that? Yep. Just with is this a standard command set within Jasper? Like, so this isn't anything? Like can you just hold these commands out somehow right about the desire to accomplish all these things that are already in

[238:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: there? Yeah, so that's the recipe that I created. That's right here. Okay, good. Good. So it has these come in. ads that you can run, and then you fill in the blanks.

[240:45] Speaker 0: So you just copy them off of here,

[241:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: like game? Well, yeah. And what's cool is they have the reason for a recipe is you press Run, and it opens up a whole new document with them pre populated. Okay. So they have a number of recipes for different topics like emails, video scripts, nonfiction books, but

[246:16] Speaker 0: you've kind of customized it a bit for your

[246:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: own ones based off of what is what's really worked for us to create our landing pages for our customers. And sometimes I'll run the same copy the same idea through like seven to 10 times through Jasper to see the nuances that it pulls out in the storyline.

[251:04] Speaker 0: Okay, very interesting. Yeah. Because yeah, you're very fast to see, because I, it's overwhelming.

[253:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but all I'm pressing, it seems like I'm fast. I'm just clicking down and I'm pressing CTRL, Enter. And unfortunately, they haven't released a version that automatically does this.

[256:00] Speaker 0: Okay, so this is that's just like, that's the compose button.

[256:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So yeah, I'm just pressing one pressing CTRL, enter, where Jasper takes a command and then I'm asking it the command.

[258:23] Speaker 0: Oh, okay. Okay.

[259:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then we're able to go back through and create different offer ideas. Um, this is interesting. It started shaping it based around like, working with preschoolers and teaching preschoolers I'm not sure. Sometimes Jasper grabs onto like a job description. And really, like takes it to the extreme and then you're like, wait a sec, Jasper. I gotta bring you back in order. Yeah. So but yeah, you can use this to do a whole lot with with writing the copy right there. So Peter, what was your What was your question? I'm gonna hop over to that. I'll say,

[269:24] Speaker 0: yeah, no, no, that was one of them. I was just gonna ask a bit more about Jasper. But

[270:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's worth it's worth trying. Yeah. 10,000 words in the trial. And it will help you at least come up with a lot of that. Okay. I only wrote 2000 words right here in this and what what I just did?

[274:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's amazing. Randa. That was 2000 words.

[275:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, 2000 words, you could do four times that with the free trial. And then honestly, like, I think it's worth 50 bucks a month. 60 bucks a month. 2000 words. I use probably about 300,000 words a month. I love doing demonstrations on all these. So

[279:44] Speaker 0: yeah, do you? You don't? Okay, so I was thinking, for my book to gosh,

[281:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, yeah, it can help you with writer's block. If you're writing a book, it's actually designed especially in that way, it's really good at storytelling, it's really good at taking your story. And then you can do what's right here is it calls, it's a content brief, you can fill in up to 800 or 600 characters of a brief that you want it to actually write on. So if you type something in here, and you want to basically direct what it's writing, it will do that. That's a little more in depth as to how Jasper works. And there's a lot of free trainings out there in the Jasper community where they show you how to do that. They even have an artificial intelligence art generation tool that generates graphics and art. And you could create your own comic book this way you could create your own illustrated novels this way. Like for instance, you could give it any command a woman over 50 Who's volunteering in Japan at night under the city lights, helping children helping children Yeah, there you go. And then literally, you can have it generate a photo. Can you see the screen? Yeah, that's all so it starts generating photos and images that you can use for like illustration. What some of the faces are weird, so sometimes you gotta put like realistic face. Oh, okay, hyper realistic face. You can come up with anything that's asked for art is part of incredibly smart, but it'll give you ideas as far as what to look for for stock images. It's not very good with people but it's really good with objects in places the AI that just does art is a little freaky when it comes to people. Well, thank you for that because

[311:23] Speaker 0: I what I do is honor is i i when I'm writing a children's book, and it's maybe it's a hint for other people I take otter with me. And I tell this friend of mine when I'm walking the story that I've created, and I keep telling him that so it all goes in Otter but I never thought of taking my otter and jumping it right back into Jasper that's

[317:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And you can do they have a whole template to that's like the hero's journey and you can run it through and generate characters and all that which is really cool. Yeah, that so all side way of doing it. Sometimes I will craft our offers based off of a storyline of like a fiction story. Oh, cool. I'll turn our target customer into ever heard the idea of turn your customer and like the hero and their story, you actually walk people through the hero's journey in coaching. It is the hero's journey, you're walking people through a transformation to change their life. And so by telling that story back to your customer, it engages people on an emotional level by writing their story, their future for them before it's come to pass.

[328:06] Speaker 0: So that's a great way of looking at it. Thank you.

[329:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Chad, Chad, Chad, Bernard.

[330:26] Speaker 3: Aries doing. How are you? I'm good. So in the live today, you said, I think you'd mentioned something along the lines of people that need life coaching, and things like that people that are broken or people that need therapy, they won't buy it from you, because there's

[335:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're not selling life coaching and therapy,

[336:30] Speaker 3: right, so So my thing is this, so I am a life coach, I'm a registered life coach. Perfect, but but I'm trying to, to structure my offer in a way where it's an eye, sorry for the English but it's sexy enough for somebody to, to, to purchase. So my thing was, I'm trying to I'm trying to figure out how I can kind of navigate the underdog, like, you know, coaching to the underdog, and I mentioned this to you. When we first started, I'm just not sure if that is is like something someone will you know, I don't know, the languaging that I should use for that.

[348:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think we talk about what does the underdog wanting to accomplish? Yeah. What happens when they break? Because ultimately, the underdog? I mean, I here's the thing I love. I love sports. Do you like football? Yeah, cool. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So Kansas City Chiefs used to be the underdog. They're not anymore. Right? the underdog now became the one everyone wants to defeat. And that's really what you want to even speak to, in some of the language is the underdog becoming the champion?

[356:55] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.

[357:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because that's really just leading with the underdog. So I, like people know that they're the underdog. Like, like, they know that and they're not happy with that. And that's their problem. But you got to also have the solution. Listen, you don't have to be this way. You don't have to take the hand, the light that life's given you, you can change it, you can change some of that.

[362:51] Speaker 3: Right. But is that more fair therapeutic? Do you know what I mean?

[363:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: What their specific goals are. If you're just helping people that have been abused, and traumatized, and they feel like they don't have a voice, yeah, it can be but you said you're in the life coaching niche. So you can make a good income off of that. Because in the life coaching niche, you are actually, you built your business around working with people in that area, it's a little bit different, what I mean, so when we like for my business, if somebody needs therapy, and to the point that they can't, they're not capable of actually like creating their offer, and they don't like, you need to have some level of belief to create to write a landing page and a website that talks about what you're selling, you need to believe in yourself. If you don't, you literally will have a very difficult time putting any offer out there. And so I have found, I attracted in the beginning, a lot of people that needed therapy, but they weren't buyers, they just wanted to get healing, and they wanted to feel more confident. Okay, and so but who actually buys for me, people that are executing people that are that are getting on the field that are getting off the sidelines, and taking action that are building their offers, who doesn't buy from me as people that overthink the whole process? So for me, I've actually pivoted my language away from serving a lot of the people that overthink the process and serving people that don't believe in themselves because the truth is I there, they're not going to come to me to help them with that they're going to need to go to somebody else, then you might be the one that they would go to for that, for instance. Does that make sense? Well, yeah,

[390:04] Speaker 3: it makes sense. I don't want to therapy. So life coaching is actually not therapy, I would send somebody to Yeah. So I'm trying. So I don't want to I don't want to, I don't want to I don't want to like gear my offer towards anybody that needs therapy, either. I'm just trying to get away. I'm just trying to figure out a way the the the wording or the language to actually a big

[397:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of it is you just use people. People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. That's a statement that has been said over and over again. Your copy will show people that you care about certain issues they're having. And so if you're not really addressing trauma and therapy as much, you want to attract that type of person. For instance, when we ran an offer with Rick Pino, it was called the wild and free worshiper. And the copy, I thought it was great. I was like, This is gonna be fire, we're going to sell so much of this. We had so many people register, in fact, not like no sales. And I'll tell you what the copy said, Have you ever felt silenced by leaders that have told you that you can't have a voice and have you felt like people don't respect what you have to contribute, become unleashed in your worship. So those people actually needed to process through their wounds. And they weren't willing to make an investment into something to do that. They wanted to hear free training all day long, but they weren't willing to actually invest into something to solve that. And so that's why we had to go a step up to songwriters, people that are actually actively doing stuff that are actively they believe in themselves already, when we were trying to because here's the thing, Rick, he's actually he's been very instrumental in in me. And when I started going to therapy, Rick was the one who recommended me do that. Because he has this. He used to be like, pastor, a lot of people, and he had a heart to help these people. But he got to the point where he was like, I don't really want to do the ministry thing anymore. I want to build a business. And so these people that need this type of help, they're not going to make an investment. And so we need to pivot and focus on the ones that are willing to invest. And so that was people that I have, that had already been taking action, but they had hit a plateau. And so what you'll find is where people hit plateaus, but they are they are taking action. They're not letting the underdog tag, hold them back. So they've been fighting the fight. They've been working, they've been working on themselves, but they feel like they can't break through to the next level that they know is right in front of them. That might be the copy that will help you attract the right people. Okay.

[435:59] Speaker 0: Cool. Cool.

[436:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. And then that's a big part of what we do in the client growth accelerator. Sometimes I'll just go back and forth with somebody about what their offer is. And we'll work on what their angle is and their language. And people can even post in the group and do that as well. Janet green, Janet green.

[441:51] Speaker 4: Hey, guys. Great stuff. Couple of questions. Again, I just want to be clear. Otter is where we speak. Whatever. It looks like, it looked like to me, Miranda was just kind of basically laying out what her idea was. And you taking that copy from there. It was moving so fast. I couldn't really Phil's going up. Taking that copy from there and putting it over in Jasper. Yep.

[451:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. All right. So we do that we do that quite often with writing a lot of our offers, because it just saves a whole lot of time not have to type it up. Because it'll live transcribe what you're saying. And they have an app on your phone that you can use. It's called otter.ai. It's one of my favorite apps. Just for transcript. I have it on all of our zoom calls that we do to transcribe everything that we're saying that we're talking about. Okay. Okay,

[458:17] Speaker 4: so I think I have my target market pretty niche down I think cool. Um, and that

[460:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you probably do if you've if you've if you think you do, you probably do, I probably

[461:42] Speaker 4: do. Yeah. And that is a miss wrote this in the chat over in Facebook, but it's the woman over the woman over 50. My idea is to help her to lose weight, keep it off without rigorous exercising and, and strict dieting. Yep.

[469:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: My, one of my clients, Don Palacios that's very similar to her offer. She does as basically postmenopausal women that she calls her offer, take your sexy back. Okay. So, and we actually wrote that her and I worked for like eight, one on one calls. And then she coached with my mom for like, six years. So that was the result of her literally honing that in. She's a functional medicine nutritionist. But she built her offer around that exact kind of idea. And so, one really cool thing that you can do is what we call Funnel Hacking. Um, you can look at some of Don's offers that she has, she got these free offers, she got the menopause makeover quiz. Her website is over at Paul dawn.com. Oops, I sent that to Miranda, I didn't mean to send that to just Miranda, we'll post it to everybody. So Paul dawn.com. And we came up with this language because she specifically works with professional women. Okay, who feel exhausted. And so this, this basically is postmenopausal professional women, because she identified that those women have expendable money to make themselves feel better. That's why her offer is a few $1,000. And that's what it allows allowed her since coaching with me. She coached with my mom for about five, six years, struggled to make a lot of money in her coaching business. As soon as we started coaching for about a year, she shot right up to 35,000 a month with her coaching business, doing all the stuff that I'm talking with you about running virtual events, and she actually ran a couple of live events that didn't do so well. But she learned a lot about our target customer. So she spent like $300 on each event didn't want a month. They weren't producing sales. I'm like, why aren't we producing sales? Why isn't this working? You know, and she's like, as she realized two things. One, she had money blocks. And so energetically, she was blocking people from buying from her. And what that means is it's not hokey or weird. She was she was communicating in a way that that non verbally communicated to the buyer that she didn't actually believe in what she was selling. Does that make sense? Yes. And so she was communicating from a standoffish way of of doubt, and a book that really had helped her was. You're a badass about making money by Jensen zero. That book helped me help Dawn it's helped a number of my other clients that you're a badass series by Jensen zero. Love those books. They're some of my favorite books, as well as the big leap by Gay Hendricks. And so those two books are two that really helped dawn. And then she learned that a it's it was it was how she was communicating with people and her own beliefs about money. She didn't believe that she was worth people paying her 1000s of dollars. And it wasn't that she changed what she sold at all. She just believed that she was worth it. And for a lot of you, the only thing that's going to change for you to sell stuff at 997 is believing that people will pay you that much versus not believing yet. Vanessa has the book right there. One of my favorite books. Love it. Awesome. Um, so yeah, so right here, we can look at Don's offer that she has. Why work with me, registered dietitian.

[525:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: You see, she's changed this a little bit. Looks like she's running like a video sales letter now riding the roller coaster. So she's talking about riding the roller coaster of mood swings, do you feel better. So she's actually turned her offer into a video sales letter where it actually has a video, which is which is a hybrid way that we're starting to teach our clients to do, instead of having an event where people have to register, you put a video on a landing page that's like 10 minutes long, and then have them click a link to then register for whatever your thing is. So you can reverse engineered, there's there for a lot of you, especially for Janet. There's other people that are out there that help those women find other offers that are out there, reverse engineer them and look at what are the copy? What are the headlines that resonate with you that are out there as well. As you start researching this, you're going to start to get shown ads by other competitors in your market. So think about that. When you start doing market research about your offer, you will see ads for other people that teach similar stuff. So what I do is I create a swipe file of all the people that help people start build and grow coaching businesses. And I literally copy and paste their entire website, not their whole website, but like the page, like when you click the ad, I copy that all the words from their page to an Evernote document or Google notes or whatever you want to you want to use I use Evernote so I copy their whole page, these quote unquote competitors of mine and I copy it to notes. Now I'm not going to use their notes to just copy and paste to make my offer. Here's what I do. I then go back through when I'm building my offer. I go back through and I highlight which of the headlines and lines of copy that emotionally grabbed me that I know align with my target customer. I copy those to another document and I stack them together. And then I paste that at the top of Jasper and I have Jasper come up with the copy based off of these other people's offers. That they that are proven copy that are working. That's actually how I built that how I built my mom's offer. I copied 17 different stock market offers, you don't need to do 17 of them. But I copied 17 of the top stock market, people that were advertising, all of their copy and all their offers. Like, you don't need to reinvent the wheel. It's not that complicated. It's very simple when you learn how to do this type of stuff. And then I put that into Jasper, and it came up with these unique headlines. And we wrote this copy that generated $200,000 on one webinar. And she's doing the webinar again this weekend. So all right, Joy Manning.

[570:00] Speaker 5: Thank you. Jeremiah, that was actually the exact question I was going to ask you, which was, if I have seen a couple of websites that are perfect. With what I want to do, how do I use Jasper? How do I copy it into Jasper? Yeah, that was exactly I have the free trial. I think it's going to end for me tomorrow the day after. So I've been playing around. But I can't figure out how to copy and paste and then have Jasper generate its own type of thing. So

[579:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do you know how to press Ctrl C on your keyboard? Yes. Okay. And then you press Ctrl V to paste into the document. Right? Yeah. Okay, so what's the part that you're stuck with?

[583:34] Speaker 5: So when I copy and I paste it into Jasper, and I hit Ctrl, Enter, it doesn't, it copies the exact same thing. It's not rewriting it, I don't know what I'm doing wrong. If I paste something into, yes, I have the I had had the boss vote. And so I wasn't sure if there was another command that I'm using that I should use on my highlighting the entire thing. And I'm hitting like control

[591:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the end of the sentence of whatever the command is, and then press Control Enter.

[593:42] Speaker 5: So if it's a whole page that I copy, do, I highlight the whole page and then a put at the end of the page that's highlighted in Jasper hit control. And so

[596:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing, too, is Jasper can only look back, they can't look at it in like an entire page all at once. That's okay. So that's one thing. And so it is limited. That's why I say highlight off of the pages that you're copying, highlight single lines and sentences that grab you, Oh, I see. Because then what you're creating is you're basically creating like the greatest hits of all these pages, okay, then feeding that to Jasper. And so like if I if I also you want to make sure to remove any like bios, like bios of other people, any testimonies. And so for instance, here's here's some copyright here that I can copy off of a page from a, from a pretty closely aligned like competitor that's online, to what I teach, she teaches you how to make money selling courses, she has a pretty good offer, I liked her copy as well. So I copied it to Evernote. And I can paste this right here. And I can go through and it will generate some of these different like answers right here. What keeps them up at night, they're not sure how to create a course they're not sure it'll be successful, they're afraid. This is what all you guys are dealing with.

[616:37] Speaker 5: So what are you copying in this into your recipe? Or is this into a blank document?

[618:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I generate the recipe and then I put that data at the top of the recipe.

[619:12] Speaker 5: Okay, that's what I wasn't doing because I don't have the recipe I was copying and pasting it to like create a blank document.

[621:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, if you do that, yeah, then you just gotta type in your, your, your command, like write a headline based on the above.

[623:28] Speaker 5: Okay,

[623:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see. You could put this what is the deep I love this one psychological root cause of someone who would buy into the above offer and what trauma have they experienced? A need for self improvement. Perhaps they were bullied as a child had low self esteem. So that could be you know, you can dive deeper into different root causes of things. We could we could take this right here. What is the psychological root, fear of the above fear of failure fear of paralyze being paralyzing for people, the fear of failure can keep people stuck in their situation over and over again. So it generates like different answers based off of that that's why the rest of He's gonna help guide you. Because they they generate better answers than really you can come up with on your own. So then you can go through here and figure out okay, what are their fears? What are their frustrations, right headlines. And then the PBIS framework is where it really gets fun because it's problem agitate solution. All right. Hopefully that answers your

[646:24] Speaker 5: question. We get a link to the recipe to your risks. Tonight. Yes, it does. Canada Yeah. To your recipe.

[648:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: They definitely, I've, it's funny. I probably pasted the I probably paste the link like 100 times on these sessions. I just learned that like, I'm just going to spam it to people. Because I post it everywhere. Nobody seems to be able to know where it's at. Let me go, let me go put it in the group here. Try to put it in the group. While we're while I'm doing that. Let me take an SSH question.

[657:25] Speaker 6: Yeah, it didn't. I think it's because it didn't click yet your mind. It takes a minute. You know, as common peasant people, we will be taking the mouse over and hitting trace. So when I was watching it happen, and you're putting out Ctrl, Alt or whatever, it was just like

[662:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I the only reason I do it so fast is because I'm limited in the time I have here. Oh, yeah, I'm not. Yeah, it's I can demo it to people a lot quicker that way.

[664:47] Speaker 6: Yeah. I mean, I know it's no criticism. It's just as pleasant. So be here like, but I mean, that right? There is magic in and of itself that you're sharing, which I don't know if everybody else is I'm sure everybody else is picking it up. But I'm over here like my mind is blown every day. And I'm struggling to come up with my questions. But mine's kind of more logistical I guess. Because in my situation, like I've heard you talk about Squarespace and all of that. And I've built my website and everything on Wix, which I'm currently having a problem with, but which I'm trying to figure out if that's, like, kind of like a sign from the universe, I need to get away from Wix. Or

[674:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not a big fan of Wix. Um, I saw your website, I went and checked it out.

[676:22] Speaker 6: So here's my problem is is I started out with one, immediately off the jump, I realized that I wasn't branded very well. And so I changed my website name just to my name, right, because I hadn't named website. And so what I did was I bought my domain domain from Google. And then I forwarded it but for some reason, it's not forwarding it shows in Google that it is anyway, I'm having this whole big thing with it. And so I don't want to bog you down with that. But I did want to ask like, should I just take my website and just make the front page the landing page and just go for it right there and like, create my offer now and make a

[685:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: payment, you can make a page on your website, you don't have to blow the whole website up. Here's the thing with websites. Now these days, people don't really check out websites, coaches, to buy into stuff. They click on offers that they see on ads and on social media. And they opt into those website now what we call them. Russell Brunson has been branding this funnel hubs. So basically, your funnel starts with your offer. Your website is a funnel hub. Like my mom's website, links to the different funnels that she has, right, especially for coaches, trainers, mentors, it's not the same way for every niche. It's not the same way for every industry. But for coaches, trainers and mentors, really, what you want is your website is just linking people to your offers, right? You just every page has a link that moves them to an offer you want all roads lead to some offer where you get them on your email list. And that grows things by doing that by getting people on your email list. By the way, you will make 44 to 44 times off of one person on your email list. It takes 44 people on your social media to equal the value of one person on your email list. Right?

[704:38] Speaker 6: I'm seeing that I see that. Yeah, for sure. And the value

[705:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: of your email list is is is is is huge. You don't need a big list. I have 1800 people on my email list.

[707:26] Speaker 6: Well, I'm gonna tell you this is for me my trigger on everything is I'm a don't send me a bunch of emails person. And so I've been very standoffish about sending too many emails and I'm realizing now that that's one of my downfalls. Right Am I that I mean yeah, making the offer, always making the offer.

[714:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I usually I usually would reserve this for my higher level coaching group, but I I feel like you can you can handle it in here. As you as you you have to email your list a lot. Because here's the thing, you want them to unsubscribe from your list. You want the people that are not the right people. Hold to get off your list.

[720:23] Speaker 6: I love that sound. So, yeah, I needed that reflected back.

[721:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the businesses that are making the most amount of money, they email their list at least once a day. Okay, and when you're making a promotion, sometimes three to four times, like I like when y'all are in this thing. I want to keep reminding everybody you got the session coming up, you got this coming up. Yes, the truth in a session like this during a session like this, nobody unsubscribes till the end of it. I can literally send out four emails a day, during an event like this, right? I've done 10 of them, not a single unsubscribe until the end of the last day.

[729:54] Speaker 6: Right? Because that's your call to action for the $1,000 being and they're like, Oh, what is that right?

[731:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no, it's not that it's just they like people actually like being reminded to consume what they've bought. Why don't people actually like that? I'm reminding them. Well, yeah, and that's the thing. You might not like that. But a lot. A lot of your I don't like it either. Yeah. But this isn't about what we like, right? This is that's also why we're the coach. We're the leader. Right? Okay. So but but but people in general, in your market, I used to be the same way, I was afraid of emailing people a lot and pissing them off and bother them. I used to get nasty letters to people, they're like, you are just ridiculous, Jeremiah for emailing me so much. But those people never bought from me. So again, this goes back to who are your buyers, right? Your buyers will love to hear from you in the email multiple times a day. And here's the thing in my business, because I'm teaching email marketing and copywriting, my buyers like my emails, because it gives them a swipe file to use for their own marketing. So you can actually use my emails, copy them and put your information in there. And you already have all your emails written up.

[749:46] Speaker 6: See, and I'm starting to I'm starting to see that but I mean, I haven't been like you're literally the first coach that I've even opted in on. I know that sounds crazy. I'm not kidding. Like I because energetically I know when somebody's for me when they're not. Yeah, it's a very fast thing. And so it's a good thing, though. Yeah, I knew that you work the way that I do. And I need someone that works, how my brain works and how I operate so that I can you know what I mean? Because other everybody else didn't connect. So sense. So on my so my website itself, then, like I was looking at your front page, right? You have like your boom, yeah.

[760:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't adjusted it much.

[760:48] Speaker 6: What I think it's incredible. Your next your next thing is your offer. Yeah, right, that you're doing right now. So I know I again, I'm probably pulling out, you know, some, some of your other stuff. I'm like pulling you into this now you're gonna have to add I love it. So whenever, whenever you're, you've got that offer up, do you keep that five day saying until you like switch to a whole nother usually

[768:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: we only promote one offer at a time. Okay, so that's one thing is you only really have one offer that you're pushing people to at any given time. Okay, and you do, you can do it in a cycle, you can cycle your offers. When you're really like maxing it out, you could do a new offer every four days. And that's the cycle that like it takes a while to get there. Most people won't hit that. So they're making a few million dollars. Okay, I'm doing it where I have like at least a different offer each week. And that's the multi six figure realm, I was doing one offer a month. And that got me to multi six figures. So one offer a month is where most of you can start with and doing that. And here's the thing, you want to have what's called a feedback loop. Your your one offer that you create isn't always going to be the same offer that you run, because you want to get feedback from your target customer and then tweak it slightly off of what people are saying, for instance, the transcript on on these q&a calls is this is I've done this five day event three times in the last three months.

[786:54] Speaker 6: Okay, that's what I want to ask you. How long have you been in this?

[787:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, um, this one is the best one. The questions that I'm getting in the VIP, are the best questions I've had,

[790:08] Speaker 6: which means that you're getting better at narrowing down your right market,

[791:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: or your but now what I'm going to take is I'm going to take all the questions that you all have been asking me these five days, and I'm going to change the messaging of my whole business, right? Based off of that, because I've gotten some new feedback by analyzing a subset of people by analyzing the data and it's just me tapping into the psychology of who are the people and here's the one that I'm always looking at, okay, after this. You know, who ends up becoming a purchasing client, a purchasing customer, and so on? No that in about a month is who that is. And so then I pay attention to what questions did that person ask? Right? What problems did that person have? And I designed all of my offers around the buying people. Right? Like, Ave here. Ave. How do you say your name, man?

[805:04] Speaker 6: I know, I was thinking.

[805:39] Speaker 7: How do you say you perfect Arby's? Okay.

[806:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Are they? Okay, perfect. All right.

[807:13] Speaker 7: That's changing my name. i That's why I said yesterday, I'm going with a new name. Okay. Anyway,

[808:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. So like you came in you purchased our, the program. And the questions that you've been asking have been amazing. Here's what I found, like, what you were even sharing, you know, some of our even our background and how we were raised is pretty similar. And so because of that, I realized I need to lean in more, because I really think that a lot of people that are called to be coaches, they they grew up, maybe in a very in a very critical environment. But they want to help other people live a better life, and have a better life than they have. And so that's part of my target customers avatar, that's part of the identity of my target customer. And so really getting into the mind of your target customer, you learn what their desires are, the more you work with people. So the more people that I have a face to face interaction with over zoom, both in my paid coaching, my one on one coaching, my free events, the VIPs at the events, I'm always looking at, okay, who goes further up the chain? Like my 101 clients are making multiple six figures, all of them are because they are doing the work.

[827:48] Speaker 5: Right? Right.

[828:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not everybody is doing the work in my group coaching program, but they're doing their best. And I'm working with them through that. Why is not everybody doing the work in my group coaching program, because it's less interaction? For the people who've invested for one on one coaching with me, there's more accountability to where they know, when they schedule a coaching call with me, I'm gonna ask them, What did you get done? And they need to show that, and we'll go based off of that. So does that help, Vanessa?

[835:52] Speaker 6: Yeah, it does. I mean, I'm still I'm, I guess, in my head, I'm thinking, you know, to not because I am not a huge fan of constantly editing my website. I'm trying to think smarter, not harder. And so do I use like, my flash, you know, like, I have a flash pop up, do I use that for my offer, because that's really easy to just go boom, change.

[842:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: What you'll what you'll notice with your author is because you're just making one offer is you'll tweak that offer, you won't change the whole thing, you'll just tweak the graphic and the date to run it again, the picture and change out some of the texts and stuff. And just basically, if once it's working, you run the same thing a few times over and over again, until it stops working, and it will stop working the way that you want it to. And you have to reevaluate. Now that's a that's a deeper, like, nuanced question. Why does it stop working? Because when you put an offer out multiple times, and you follow my system, if you're investing enough money in ads, you'll tap out the people that have that certain problem, right? And that's why then you got to dial in the nuance of the problem of the buyers and create new offers.

[855:19] Speaker 6: Yeah. So Irina Irina, if you don't mind, I can give like an example. Because this may help everybody else to hear this. But like, I did a, I did a three day intensive, which was kind of weirdly oddly similar to your program here. But I really was just kind of coasting, I didn't know what I was doing. I just thought I need to build up right. And I kept thinking, I need to build up to prepare people for the three day intensive, because it's going to be a lot of information at once. Yeah, so what I did was, is I got a Facebook group together just for the event, right? And then everybody came in there. And then every day I was posting something, some kind of content. And basically, my concept was sold at home. And I marketed it as helping people and selves sabotage, right? And they but they didn't know what the outcome was going to be all they knew was I'm gonna get be able to get rid of self sabotage because I didn't think about delivering results, right? I just said if you want to, in self sabotage, come into this group. And so all those people came falling into the group. And then for days, you know, on I would pop on for like a couple of minutes and be like, Hey, guys, I'm so excited about this event. I'm so excited for you know, the delivery or whatever. And so I kept doing that for like a week, but leading up to the event. So for three days, it was really intensive and I gave them kind of my program or my concept of being sold at home meaning bringing your power back to yourself and stop giving it away. Stop being so out or focused and so on. So this multilevel I layered message. And what I did was is I just attacked it from a self sabotage standpoint. But now I can take that same content context, and I can attack it from a different angle, you know what I mean? So, exactly. So that's what I did. And so whenever I saw what you were doing, I was like, holy moly, if I would have taken that, right, and let that just be free, because I charged $88 for the entry for the three day intensive, but every the group and all the content in it up until then was free. At $8, every person showed up,

[889:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is another model, that's good to do that to prequalify people is to charge for those intensives that's one way when when the free one stop working, you start charging for it. And so that's why I like Rick Pino, we had to start charging for his launch or music, one, because a lot of the people that were signing up for the free one weren't buyers, they were just wasting his time. So then, that's when he realized, Okay, now we gotta go level up, we're gonna charge for it, we're just gonna mark it the higher level one, and then create a whole loop that loops back to the lower level, leading people from a one day webinar to a paid offer. Okay, yeah, I don't, I don't want to everybody

[899:03] Speaker 6: hope that like, you guys, I did that without an ad, I just did that off of my social media alone. And, and I didn't email, I didn't do any of that. It's just because I kept going live. And I kept showing up and telling people what I do and who I am and demonstrating my abilities to people. And then they came in. So now looking back, and realizing the wealth of information that was in. I could have that could have been my $1,000 Deal. Oh,

[906:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally 100% Like, because what you're gonna find is you can only help people up to a certain point. Right? So what I help people with on these trainings is, I have it up to a certain point where I know that people can grasp it. Right? And then we take it way deeper and execute and all that when people coach with me,

[912:16] Speaker 6: I have one last question. So can I go back because I have that event? You know, of course, everybody's out of the group now. And I kept that group with my content in it, because it all my lives are in there. And I know I can download my lives. But I was wondering, can you like take your live video and then put otter AI to that? Does that work?

[917:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can Yeah, you can reverse engineer it and do that. And we do that often with our content to pull out of it like bullet points of what was taught to create like a an outline. So I want to take these last two questions here. Yes. Sorry, guys. We're at the top of the hour. Diana.

[923:19] Speaker 8: Okay, Am I unmuted?

[923:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Okay,

[924:10] Speaker 8: so I have a question about, um, you know, the world of controversy right now, because it seems like no matter what you come on with, you're gonna have somebody who wants to argue with you in today's culture. And I'm kind of in a little bit of a controversial niche, and I with freebies, you get a different kind of person than you do with paid programs. My question is, when you get people who want to argue with you, or want you to dive heavily into an area, like they want to take you off track of what you're talking about, Sandy? Sandy is like the queen at this right? I've been with Mama Sandy for many years, and they go, I know even with you and the way you're trying Noram different what do you do?

[935:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just ignored them. I just I just like, be nice. Give them a thumbs up and say awesome. Next question.

[937:52] Speaker 8: So you don't engage at all or

[938:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you literally choose to not engage learning that by that this is a huge thing. Part of boundaries is deciding. I will not engage with somebody that pulls me out of my highest state. And that's one of the hardest choices that you can do. Especially if you're somebody who is raised like as as a pleaser as a people pleaser, yeah. As somebody who like I don't want to especially especially if you're somebody who feels like your voice was silenced by others. Especially if you feel like your opinion was invalidated. For me growing up, I used to feel like I didn't have a voice. I didn't have permission to speak up. I wasn't allowed to ask questions and I wasn't allowed to question things that we were experiencing. My mom and I were talking about this today we I was literally crying on the phone with my mom talking about this growing up and hurt. I both been through healing and her own therapist and my therapist and all this and and you know, we want to honor other people's opinions, sometimes too much that then we end up letting them pull us back into that place with them. And one of the most powerful things that you can do for your business is to not engage with those rude people that want to argue with you. You don't need to enter into every fight that you're invited into. Does that make sense?

[964:01] Speaker 8: Yeah. It makes Yeah. Like, yeah, I hate conflict. You know, a lot of people avoid my husband is opposite to me. He loves conflict. He's, he can talk to anyone. I really admire him for being able to do that. And it's, it's tough because like you said, you feel like if you get a really strong personality, like I really not like my My thing is dyslexia, homeschooling teaching in a very different way than what mainstream teaching teaches. And so you know, everybody, there's a lot of controversy in that field and homeschool mamas can be some of the most vicious people out there. Now

[973:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: they can I know they can tough. Here's, here's what I would say. I used to be somebody who hated conflict. Now, I've learned too, that it's necessary. Conflict is a necessary part of life. And if there is no conflict, what are we standing for? What do we believe in? Right? Yeah, you know, so conflict does exist to have a world of no conflict is kind of, I'll check that book out. Yeah, to have a world of no conflict. There's no real like, reason for people to even grab on to a certain message or an idea. But with that, you don't have to enter into conflict with people unless you want to, and here's what I'll usually do, is I'll say, is this conflict necessary? For my goals? And 99.9% of the time? It's not? Yeah, sometimes it can be. You know, I was at my brother's wedding saw my dad there, I wanted to be there to support my brother. And so it was necessary for me to be around a an environment that maybe was not free of conflict, being around my dad that I hadn't seen in six years, because to show the support to my brother who is getting married. So sometimes we can't avoid the conflict. But you know, I, I chose to not, you know, not get into deep, like conversations with him, because that's what he wanted. And I heard that it was, I heard some stuff. So that's all I'm gonna say about some things that he was saying. So. And I'm not I'm not there for it. I'm not I'm choosing that, that my energy being protected, meaning my health, my mental health, what I think on what I focus on, if anything, gets me off track, from my highest state of mind, which is happiness, joy, peace, love, compassion, kindness, and anything that gets me into anger, frustration, disappointment, while those are all human emotions that we that we need to not neglect, and not ignore, don't ignore those emotions. But if you find yourself in a situation that every time that you're talking to somebody, or in a situation where they say something, where you start feeling that way, it's okay to remove yourself, and to not retrigger yourself, and there also might be some things to to heal from and to work through in that so that those triggers aren't as powerful. One of the big triggers for me is as I used to, I used to have a lot of people tell me, this is so silly, but they would tell me that I had no, no right to teach or coach people on what I'm coaching on. And it used to actually, like really trigger me when they would say that because I'm like, I would go into this state of feeling I have to prove myself to them. And learning that I don't have to prove myself to anybody that I go, where I'm celebrated, not merely tolerated. That I put myself into rooms where people celebrate that I'm there. Not where they are there to be angry that I'm there. Now, here's the thing. You're going to have people that are gonna be angry, they're going to start fights, they're going to start conflict, things like that. You can't help that you can't control other people. You can't control what other people do. But when you learn to not acknowledge somebody, somebody who's trying to start a fight, they they are fueled by your response. And so when you choose to not respond, they're diffused and they have no power in that situation.

[1035:04] Speaker 8: Do you feel like as your niche gets better, you get better at honing in on your people that you don't have these issues near 100%?

[1037:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yeah, they have. They have pretty much dropped off and disappeared. I had a comment on one of my posts today guy told me that I Oh, What did he say his words he's like, Jeremiah your post is proves that coaches don't know how to write and don't know how to actually communicate. And and a whole bunch of people literally commented back to him and like, bro, you're crazy. You're nuts. Like this is one of the best posts that Jeremiah has made. And so literally my audience is like telling him like, I made the the analogy of like, if you were a builder, and you were obsessing over what tools and you were crying over that like, and he's like, Well, I am a builder, and I would never do that. So your point doesn't matter. And I'm like, Okay. Have a good one.

[1047:52] Speaker 8: People, your people start battling for you. Yeah, yeah. Like people

[1048:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: call them to either.

[1049:30] Speaker 6: Can I can I tell you this, Diana, I went through the same thing. When I first came online where I because I'm, I'm a little bit controversial in what I'm doing. So there was a lot of people that were doing that with me when I would go live when I would share information, whatever. But the way I was getting the worst kind, like they wouldn't even say something on my live to where other people could defend me. They would, they would hit my inbox. And so for me being a person who's very personable, and loves connection, I was really struggling at first. But I just wanted to give you this kind of vision of like he said, confrontation is going to be part of this. And conflict is part of it, you're going to have to learn to confront sometimes. And there is times that you could have a bugaboo, even like I've had some people that got really weirdly obsessed with me. And I had to almost like just block them out,

[1063:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: too. And so men and women difference between

[1064:18] Speaker 6: a maker and a peacekeeper. Yeah. And if you're always trying to keep the peace, you're not really having peace. You have to make peace, right with your enemies. Making peace with your enemies looks completely different than just going, Oh, well, I'm too happy to engage with you. Because life is full of conflict. Right? You got kids that fight all the time. It's almost kind of the same thing when you're working online. Because online people aren't, they don't have that boundary of your physical presence. Like if you if I piss you off, you might punch me in the face. If we're in real life, you know what I mean? But online, people are like, just all they feel like they can say and do whatever. Yeah, right. So you do kind of have to Jeremiah, I love that. He's saying things like build a thick skin. Those things were like, he could give you all these tools and stuff. But

[1077:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's, yeah.

[1078:14] Speaker 8: Well, I have my husband and I have political websites. I mean, we're used to getting slammed in that realm. But when I'm working in my other realm, it's like, I'm not expecting it as much, you know, but it does happen. So

[1081:10] Speaker 6: you're teaching them you're teaching those mothers, as much as you're teaching kids, like you have to understand you're teaching them by you because you have a different methodology that doesn't make sense to them doesn't make it wrong. And you're teaching them something, right, because I feel like we probably click on that level like you're unschooling. Yeah, for addition is schooling. But you're unschooling? Well, I do the same thing with spiritual, you know, educate. I say, you don't have to find your deity. First, you need to find yourself and then figure out who your deity is. And I don't care who you're serving, it can be the purple spaghetti monster in the sky. If it's causing you to be more self aware, and be happier full of joy and love. Oh, that's so true. I love I don't care who you're following.

[1093:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I became Yeah, I love what you just said I became closer my walk with God when I learned to like myself that part because I thought that God didn't like me. And I became closer to God and Holy Spirit by actually learning to like myself realize that God actually liked me to see. Mirroring. Yeah, I did try it. I was like, man, like, I know that like, Okay, God, Spirit love me. But like, I don't feel that way. It was because I didn't love me. Because I wasn't raised. I was actually raised the religion that I was raised in taught me that it's holy to hate yourself. And that you actually can't connect with God unless you completely hate yourself. And that's not a healthy way of of operating, or thinking.

[1104:59] Speaker 6: And then I didn't grow up in religion. Yeah, I have a different I have a completely, you know, I totally, you know, be here like, oh, I can, you know, and be and so when I entered Christianity, I was kind of like a case study. Right? Like, I walked into the church, and I went, What's going on here? Because I've been connecting to it since I was five years old. So you see, I'm saying it's just the wife too. Yeah, you're coming from a completely different way of thinking. But if you personalize it, it's just about it's a battle of the mind and battle of the wills. But that allow yourself to be the teacher in that moment, too.

[1114:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So what I'll say to this is when I say okay, I'm gonna choose to not engage. Here's the thing I had somebody message me two days ago, conflict related. I got triggered for like four hours, couldn't write. I had to write copy for a client that had paid me for grant. They had a debt line of midnight. That person wrote me and it triggered something in me that now I went to work on. And I've been talking with my therapist about. And I told my mom about and I told my wife about and I'm like, listen like this person, and ended up healing something in me by talking about it with people in my life. But what ended up happening was that person they wrote me, I didn't respond back to them. And I still got triggered. So I knew that if I responded back, it would have gotten worse. So I chose to not engage, because here's the thing. I have a copywriting client that has paid me and they're expecting something from me. And so I need to actually prioritize, okay, if engaging with this person's conflict is going to take me out of that. And now I can't provide for my family. It's not worth it. Amen, brother. So hopefully that that helps encourage you, Diana, thank you. Awesome. All right, Andrea, last question of the day.

[1134:50] Speaker 9: Thank you, Jeremiah. So I have a comment and a question. First, work first, I just want to say that on Monday, I decided to become a coach. And your training has been so simple. It's kept me out of my head. And it's helped me take quick action. And so I wanted to share with you. I was listening to the training on niches, and I had my papers out and I was starting to, like, highlight everything. And I realized I was like in my head. So I just immediately did my first 10 Close it up to 24 hours. I went and watched a movie then today, I just wrote three things down.

[1145:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is crazy right now. Yeah, watching doing something fun. And then you come back to it literally sparks the creativity.

[1147:55] Speaker 9: Yes. And so then my question is, as I saw niches that I've wondered, Is it okay to like combine two?

[1150:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Most people end up combining two to three. Okay. Yep. And then that's what makes them really unique. Okay, yeah, it's kind of combining two to three. Like, for instance, I would say a lot of my coaching does combine a lot of the different areas of boundaries and walking in your power and learning to find your voice. That's a big part of what I help people with, because then that's directly related to copywriting, sales, and getting customers. Because if I can help activate you to where you feel confident, on video, selling what you're doing, and you fully believe in yourself, you will make money. When you break past the self doubt, and all the things that people have been telling you for these years, and you learn, and you realize that like I am amazing, I am valuable people, people come from far and wide to pay me 1000s of dollars. That's an affirmation right there. People come from far and wide to pay me 10s of 1000s of dollars to work with me. But not says right? Yeah. Because here's the thing, when you start saying that in your life, now, yes, it does take you then putting that faith into action. If you just say I am attracting 10s of 1000s of dollars, you sit on your couch, that's not gonna do anything. But here's what I found. Because I tried to prove this for years, I tried it. I tried to not do affirmations and just do strategy back when I used to work for Danny Johnson, I actually made really good money doing that, because I got a good strategy. I made like $750,000 in affiliate marketing, just randomly doing that. And then I lost it all. literally lost all the money, because I didn't believe in myself. And at the beginning of this year, I started saying affirmations that started at the beginning of this year, and I raised my rates of my business. And since then it's been month after month after month of growth. And here's what I do, as I'm programming my brain, I'm programming my subconscious mind of what my actions will be. And so I'm suggesting to myself, what I want my identity to be in the area of finance and business. When we talk about identity, there's a lot of different topics on this. For me, I believe that I am a spirit in a human body temporarily. That's my identity in that part of that and my purpose is to generate millions and billions of dollars to impact people with that money. I think that that's a small part of what I was created for of why I'm here right now. And so with that, I speak those affirmations and and it brings into my brain the alignment of as if it was a reality and what I like to do is I do those affirmations before bed, and when I wake up because your brain is operating at a different frequency to where it's more open to suggestion, you're more open to suggestion first thing in the morning, and when you and when you go to bed. And so when you say your affirmations At those times, your end, you actually programming your brain more than you would throughout the day to remember that and to wake up in that state of mind. And then when you start planning your day, you start planning your business, you go out there to come up with your niche, and what you're going to do, you start making decisions as somebody who's already generating that much money, even though it already hasn't. It's not in your bank account yet. But you start acting as if already and and what it is, is it's an act of faith. And I liken this to there's a stuck in a story in the Bible, where Jesus asked Peter to walk out of the boat, he didn't know that he could walk on water. He had to step out in faith, even in the face of uncertain failure, and just do it. And so I liken that to in building your business, you got to step out, there's going to be risks that you take, you're going to step out, you can't guarantee that it's going to work. But when you step out, and the activity of motion, taking action, moving your body, your feet, your mouth, your hands, putting your your your physical body into motion, will translate to the results that you want in your life. And then that's what we have mentors and coaches for us to help guide us along the way to help us say, okay, you know, am I on the right track here? Am I on the right track here, people that have gone before us people that have already experienced success that can help guide us to save us from years of struggle and frustration.

[1230:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why I call my mom while I'm building this business. And I asked her cuz she, she's like, she doesn't she doesn't coach anybody. But she she is my coach. I call her up. I say, Listen, I'm dealing with this in the sheet. She told me today she's like, You know what, Jeremiah? I think you need to go after a higher caliber of client. He says, You've been helping people about creating and launching their coaching business, I think you need to go after the people that have one that wants to scale to millions. And I'm like, no, because I tried to do that two years ago, and nobody bought from me. I tried to market to people that already had businesses, and nobody purchased from me. And the truth was, I wasn't putting my offers out there. I wasn't living what I was teaching, even though I could help people do it, I wasn't a product of my own product. And so as I become a product of my own product, I'm attracting more people now that we're making multiple, six figures passively in our coaching business. I'm attracting people that want to get there because I've proven it, I'm living it, I'm living proof of it. And I've helped many other people do the same. And so that's a big part of why you got to actually start doing the work. And finding out who your tribe is and who the people are that really resonate with you. And that will help you start to grow your business, not mapping out your course not mapping out your training first, launching your offer first. And then creating your course and coaching as you go. That's why that's the best way to do that. All right, everybody. Does that help, Andrea? Awesome. All right. I'm going to log off here. We got day for tomorrow. This is awesome. Some great people on here. Like I said, this is the best group of people that I have had. Abby was on the last group this is could you can you tell this group is a little more? I'm grabbing on to what I'm throwing down.

[1264:28] Speaker 7: I said it right right now on the chat. And I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it. Yeah, I feel it. I'm a witness to this. And I would like to say well, I'm from the last pass who last batch was the brightest but no, this one is.

[1269:07] Speaker 6: He may he may be I felt like you're an employee in the making though. Like I really I'm really I'm serious. I think that you I think he had he makes a perfect complement and like a support to you. I don't know could just be me. No

[1273:20] Speaker 7: won't be an employee won't

[1274:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: know he's gonna make way too much money in his in his coaching business. Yeah.

[1275:22] Speaker 6: I haven't heard what your coaching is. Tell him throw us your elevator pitch.

[1276:49] Speaker 7: Yeah, it's not there yet. No, no, you got it.

[1278:05] Speaker 6: This is your opportunity to just jump in. This is your safe space. Here's

[1279:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing. How about how about I five you come and tell ought to Yes,

[1280:08] Speaker 7: yeah, no, no, I have a better thing to say, gentlemen, here it is. You all sign up on CGA? And I will tell you.

[1282:15] Speaker 6: I told you that that sounds like an employee.

[1283:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Make sure that you guys at least get on the waiting list when I do open the doors to that again. Ah, it'll be it'll be awesome. There will definitely be a few of you that will jump into that.

[1286:29] Speaker 6: I'm trying to

[1287:30] Speaker 7: awesome. Can I just quickly, you know, just pray for 30 seconds or less in the name of Jesus, I pray this that's my fate. You don't have to agree with me in the name of Jesus. Father, God bless each one of us. And a revelation of your blessings be given to each one of us on a continual basis starting this moment onward.

[1292:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: A Wow. Thank you. So hey, I love it. I love it.

[1294:20] Speaker 0: Praise Praise God.

[1294:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. This has been good everybody. This has been day number three. We're going to do day four tomorrow. We got two more days of this is awesome. This is why this is what's fun is like it's a little hard. Those are fun.

[1300:44] Speaker 6: Where did you get those? Please? Did you make those?

[1301:58] Speaker 9: No, someone sent them to me. But you can make them there's all kinds of stuff.

[1303:24] Speaker 6: That would be so much

[1303:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: fun for us is really fun.

[1304:34] Speaker 9: Oh, you know things glued to dock. No we

[1305:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: do. And hey, here's here's the thing. The Oh Joy says it's from 100x Awesome. What is it? Oh, very cool. Yeah,

[1309:01] Speaker 8: I have a meeting tomorrow night, so I can't come but I'm gonna miss all of you. Oh, I'll be here on Friday. So yeah.

[1311:02] Speaker 6: Okay. All right. This has been so wonderful. Jeremiah, thank you so much. Yeah, yeah. You're welcome.

[1313:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited for tomorrow, this is going to be amazing. Hey, listen, there's gonna be up to miss tomorrow, the recording is in the is in the is in the VIP area that you get, you'll be able to watch the recording. I'm hoping to get them up within 24 hours might take a little bit longer than that. But we'll be getting the recordings. And that's the thing you guys get that to go through as well. You know, that's, that's your resource that you get for investing into this VIP. For me. I think that like what I priced the VIP is a it's very cheap. But it allows me to provide a lot of value to the right people that I want to work with. And the price is priced. I'll just I'll just give you a little bit behind the scenes. It's priced so that basically pays for my ad spent. So the VIP ends up paying for what I spend on ads, which is super cool. So the VIP and then my jasper affiliate usually does.

[1328:23] Speaker 0: You know, I figured Yeah, I

[1328:56] Speaker 6: wanted to know about Jasper affiliate or I mean, what's the

[1329:56] Speaker 0: URL for that? Yeah. Your affiliate? I haven't signed up yet. I mean, go

[1331:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: through. Yeah, the free trial link is their affiliate link. Oh, the free Anybody can sign up for it. They just got $125 million investment. Wow. And got valued at 1.5 billion. They became a unicorn in 18 months there, man. I I started using them

[1336:39] Speaker 7: 17 months ago.

[1336:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I've been using them since they started. I got I was one of their first customers. Oh, yeah.

[1338:32] Speaker 6: He emailed his link his affiliate link. So the one that he emailed Peter is the one that way he gets Yeah,

[1340:24] Speaker 0: yeah, that's what I want to make sure you get the credit for it. So

[1341:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, perfect. Yeah, yeah, it's, um, I'll post it. I'll post it. It's in the group too. It's in the Facebook group. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. Okay. All right, everybody, have a good one.

[1343:53] Speaker 6: All right, you too. Thank you.

[1344:17] Speaker null: Bye

