LIVE Strategy Session - Grow Your Coaching Business To 6 Figures
Date: 2022-11-12T19:17:32.000Z
Duration: 130 min
Otter ID: CBKcT9HKlTybtaPXyNyHyDo95IU
---

[25:23] Speaker 0: At Family Dollar We know you want more to enjoy your summer that's why you'll find more in every store like our assortment of ice cream and frozen treats to the light your family family dollars helping you do More.

[67:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello everybody, how are you today? Welcome welcome welcome man. I am excited to be here with you wolf What a week but here's the thing you're here I'm here we made it. This is awesome Everybody welcome live to this training today. Those of you wondering how does Jeremiah do this countdown How does he do the the music when he does as well I play a video on YouTube and I have some royalty free music that plays and it does that and then I use a program called

[76:36] Speaker 0: OBS to actually switch over.

[78:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so the program is called obs and and this is what we use for all of our broadcasts. to actually go live, it's a free software, it allows us to actually broadcast to you. There's the broadcasting window. It's not as complicated as it looks to us. And it's amazing for doing live events. So anyways, welcome, welcome, welcome, I am so excited that you're here. I know you could be anywhere on a Saturday afternoon, you could be anywhere listening to anybody but you decided to be here, you decided to listen to me to hear how to grow your coaching business to six figures. And, and that's what this training is all about is how to grow a coaching business from zero, how to start from ground zero and make six figures. Now I need you to be somebody who you have a desire to make six figures, you have a desire to make 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month and here's the truth. Six figures is honestly not a whole lot of money anymore. With inflation. 100k is about the same as what 50k was six years ago. And so that's why I help a lot of people make 20 to 30 to even $40,000 per month. Because that's how much you need to make to really have the kind of impact the impact that you want to have to be able to reach the type of customers that you want to reach. And to be able to create the type of business that you want to have. Because I don't want you to just be able to pay your bills. This isn't just a training for people that want to pay their bills. This is for people that want to know how to thrive, how to make more money than they ever made in their life, how to have more impact than they ever had. Have you dreamed of having a six figure coaching business? And for how long have you or maybe you just heard about coaching, maybe you've just heard about online courses, but you're like, let me check this out. I've seen Jeremiah online, I've seen some of the stuff that he's put out there. I want to see what this is all about. And I want to hop on a training like this. Well, let me tell you this, I've been doing this for 19 years in online marketing terms. I'm what you would consider a great grandpa, I've been through so many cycles of online marketing. I've been through so many cycles of of what works and what doesn't. And I've seen what what to do and what not to do. Now, here's the truth about online marketing. What worked 19 years ago doesn't work today. At the same time, human beings are the same human beings, but they think differently. They use different technology. And so when it comes to sales when it comes to getting people to buy from you, because listen, I know we're like two minutes in and I brought up the S word. A lot of coaches a lot of course creators don't like the idea of sales. So how do you expect to make any money? That's what I say?

[127:51] Speaker 0: What if you knew

[128:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you were impacting people that you are connecting with what I call your soulmate clients, the people that you're meant to work with the people that are going to get the most results from you. And that you could attract them to your business and virtually guarantee that they would buy from you. Now the truth is there are no such things as guarantees, if anybody tells you that online business is the easiest thing in the world, and that it's a guaranteed amount of money run fast. I'm not going to tell you that I'm going to tell you this, it's simple. The steps are simple. The steps I'm going to teach you today that I teach to people are very simple. But it's not easy. It's hard work, you're going to have to do some uncomfortable things you're going to have to grow

[140:33] Speaker 0: to a place where you are

[142:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: building a business as a business owner, most people who set out to build this type of a business are not set up for success. They're not doing the type of behavior that would produce a profitable result as a business owner, let me adjust my microphone here. They're not doing the behavior that would produce profits in a business. They're trying to build a business with an employee mentality. And from somebody who I would say I'm I'm the worst case example of this. And the best case example of this for two reasons. So I've actually been in the industry for 19 years. But I started out as an employee, and I had the employee mindset that most people have when they start in a coaching business. And so how did I get my start? Well, 19 years ago, I started working for Lady and you might have know who she is her name is Danny Johnson and I helped create online trainings, online CT one and in fact, there weren't even online back then it was DVDs and CDs. It was it was phys The core products that people had to buy that were shipped to them that had trainings. Like I worked on this training right here grooming the next generation for success for on debt. It was it was specifically for sales prospecting and closing in the network marketing industry, and the network marketing business model. And so I worked 19 years ago, creating a lot of the products, trainings, courses, and marketing materials that helped Danny grow her business over 10 $20 million a year. Okay. And then after that, I actually, truthfully and my story, I'll tell you a little bit about it in a second, I had the lowest point in my life. And I struggled with, with alcohol I was I was, I was 20 years old, and and almost completely messed up my life. And I'm grateful to God to this day, that I'm still here. So I'm not this person who had it all together. I'm not this person who has it all figured out. However, I would say that I was born lucky.

[180:23] Speaker 0: When it comes to business, and I'll explain

[180:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that to you. You know, a lot of people say like, man, the wealthy keep getting wealthier because their kids learn from them. Well, the truth is, my mom actually built a multimillion dollar online e commerce business back in the 90s. And then when I stopped working for Danny, I actually went and worked for my mom's business. Some of you know who she is Sandy, her kowski. Okay, but here's what I would say to you is, what if all of the lessons because because I get it, I have a level of luck that a lot of people don't have I've been around mentors and trainers and people. But that's why I think it provides more credibility to what I'm sharing you. Because I went out, proved it on my own started from scratch, in 2018. And have built a multi six figure business without my context without my past products and creations and, and connections from scratch. But I was able to learn from people that were successful. For 19 years, I was able to learn while observing and seeing what are they doing this worked. And then my mom and I, we ended up working together, I ended up being the interim CEO of her company helped build her business to over $20 million. Now short, I didn't start that business. I didn't found that business, I get it. But I had made over $20 million. And so what I'm going to share with you is from the 19 years of experience of working with Danny Johnson working with my mom, working with another client that we worked with that we coached, Rick Pino with the worship coach business, over a $10 million company in the coaching space. So we built multiple, eight figure coaching businesses, eight figures is over $10 million. And here's I'm gonna tell you what it takes to make six figures.

[213:30] Speaker 0: That's 100,000

[214:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the way up to 999,999, right? That's a six figure income because you got 123456 figures right there per year. And that usually translates to about 1020 30 $40,000 a month. What it takes to take you to eight figures.

[221:03] Speaker 0: That's anywhere from 10

[221:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: to $99 million dollars a year. Okay? What it takes to take you to eight figures is not the same as what it is here. It's not the same thing. In fact, it's a completely different game, you operate completely differently. And the way that you do everything works differently. And so what I set out to do back in 2018, was I was working with my mom and I ended up leaving her company and starting this business and set and saying, I don't want to use any connections. I don't want to use any of the influence that I had any following and start from scratch and see if I can prove this model for myself. And today we're making multiple six figures almost seven figures in our business using exactly what I've learned over the last 18 years. And the system that I've developed that has helped my clients like Joshua Giles, over $140,000 in 30 days in his business, taking this exact training that I'm gonna be giving you here today. He was able to take this knowledge and create a coaching business that made over $140,000 Or like Nathan said I'm sure he was able to take just one offer one campaign one advertisement and create a a multiple six figure income for himself 12,000 14,000 16,000 A month coming in to his business teaching art. Well look, my client Dawn Blasio she had actually learned from my mom and I for years, but it took just a year of us working together to dial in her messaging her language, her offers, dialing in her marketing, her copywriting, how to attract the right target customers. And now she's over $35,000 per month in her business, or like Danielle, over $25,000 a month in her business. They're like Angie, over $5,000, the first time that she'd applied what I'm teaching. Now, that's not a six figure income. But if she does that over and over again and does 5000 10,000 15,000 in profit, which is normal, when you apply what I'm teaching you, you're able to get results. And here's how it works. We use what I call the six step system.

[259:43] Speaker 0: Six steps

[260:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: to six figures in your coaching business. Okay, so step number one

[262:08] Speaker 0: is this, you find your niche.

[264:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Find your niche, okay. And a lot of people, they set out to build a coaching business, they set out to build a course business and they're like, I don't know what my niches, I don't know who to talk to, I don't know who to connect with. I don't know what to sell. And if that's you, that's fine. If you if you actually joined this training, and you didn't upgrade to the VIP, I would highly recommend that you actually do so. Because in the VIP, you're actually going to get if you go to the VIP upgrade link, I'll post it'll be in here. It's Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash upgrade

[275:20] Speaker 0: to VIP.

[276:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you get the finding your niche training that actually did that's all about this, it's two hours, just like this focus on finding your niche, I'm not going to be spending two hours with you today, focused on finding your niche. Okay, but we'll spend a little bit of time exploring that because that is the place to start now here's the thing your your niche that you start with today is not going to be your forever niche. I know a lot of people that started with one niche new to our another like Ray, you know started with versus designing your niche or worship songwriting, or my mom, online marketing, and now she's doing stock market trading. So don't worry, don't fear that you're going to be locked into one idea. One niche that you're going to start with today. The momentum of going through these six steps is what produces results.

[287:07] Speaker 0: Step number two is writing your offer, copy. These are your

[290:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: messaging, these are the words that you use to reach your target customer where you hone in on the problems that they have.

[292:40] Speaker 0: And the solution that you have to offer them.

[293:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. And so like what are some of the problems that coaches have today? Well, if you go and for those you that signed up for this training, that's exactly how you sign up for this training is we were able to deal with the problems. Maybe you aren't tech savvy, Maybe nobody's ever heard of you. Maybe you don't have a coaching program yet. But you want to build a coaching business with amazing clients that you can impact and make a realistic 20 to $30,000 per month in your business. Maybe you're overwhelmed and frustrated. Maybe you've taken courses and read blog posts and have read books, but you've struggled to find a proven repeatable strategy. This is the proven repeatable strategy. I'm going to be giving it to you here today. But before I do that, we got to say hi to Miss Kitty.

[307:05] Speaker 0: So Miss Kitty, every time I do a training always has to show up and say hi to everybody.

[310:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: She might pop in a few other times here.

[311:25] Speaker 0: But she just wants to be loved.

[312:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so we're gonna say hi to her when she pops up. Okay, awesome. Here's the thing. Let's just be real today. Let's just lay down the facade. I get it. You're here. We're here. You're like Jeremiah that wasn't very professional. Have you to have a cat with you? Well, if that's your thinking that I'm not a good coach for you because honestly, I don't believe in perfectionism and I don't believe in things needing to be so structured and perfect to build a business honestly People that are like that annoy me, and I don't help them, they don't work with me, I annoy them, and they get pissed off because I don't teach them in a way that they need. And so if you're somebody that's like, man, like, couldn't have some slides, why is he using a whiteboard? Or you're like, why did he bring his cat up? The truth is, I'm probably not a good person for you to learn from, you would do better to learn from somebody like an Amy Porterfield, who everything is perfectly in order. I'm not the one for you. But if you're somebody that says, You know what I want to know, how do I make a coaching business working five and 10 hours a week? How do I do so while raising a family? How do I do so without burning out? I'm not super techy. I'm not a graphic designer. How do I build a coaching business? That is actually profitable. The simple way and the truth is simple is what sells,

[334:16] Speaker 0: not perfect. Simple is what sells.

[335:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so if you're listening to me today, if you're watching this today, I'm thankful that you're here. I'm thankful that you're a part of this training. I'm thankful that you that you join this training, and that you want to commit to growing and learning. What does it take to build a coaching business? I'm giving you the blueprint right here. You start with finding your niche. And then you write your offer copy. Alright, so here's the thing. This is where a lot of people get stuck. Because they're like, well, Jeremiah, you haven't even talked about? How do I map out my course? How do I map out my coaching program? How do I map out my lessons? How do I even know that I'm good enough to be a coach?

[347:20] Speaker 0: Let me address that for you.

[347:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: The methodology that we teach involves you pre selling and pre marketing your offer, before it's created. One of the stupidest things that you can do is to try to map everything out, pre plan everything and launch it, because there's so much information that you don't know about your target customer that you need to actually learn by actually connecting with some people. Now, if you've been a coach for years and have worked with at least 100 people, you understand your niche a little bit better, you might be able to get away with pre recording, of course, at that point, I don't recommend it, I don't recommend that you invest a lot of effort into your branding and your designs, the only thing that I would invest money into for branding is maybe some photographs, getting a professional photoshoot done of yourself. Because by doing that it does elevate your level of quote unquote, parent status to people that are online, it does elevate how you appear to the right customer. But I'll say this, and I say this to all my clients, my high level clients, and here's the thing, if this message doesn't resonate with you, I would recommend leaving this training and going and trying to figure out coaching with somebody else that will actually serve you the way that you need to be served. You have to kill perfectionism and you have to kill the need to try to look good, do other people, you have to kill the need to try to sound good to other people. You will not succeed as a coach. If you believe that well if I can just look like a pro and sound like a pro and say all the pros things then people will buy from me. What a facade. What a lie. And I see so many people, following charlatans that teach this, that teach that you need that it's all about your branding and all about how you look. No, it's about how you can connect with other people to create an impact in their lives. I believe that anybody can make six and seven figures as a coach or course creator, however, most people will not. In fact, most people are humanly incapable of doing what I'm teaching you today.

[386:26] Speaker 0: How do I know that because I've worked with

[387:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: 1000s of coaches and course creators over the years, not hundreds 1000s of them. When I was working with my mom, we were coaching a lot of people that were doing that. One of the clients that we had coached Jennifer allwood, created a seven figure business, taking what I'm teaching you and it starts with imperfect action. It starts with getting out of your own way. It starts with believing the truth about what it takes to be successful as a coach and one of the number one limiting beliefs and lies that people believe is that perfection and branding are what produces results and that pre planning everything is how you produce results. This is This is if I could just like have you rip that out of your brain? And spend six months to a year with me learning? What does it actually take to build a coaching business learning? How do I actually get clients, I would rather you get clients then do everything perfect. Okay?

[406:54] Speaker 0: Your sub training goal

[408:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: of any coach or course creator, one know what it is. And this, this will probably offend some people, and that's okay.

[410:30] Speaker 0: It is not delivering your course, or coaching,

[414:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: because here's the thing, you're gonna get better at this over time. If you are waiting to get better at this before you start marketing your business, you'll be broke, and you won't make the kind of money that you want to make. The reason that you're here today. This isn't build and create your coaching business. This is grow your coaching business from zero to six figures. And so if you want to talk about growth, your supreme priority

[423:15] Speaker 0: is sales. And marketing.

[425:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Before anything else, before you do anything else, this comes second to that.

[427:17] Speaker 0: This is priority number one. This is priority number

[428:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: two. And all of my coaching clients know this, that they that they come second to sales and marketing. Okay. And sales and marketing come second to my family. And that's the right order of things. Because your family is the most important thing. And your family is why you do what you do, why I do what I do is my family. And right now, with this economy, the way things are going, the recession might be worse than 2008. We don't know where things are headed, things could get better. But I think they're gonna get a whole lot worse. And by you, creating an income for your family that is not tied to your family, your friends, a federal government or a job to keep you making money. That's going to be imperative and then learning to grow that money. Learning to increase the amount of money that you have, so that you can have more impact so that you can help more people. I believe this that coaches, trainers and mentors changed the world. My family was impacted by a coach by a trainer by a mentor, Danny Johnson, when we first met her, it was amazing. The first time my mom and I had ever seen somebody that had the confidence that had the belief, to be able to help people to be able to reach people to build a market to people. And it was like eye opening to us. Now my mom had actually built a multimillion dollar e commerce business before

[453:05] Speaker 0: that. But selling products,

[454:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you've ever done e commerce, it's it's kind of a grind, it's a lot of work. Whereas coaching, and online courses are digital products, you create them digitally, you can create them in your spare time. You can create them on your own schedule, you can do so while you're raising kids. And you don't have to be perfect to do it. When you're delivering a physical product to people. There's quality control issues, right? Like you don't want the product to explode. You don't want it to make people sick. When it comes to coaching and training and mentoring. You don't have those same quality control issues now yes, there's some bad toxic trainings out there.

[466:44] Speaker 0: I get it. But you're you have

[467:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: less of a responsibility to make sure that everything's perfect. Like if the video cuts out on a training like like like watch this.

[469:55] Speaker 0: Let me just give you an example this

[470:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is gonna be a great example. Oh, no, the video is out.

[472:40] Speaker 0: Oh, no. The microphone is good to hear me. Tada.

[475:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm back. Now let me ask let me ask this of you right now. Me turning off my camera and the microphone doing that. Did that lower the value

[478:37] Speaker 0: of what I'm teaching you?

[479:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you pissed off angry and want your money back? What's free? So you're not really like, what are you going to get your money back for? Right?

[481:41] Speaker 0: Are you upset by the low quality?

[483:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the unprofessionalism of me having a cat in my room? And me having a troll behind me and a whiteboard? And the video going out? No, the truth is this, if you're somebody that wants to learn how to grow a coaching business, you could care less because what matters the most is the content, what matters the most is connecting, and I get it, there's some of you, you might say, Listen, Jeremiah, I'm not competent to coach people, well, then here's the thing, you got to get some people to coach before you start doing it. It's like the chicken versus the egg. A lot of people think, which came first, the chicken or the egg. A lot of people think that planning out their course, mapping out there course, that that comes first before selling, and that's the wrong thing. The truth is sales and marketing. Making a connection with a target audience making a connection with a target customer connecting with another human being that has the problem that you're that you're offering. And you create a feedback loop. Like when you signed up for this training, I asked a few questions. What would you like to learn? What are you struggling with to grow your coaching business. And so I'm taking a note of that I have a whole document right here. On my computer, of all of the answers from people that they've given me, as to what they want to learn from me, these are actual answers from people over 26 pages, from coaches, and course creators just like you that have told me what they want to learn. And so what I do is I just create offers

[510:03] Speaker 0: that give people what they want.

[510:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then in the process of creating those offers, I tell people about what I have for sale. And the people that I meant to work with my soulmate clients, the ones that I meant to do business with the ones that that I believe I have a calling to do business with, they will ended up becoming clients of mine, because the truth is this. If you're not meant to work with me, you're not going to have a desire to, you're not going to feel like it's going to help you. You're not going to feel safe hearing from me, but I know that there's some of you right now that you're hearing my message. And you're hearing what I'm saying and you're like Jeremiah, this is amazing. I've never heard anybody teach this before. Those are my soulmate clients, the ones that you're really starting to get, get touched, and you're really starting to get excited. And you're saying, Wow, you mean I don't need to do all this perfect stuff. You mean I could literally next week, launch an offer and get clients like this type of an offer. So when we talk about launching an offer, we talk about getting people in front of you that you can sell to and so that goes back to the six steps of sales and marketing. Okay. Once you find your niche, once you write your offer copy, by the way, for writing your offer copy, we use a tool so that you don't have to be a marketing expert. It's called jasper.ai. It uses artificial intelligence to actually write our marketing, copy and sales, messaging for us. And all of our messaging, all of our advertising, all of our content is written with Jasper AI. It's one of the highest quality artificial intelligence tools that are out there. And you don't need to be a coder, you don't need to be somebody that understands technical stuff to be able to use it. It works like a word processor. We've actually put together what we call a jasper recipe. And so Jasper, this is a recipe that is actually one of the most downloaded recipes for Jasper that helps you write perfect offer copy for coaches and trainers. I'm gonna go a little bit more into detail about that in a second, I'm going to show you a demonstration of how it works. Because here's the thing. You don't need to become an expert at sales and marketing to succeed. You just need to know how to connect with your soulmate clients.

[550:16] Speaker 0: I'm gonna say that again. You don't

[550:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: need to be an expert at sales and marketing to succeed. And yet the number one priority in your business is sales and marketing. You just need to know how to sell and market to the people that are meant to work with you and completely ignore all the rest and this truthfully is where a lot of coaches go wrong. A lot of course creators go wrong is they out of the goodness of their heart wanting to help a lot of people or maybe just they just don't know. They're too broad and who They're trying to reach. And so that's why these two steps are where I recommend everybody start. No matter where you're at, you want to write your messaging, you want to write your offer copy, you want to figure out, how do I communicate to my target customer. And you want to hone that in even more. And now, once you write that offer, copy, and it's very simple to do it, you can do it in like 15 minutes,

[566:06] Speaker 0: then what you do is you create a landing page, a funnel page, you create a page

[569:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: on the internet, where people sign up with you and give you their name and email address. And that's the number one activity that coaches and course creators must focus on, is growing their email list, there's not a single activity that will produce more results for you than growing your email list. It's the number one most important activity that you can do as a course creator and as a coach. And so I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that we get to work together on this. Let me flip this on here real quick. I'm excited that we get to work together, more in depth right now over the next Oh, how much more time we got, we got we literally got another hour and a half together. This is amazing. And so thank you for being here. Thank you for showing up. Thank you for committing to even though you could be anywhere on a Saturday, that's you're here today to learn how to grow your coaching business to six figures. And so these are the first three steps, you find your niche. You write your offer, copy, and then you create that landing page and funnel page to generate

[589:02] Speaker 0: leads. Okay.

[589:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And most people, most people that I know, most people that I work with most people that I meet, never get past. Step number three. They're too focused on the how complicated it is. And truthfully, I think it's related to fear. It's related to worry, it's related to well, if my offer isn't good enough, are people going to sign up? Is my niche good enough that people sign up? And I get that that comes from a good place?

[598:36] Speaker 0: But I need you to grow up just a little bit. Yeah.

[599:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I said. So Jeremiah, you don't know how old I am. I'm like 70 years old. I'm 60 years old. You're telling me to grow up? In this area? Yes, because most people, like I said, I'm what you would consider a great granddaddy. When it comes to online coaching. I'm pretty young, I'm 3034, almost 35 years old. So my experience in life is different than most people. But I've been in business for the last 19 years. And I've been in this industry for that 19 years. And so what I've seen and heard and know that works is this process. And for the last 19 years, it's been the number one thing was true. generating leads getting people to visit and offer. So this is a page where we wrote some offer copy. This is an example to you of exactly what these three steps are. So for instance, my niche is coaches, and course creators that want to know how to make more money, they want to know how to make six figures. That's a lot of people. I can literally guarantee you that if you do what I show you, it will produce results. Now the truth is, most people won't actually do what I'm going to show you. Most people will get too stuck in their head, they will get too stuck overthinking this process. And that's because corporate America teaches us to do that. Corporate America teaches us that if you make a mistake, that things will go bad for you. And so you literally have to rip out of your brain, the experience that you had in life as it relates to putting stuff out there and taking risks. Is it a risk to launch a coaching business? Absolutely. In fact, you're going to risk some money as well. If you're somebody that came on this training, you're like Jeremiah, I want to know

[632:29] Speaker 0: how to grow my

[632:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: coaching business to six figures but I don't want to spend any money. Well, I'm sorry.

[634:15] Speaker 0: This is not the right training. Because

[635:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: you are gonna have to spend some money you're gonna have to spend about $200

[636:59] Speaker 0: on software

[638:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you're gonna have to spend in the beginning about 300 hours To $500, this is per month, by the way

[641:29] Speaker 0: 300 to $500 on advertising.

[643:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you're not technical, you might also need to spend

[644:47] Speaker 0: 100 to $200. On some

[645:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: service providers, you can find them overseas. In the Philippines, you can use fiverr.com, you can use online jobs.ph. And if you have a hesitation against using people overseas, here's the question got to ask yourself, are you going to let that stop you from building your business, here's what I would love to do is grow your business, using overseas service providers make so much money that then you can hire people here in the States and create jobs by doing that. So you might have to lay aside even your beliefs about what you're willing to do when it comes to building a business. Most people are not successful in the coaching business, because they have standards for their life that they've created, that they've invented, that are preventing them from being successful. One of those standards that I hear from a lot of people as well, my culture doesn't allow me to do that. Well, I wasn't raised to do that, well, I don't believe in doing that, well, I don't like doing that, well, it makes me feel uncomfortable.

[662:30] Speaker 0: Every

[662:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: single dollar you make in your business is going to be outside of your comfort zone.

[664:47] Speaker 0: If you're somebody who wants to build a coaching business,

[666:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this is your comfort zone, right, and right here, this is you. These are the bounds of your comfort zone, these are the boundaries of it. Every single dollar that you want to make in your business is outside of your comfort zone. And so we have to actually stretch ourselves and expand our capacity for making money. And so this means changing habits,

[675:41] Speaker 0: changing beliefs,

[677:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: and doing things differently than you've always done. I hear a lot of people say, Jeremiah, I don't like selling to people, I think it's rude to ask people to spend money with you. If we're so concerned about looking rude and sounding bad to people, and people judging us, you will not make money in your business, the fear of other people's opinions, controlling your life, controlling what you're willing to do, will hurt you. And there are some of you right now, where you're actually living in a situation with people in your life that are very negative. They're very controlling, they're telling you what you can and can't do all the time. And it might be time for you to change some of your friends, and might be time for you to stop hanging out with certain family members. It might be time for you to actually start to end some relationships that are not serving you. One of the biggest things that I teach people to do in their life is to realign their desires. And instead of doing what you should see, society tells us we need to always do what we should. But I tell people stop doing what you should and start doing more of what you want to do. And this is where a lot of people say oh, so Jeremiah, if I want to go commit a crime, you're saying I should do No, like craziness. So ridiculous. Within the lines of the law within the lines of like, kindness, compassion, no, no violence, no abuse. I'm not condoning any of that behavior. And if you get to know me, you'll understand that I don't condone any sort of violent behavior. I don't condone any sort of abusive behavior. In fact, I don't condone any sort of slimy scammy sales tactics whatsoever. And you'll and you'll notice that as you start to go through some of my funnels, maybe you're just checking me out for the first time you're like, What is this guy all about? I teach you. One of the most important things that you need to learn is to not

[711:49] Speaker 0: fear consequences

[714:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: is to not fear how things are going to turn out. And that is pretty much outside of everybody's comfort zone. But this is what the wealthiest people do the best. As they're not afraid of what happens when they make decisions. They're not afraid to take a leap and to do something that might seem scary. That might seem risky, they're not looking for

[720:46] Speaker 0: certainty. They're creating, they're taking

[721:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: calculated risks, which if you work with me, I'm going to show you how to take calculated risk, I'm not going to tell you to just go throw money out there, and not expect for it to come back with you. In fact, most of the clients that we work with that run paid advertising, they make back about equal to what they spend. So they spend 300, on paid ads, and they make back about 300, or 400. And that's the first initial goal for you is you want to at least breakeven, you don't want to lose money, but you might not make money initially. And so that becomes some sweat equity that you're putting into growing your business, to dial in your messaging to dial in your niche and to dial in your offers. But it doesn't take doing that a whole lot within about three to six months of doing that. And this is why most of the time, I recommend most of my clients work with me for at least 12 months. Most of the people that work with me and my coaching programs work with me for at least 12 months. Because it's gonna be a journey, you're gonna have ups and downs, you're gonna feel like, so motivated to build your business one day, and then for like a month, you might feel like not doing anything. That's normal. That's part of life. That's part of the process. A huge part of what I teach people is about prioritizing self care, you need to make self care, important to you. You are worth, you are a priority. And if I'm the first person in your life to tell you that I want to tell you that is that you need to start treating yourself as such. If you want to build a coaching business, we cannot keep living our lives, for what other people tell us that we need to do. We cannot keep living our lives based off of other people's opinions. It's time for us to step up as leaders in our lives and our homes and our communities. Because here's the truth, a coach or a course creator that makes six figures is a leader in their community.

[754:36] Speaker 0: My client, Rick Pino

[755:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: made over $10 million in the coaching business is a leader in his community, my client, Joshua Giles, $140,000, is a leader in his community. My mom is a leader in her community. And that's what I'm calling you to as well see, I'm calling you up to a higher level. Because those are the type of people that I'm wanting to work with. Maybe you might say, well, Jeremiah, I've never been a leader. But I do feel that call if you feel the call, to lead other people, to impact people, and to make a whole heck of a lot of money doing so you're in the right place. If you feel called to lead people, but not make any money. I'm not sure how much I can help you. Because what I teach you how to do involves making so much money that you don't even know what to do with. And that's what if you stick with me, if you learn from me, I'm going to show you how to do so in the most ethical way, with the highest level of integrity, that is not slept sleazy, that is not slimy. That is not disgusting, that is not going to make you check your morals at the door. But you are going to have to stretch your habits, you are going to have to take some risks, you are going to have to step out of your comfort zone, you are going to have to do some uncomfortable things to be able to reach your goals. And that is what takes us outside of our comfort zone and into the money making zone. Okay, so on these on these three steps. So steps one, two, and three without finding your niche,

[780:54] Speaker 0: writing your offer.

[781:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Landing Page and funnel page. And I'll show you right here again, this is this is an offer right here. So you found this, whether you're on my email address, whether you saw this on an ad whether you saw this on my social media, and you said huh, Jeremiah looks like he knows what he's doing. I'm gonna sign up for this and you signed up and you filled in your name and email address.

[788:41] Speaker 0: Let's put in our name and email address. And you put in that information.

[790:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you saw the VIP offer and some of you took the VIP and you're gonna get the recordings of these sessions again, if you want the recording of this training, jump into the VIP, it's only seven bucks. What do you have to lose? You spent more than that on Starbucks before. And what you get with that is not only do you get the VIP not only do you get the recording, but you get a backstage pass and the recording to it and five bonus trainings, monitoring on finding your niche mindset foundations for coaches and course creators. Seven figure up level training, fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business. Honestly, this is one of my favorite trainings I ever did was this one, because I show you how you can build a business without burnout, while only working five to 10 hours a week. And then funnel building tech training, as well as top 100 niches that you can choose for coaching, if you need help racking your brain for some ideas, and my high level, irresistible offers itself target customer roadmap, to show Whom are you selling to helps you break down and hone in on who your target customer is, you get all that for seven bucks, I'm gonna, this is insane, because of what I'm giving away on this. But there you go. So what I've just shown you is a combination of two things.

[811:04] Speaker 0: This was my offer right here. But then I went and

[812:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: sold you, I verbally was selling you on the VIP upgrade, because I think all of you should upgrade to it. I'm still selling, I'm still delivering content, but I'm selling. And when you attract the right people in front of you, when you get people that are looking for what you offer, they have the same problems that you help people with, and you lead them to the solution that you help people with. And you build trust with those people. People will have a very hard time unless they're like that, you know, I get a few of them on my trainings. And they laugh at me because the first like the first six times they listen to me, they're like, I'm going to be a hard nose. And this might be you, I'm going to be a hard nose, and I'm not going to buy anything that Jeremiah sells. And I'm not going to purchase anything I'm not gonna be sold. Well, you keep plugging in with me about six or seven times, eventually, you might become a client, which is awesome. And that's the thing, I'm still gonna go to a nice sushi dinner. Whether you buy from me or not, my rent is still paid. Whether you buy from me or not, my family is still going to be fine. Whether you become a client of mine or not, whether you buy the VIP or

[831:33] Speaker 0: not. So why do I sell this stuff? Because I need you

[832:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be able to put some skin in the game to be able to respect what's purchased. And when it comes to you selling in your business, you also need to require people to put some skin in the game to respect with purchase, some of you have been doing coaching for free for too long, and it's time to start charging. And it's time to stop being cheap. With what you're putting out there. You need to start charging $997 all the way up to $2,000. For your main product. They might say, well, Jeremiah, you got the VIP upgrade for only seven bucks. That's because it's an entry level, marketing material. Everything is marketing, everything is marketing, okay. But you need to start charging 1000 to $2,000 minimum per client, for your course for your coaching to even start working with you. And what we do in our model is we do what's called the pre sell model. So we prove that people actually want it, we prove that there's actually an interest in what we're offering before we offer it to people. And so by doing this, we're able to actually connect with our target customer better, we're able to get better feedback as to what they really want to learn. And we're able to dial in our messaging better want to know how you write killer offer coffee. Want to know how you do this process? Well, that most people never do? Want to know the number one activity that most coaches, most course creators?

[859:20] Speaker 0: Never do. I've worked with quite a few of

[860:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: them and they hire me. And I asked them, are you doing this? Okay? You want to listen to your target customer. And give them an opportunity to ask questions. In fact, the reason why I have my VIP q&a on any of the sessions we do. The reason why I add those questions that you answer is this right here. The only way that my business is profitable today. The only way that my clients businesses are profitable is by listening to what their target customer wants. Nobody cares how much you know, nobody cares how great your coaching program is i i know that might sound harsh for you to hear. I know that maybe you're not ready to hear that. Because maybe you put so much effort and energy into it. But nobody cares how much you can help them until they know that you understand where they're coming from. Until they know that you understand their situation until they know that you understand what they've gone through what they've fought for, what they're working for. Why they show

[878:08] Speaker 0: up. And so even more than

[879:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: say Sales and Marketing this is I would consider this part of your sales and marketing. Even more important than your sales and marketing

[882:32] Speaker 0: is to get people that you can listen to complete, brand new people that you've never met before.

[885:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: People that have never met you before. People that have never heard from you before, people that have never worked with you before, people that don't trust you, people that don't vote, even you people that have no clue who you are. And it's your job to find as many of them as possible,

[891:50] Speaker 0: and listen to them.

[892:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's what creates a six figure coaching business. Some of you are listening to this right now, you're like, Jeremiah can't be that simple.

[894:53] Speaker 0: And actually is that simple.

[895:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: But most people complicate it too much, because it sells more programs. And they want to overwhelm you with all the ideas and all the concepts and all the all the things that you need to learn. But most of that is just a bunch of crap. Most of that is just a bunch of useless information that people regurgitate and have learned, what you're getting from me is tried and true in the trenches what to focus on. So many

[904:17] Speaker 0: course creators and coaches

[905:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't make the kind of money that's possible for them.

[906:17] Speaker 0: Because they're not working six steps,

[908:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: they might say, well, Jeremiah, that's only three steps. I'm gonna get to the other, the other three in a second. They're not finding their niche, they're just stuck there. This is 100% related to fear. There's nothing else other than that. And some of you might call it a spirit of excellence or wisdom, I'm sorry, but that's a load of crap that a lot of people believe, and I'm going to call it like it is. It's not excellence, it's fear. It's worried that you're not good enough, people are going to judge you, you're going to lose money, and you're going to damage your reputation. If you launch anything that's subpar, you gotta get rid of that thinking that you are so afraid. And really, it's pride is what it is. It's fear. Slash pride is why people will not pick a niche, because they are afraid of it not working. And they're so prideful as to how they look. And they will never put themselves out there. Those are the people that I just can't, can't work with. And then you combine that with perfectionism. And you combine that with they're, they're just they, they got it, they actually they got to stick up there. But like, I can't help those people. There are other coaches that are made to work with those people. I'm not one of them. Okay, but if you're somebody says, Okay, I want to learn the simple stuff, I want to learn the basics, I want to learn the basics of putting together an offer, I want to learn, how do I write my offer copy without artificial intelligence, I'm, I'm going to show you that here in the next hour, it's gonna be exciting, you're gonna love it. You can build a landing page in less than 10 minutes, you get the bonus training to building a landing page. But I'm actually demonstrate to you how quickly you can actually put a landing page together. You don't have to map out this incredible, complex funnel, it doesn't take a bunch of complex, complicated information to be able to build a business, it's actually very simple. It's actually very easy. But so many people complicate it too much. We actually have a funnel map that you can look at right here. This is the funnel map that we use for almost all of our businesses is the same type of funnel map. You do a mini class with an opt in page landing page, you have an upsell page, you have some follow up emails, you have a thank you page that thanks them, and then you do the teaching. So you guys have actually gone through my funnel right now. And you're going to be receiving emails with an offer that I'm going to make you what's the offer that I'm going to make you you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, what are you going to sell to me today? Well, I'm going to tell you what that is. And then we're gonna go on to the next part of the training. All right. So a couple weeks ago, we actually opened up the doors to my group coaching program. And we don't keep the doors open very often. We don't keep the doors open for very long.

[952:02] Speaker 0: In fact, the doors

[952:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you go to my website are usually closed and 98% of the time, if I'm doing a presentation like this, I'm telling people, you have to join the waiting list. You have to join the waiting list. We're not taking any new clients. We're not taking any new people right now. You're gonna have to just join the waiting list and that's what that's what you're just going to have to do. Well, here's what I've decided to do. Okay. We've had so many people over the last couple of weeks. Say Jeremiah, you got one more spot left in the coaching program. And so from now, until, but not one on one coaching group coaching from now until Tuesday, November 15. It's just a couple of days. You got Sunday, Monday and then midnight on Tuesday to decide, I'm opening the doors for just three days for you to join the client growth accelerator. This is my group coaching program will actually work with you to help you build out your offer copy to help you build out your landing page and your funnel and work on your ads and optimize your offer together. And we help you find your niche and we help coach you not only that, this is a group coaching program where you get to network with other people. There's peer review in there. There's other coaches just like you that are growing together this, I think we have over 125 coaches now in this program. It's absolutely amazing, absolutely incredible. And I believe that this is the best opportunity if you're a coach, if you're a course creator, and you want to make six figures is to work with me for the next year to build your coaching business. And not only are we going to work together and you can check out some of the testimonies on the page. The link is over my website Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator. You can find it under the coaching tab here on my website, and I'll send you an email like I said,

[981:48] Speaker 0: it's part of my funnel.

[982:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not only do you get the coaching with me, but you get all of the courses that I've created, irresistible offers that sell the virtual event playbook. The exact blueprint on how to create live virtual events to generate six and seven figure days copywriting mastery copywriting mastery course on how to speak to your target customer, Facebook and Instagram ads made easy for total beginners Tiktok ads Made Easy mindset foundations for six figure coaches and course creators. These are complete courses that you get that I've actually created that are in a members area for you. When you join the client growth accelerator. You get these easy course reason blueprint, how to put together world class courses. Transformational coaching made simple how to become a better coach and teacher social media ads that work one of the most advanced social media ads courses on the planet that you can go through social media content creation for organic content, if you want to go the organic route through tick tock Instagram reels and YouTube shorts. website building made easy and we have coming up in the next month we're doing a funnel building to actually have two funnel building courses, an email marketing course, a sales course and a public speaking and communicating course so we're gonna be doing over the next couple of months for those that join the program. You get live weekly coaching calls with me live q&a calls, pop up trainings, hotsy ad rewrites In fact, this past week, we did some live copywriting when people brought their ads, they brought their offers, and we rewrote them live on demand together as a group doing this, plus all the future courses, hands on lessons. We meet every single week. And if you register before midnight on Tuesday, you get five Fast Start bonuses, you get the recordings of our October Fast Start Training class, we just did this a couple of weeks ago. So I'm not going to be doing another one again, watch the recording of it when you join the members area, you're gonna get that as a fast start bonus to go through to help you start making money right away. You're gonna get the power of other people stages, million dollar offer creation and sales training that I did with my client, Rick Pino who has made over $10 million in his business, and how you can actually get traffic without spending money by using other people's platforms to do so. Recordings of funnel and offer copy live a closed door event that I did on how to create funnels and offer copy, funnel building university with Steven Robbins. So that's one of the funnel building courses. And then I'm actually creating another funnel building course. And you get two free tickets to offer Launchpad, which is a two day live mastermind. One of the most exciting experiences that we've ever done, we actually just did this experience. It's eight hours together on January 27 and 28th. From 11am to 5pm. We spent all day together for two days working on the immersion, repetition implementation and mastery needed to create funnels and offer copy that converts. And so you get all of that $87,500 value and that's not an inflated value. You get all of that for just $1,997 a year. That's our early founders pricing for a limited time. And we are increasing that pricing here very soon. You take 84% off and you get grandfathered in at this rate forever as long as you're a member so you don't have to pay more. So you get to join for $2,000 for the year. Plus my risk free money back guarantee 30 days you get to try it out risk free.

[1039:02] Speaker 0: And to make it even better.

[1039:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can split it into 12 payments. So you're still joining for a whole year, you're still committing for a whole year. But it's only 12 payments of $166.42 a month, which is, I believe, the biggest value, it's the most affordable rate that I can offer, it's the lowest rate that this program is ever going to be to help you build your business. And so you have for the next three days, you can join the client growth accelerator for just $166.42 a month. And you can go here, you sign up, you put your credit card down, and you'll have instant access to that. What do you get with that? Well, you get the members area that you get to log into the members area has all the courses in here that you get to access, instantly instant access to the courses, you get our monthly trainings archive. So you get an archive of all of the live monthly trainings that we've been doing all of the live trainings right here. And I haven't I haven't put up this week's yet. But it will be up there takes about a week for me to actually upload some of the training content. So focus on messaging that. So here's what it is.

[1058:13] Speaker 0: Let's go back here for just a second. So you get the archive

[1059:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: of all of the live trainings that the group has done. But not only do you get the archives, they're actually ranked by topic. So we actually have the topics of what is taught on all these trainings. Right here like this past week, we talked about how to protect yourself from manipulative people identifying manipulative people how to identify and overcome self doubt, how to protect yourself in business, how to price your products and services, how to stop caring what people think. There's another one that we did right here the benefits of getting support from others. Building a landing page is the five step approach to launching an offer, how to make the most from Black Friday, in New York, New year's sales, we've been honing in on that even deeper lately, the benefits of writing books. And so you get access to all of the trainings that we've actually been doing. You get to go back since the program started back in July, you get all of these recordings, and they're they're sorted and organized by the topic that's actually taught that you can go through and actually learn from all of the different live trainings that we're doing. On top of the courses that you get these world class courses that walk you through every single detail of building your coaching business, you get the Jumpstart training package. The jumpstart training package, right here is your Fast Start Training. That's a two hour training that's gonna get you started in your business and making six figures right away, you get the private event Vault, which you actually get to go through all of the live events that we're doing all the different virtual events that we've done, you get access to watching those recordings.

[1086:11] Speaker 0: And you get all of that, and all the courses for that one low rate

[1088:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: of $166.42 a month, for 12 months, or 1997 a year and the risk free 30 day money back guarantee. And so if you're a coach, if you're a course creator, if you're a mentor, and you say Jeremiah, I want I want to work with you for the next year. To build my business, I think that this is going to be the one of the best chances, the best opportunities out there for you to start to see success in your business where you start to get clients, for you to start to make the kind of money that you want to make in your business. And I'd love to have you in there.

[1098:37] Speaker 0: Now what happens

[1099:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: after Tuesday, November 15, well, we're going to close the doors for quite some time. I'm probably not going to reopen them until next year. And so this is the last chance that you actually have to join the client growth accelerator until next year, to be able to start building your business right now November and December is actually the best time to start building your coaching business because why New Year's is around the corner and people are gearing up for the new year they're gearing up to change their life. And you as a coach can actually help invite people into that narrative into that story

[1110:12] Speaker 0: of their life changing.

[1110:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's a big part of the process that we teach you how to do. A big

[1111:34] Speaker 0: part of

[1112:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: this process right here is storytelling. One of the biggest pieces of advice that I give people and we're going to go back into the training now here. One of the biggest pieces of advice that I give people is to watch movies to study storytelling art form to study the hero's journey, okay. So when you understand about the hero's journey, it helps you create your off is better. So your client, your potential paid client is this hero. And when you run an ad, that's the call to adventure. When you launch your offer, when you build your landing page,

[1125:26] Speaker 0: like this page right here my moustache is

[1126:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it from my notes. When you build out your landing page, when you build out your offer, and you launch it to people, you're inviting them on the call to adventure. And what is the supernatural aid? Well, the supernatural aid is maybe their intuition led them there or, or God or it could be the Facebook algorithm. There's something supernatural about that too. And they saw your ad, and they get a decision to make, do I get mentored. And this is where you come in.

[1136:37] Speaker 0: And literally, when coaching, this is what you do with people. And when you're writing

[1138:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: your offer copy, you're telling the hero's journey story of your target customer back to them. You're helping them understand the process they have to go through, you're helping paint a picture in their mind of what it is that you're leading them to. You're building trust with them. Want to know how you sell to people effectively. I didn't invent this it was actually invented by a guy his name is Jordan Belfort and I teach everybody in my in my program, two books you're going to want to get these like, these are kind of the two books that we use in the client growth accelerator. I refer back to them more than any other books. The way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort straight line selling the art of persuasion, influence and success, you can grab this off of Amazon, I highly recommend it. And then the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy how to attract new customers and boost your sales. And this is what I'm going to teach you how to do is how to attract more customers and boost your sales. And so when you write your offer copy, you're telling the narrative story of your target customer back to them to paint a picture in their mind of what they're going to experience. So I want you to imagine your target customer is on a journey. Right here is the beginning of their journey.

[1161:59] Speaker 0: Right here might be where they meet you. Right here

[1162:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: might be where they actually sign up and pay you money. And right here is the end result that they want. And during this time is where they have a lot of struggles. And so they pay you money to basically walk with them through the struggles. Let's go right back to this right here.

[1168:11] Speaker 0: The mentor

[1168:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: challenges and temptation so they pay you to walk them through challenges and temptations to discover revelation that only you have that you can lead them to that brings transformation and atonement into their life. Now what does atonement mean? Let's look that up. It's kind of a almost like a religious word.

[1175:28] Speaker 0: The word atonement.

[1175:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: If we look up the definition of atonement,

[1176:53] Speaker 0: the definition of atonement

[1178:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: and allows them to let me see

[1179:22] Speaker 0: atonement definition

[1180:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: the reparation of wrong or injury.

[1181:27] Speaker 0: So what it is, is,

[1182:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: as your clients work with you, here's the thing.

[1183:07] Speaker 0: Let's be realistic here.

[1184:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: The journey of success is not

[1185:32] Speaker 0: sunshine and rainbows.

[1186:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's marked with peril. It's marked with scary stuff. It's marked with pitfalls. And so your job is to help people cross the chasm.

[1189:28] Speaker 0: Your target customer

[1193:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's a little stick figure right here. Your target customer is this person who is standing at the chasm of death and destruction. And if they try to jump on their own, they will almost certainly drop into the pit and die.

[1198:36] Speaker 0: Like let's think about it that way. But when they meet

[1199:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you You're right here and you're saying, Listen, I know how to make it all the way across. And as a mentor, you're guiding people to cross the chasm, and saving them from the pain of the perils of destruction. Now, here's the thing. When it comes to you building your coaching business, things can go wrong, you can lose money on your ads, you can write terrible copy, and it doesn't convert, you can waste a whole bunch of time.

[1207:52] Speaker 0: But if you work with me,

[1208:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to actually show you how to avoid those pitfalls. I'm going to show you how to learn from my mistakes, I'm gonna show you how to cross the chasm. And that's the same thing that you do with your clients. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer, if you're a course creator, what you're selling to people,

[1213:26] Speaker 0: is the results.

[1214:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: People don't pay for

[1215:38] Speaker 0: what you do.

[1216:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your target customer does not pay for what you do.

[1217:56] Speaker 0: They only pay for the possibility

[1219:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the results and outcome that they desire. Now, of course, you need to be honest, manage expectations. Most people who work with me in my business never crossed the chasm. Why is that? Because they are too afraid to take the lead, even though I show them everything to do. They're too terrified of doing

[1225:36] Speaker 0: so. And at the end of the day,

[1226:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not responsible for somebody's inability to actually do the work. Now what I can do is coach you, I can guide you, I can point you in the right direction. And it's the same thing for you, we got to give up this belief that we are responsible for the success of our clients.

[1232:13] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's a doozy.

[1233:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: There are some of you right now who have a belief that you are responsible for your clients success, and that is keeping you broke. You are responsible to sell and to market and to find as many people as possible to present them with an opportunity for success. And you can sure you can make a guarantee, I got a 30 day money back guarantee on my stuff, risk free. But at the end of the day, I can't guarantee that anybody who goes through my training is actually going to do what it takes. And we and truthfully, the majority of people that sign up with me don't do anything. Because their fear grips them they come face to face with because I'm not going to pattycake anything, I'm not going to sugarcoat it, I'm not going to go soft on you. If you're one of my clients, I am not going to make it easy for you. Because I need you to step up to a higher level, I'm going to lead you on the right path. But I expect you to show up and do the work. And it's going to be hard. And it's going to be difficult. And there are going to be things that are outside of your comfort zone. But I believe that if you're watching this right now you have what it takes. If you're on here, right now, you've been sitting listening to me for an hour and 20 minutes and you're saying, Man, this

[1253:01] Speaker 0: is really resonating. Man, this is really amazing. Don't just listen to me and do nothing with what I'm talking about.

[1256:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need you to step out there and take action. And if you get nothing from this training at all,

[1258:42] Speaker 0: all work works.

[1259:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: But overthinking will surely lead to destruction. Too many people become addicted to learning. But allergic to and afraid of, and they physically are incapable of they're literally I would go as far as to say, not everybody needs to remain this way. But they are temporarily handicapped and it is impossible for them to even take action what they're doing. How do I know this? Because I've met with people and I've told them exactly what to do. They told me yes, I'll do it. Yes, I'll do it. Six months later. Have you done it? No. Okay, great. Let's be accountable more often. Okay, great. Let's meet up every two weeks. Two weeks go by No, no, I haven't done anything. I haven't done anything. Man. He's got too much going on man. Too much going on my church man, my kids and it's just so much your beliefs, whatever mental beliefs that you have as to why you can't build your business

[1274:46] Speaker 0: will run you. So it starts

[1275:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: taking and choosing priorities that are different than you've ever done before.

[1277:45] Speaker 0: It starts taking personal responsibility for where you're at.

[1279:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the truth. You might get motivated. Today about what I'm talking about, this might light you up, this might light a fire in you, you might be feeling very excited to go out there and build a coaching business. And I believe that anybody can build a coaching business successfully. I believe that it's not just for a few people, that legitimately anybody can go out there and be successful. Doing so in fact, that's why I created the 100 Profitable Niches right here. Take a look at this on the screen right now. Career Coaching, birth coaching, retirement coaching, pet health, detoxing, organizational, read retail, parenting, Pinterest, family coaching, LinkedIn, college admission, religious coaching, spiritual coaching, drawing coaching, animation, coaching, performance, creativity, technical skills, branding, discipline, accountability, time management accounting. I believe that you have skill sets that you can package as a coaching business, and sell to people for 1000 to $2,000. But do you believe that yourself, it starts with you believing that you can actually do this. Most people never succeed? Because they don't even believe it's possible for them. And if you're somebody that's here today, saying, yes, Jeremiah, I do believe I do believe that I can do this. But I just need a little bit of guidance, the client growth accelerator is going to be the best opportunity for you that's out there. And I'm excited to work with you. And then I'm excited to have you join me with in this client growth accelerator. Again, the doors are closing on Tuesday, November 15. You have until then to make the decision to join. I can't wait to see you in there. I can't wait to work with you. I can't wait to guide you and walk you through this process of building a successful coaching business. The number one step that it starts with this writing your offer copy. Okay? Now we're gonna go into showing you how to use Jasper, I'm gonna go into showing you how to build those landing pages out. But what is step number four. So again, to recap the six steps

[1318:03] Speaker 0: Step number one, finding your niche. I showed

[1319:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you the list of niches, you get the PDF in there. You want to write your offer copy problems and solutions, your messaging how do you actually communicate your target customer. This is the most important thing because this is actually what's going to determine how hard you have to work. And it's very easy to do, and I'm gonna walk you through that process. Then you want to build the landing page, we use a tool called Squarespace to do this, Squarespace is only 30 bucks a month that you can use to build out your landing pages and build out your funnel pages. It's very easy to use, anybody can sign up for Squarespace, try it out and get a free trial. And we recommend that everybody use Squarespace, because it is the simplest, most affordable tool to grow your business online. It's the most affordable tool and we don't even really, you don't even need to create a website. Here's what I recommend people do, don't go out there and create a whole website, we recommend now what's called a funnel hub. And so a funnel hub is where you have like a homepage. And on that homepage, it just links to whatever your current offer is. And then your current offer is where you write your copy for your offer. And you get people's name and email

[1337:14] Speaker 0: addresses.

[1337:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then people sign up with you. And they sign up to here you sell to them. They sign up to here you teach them and train them. Because here's the thing. All of these offers are just sales and marketing. This is just Sales and Marketing for me and my business. I grow my business by doing live events like this. And this is actually the most effective model right now that we know to build a business is by doing live events over zoom. And I'll show you how to do that. That's what the virtual event playbook is. In the client growth accelerator is where I walk you through. What do you actually say? How do I script out a live event like this? By the way, this is all scripted out everything that I'm saying is scripted out but but it only took me like 15 minutes before I started talking. I walk you through the whole process of scripting it out in the virtual event playbook. I walk you through how to create an offer that sells I walk you through how to connect with your target customer with that offer copy so that you don't have to waste money when you start running ads and you start attracting your target customer and that's step number four right here. Once you create your offer landing page.

[1355:53] Speaker 0: Step number four is you launch it you promote it.

[1358:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Launch really isn't even the right word I think promote is the word you promote your art offer. So you create a landing page and you start telling people about it

[1361:28] Speaker 0: on your email list,

[1361:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: why do you want to grow your email list,

[1362:30] Speaker 0: it takes seven

[1363:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: to 10 interactions with somebody, before they decide to purchase from you. Some of you are gonna go through seven to 10 different trainings and pieces of content that I'm doing, before you decide to join me in my coaching program, and you're gonna decide to jump in, you're gonna decide to pay much more later, because you realize how much value there is, because you decided to wait till later. And I'm sorry, but you're not going to get a discount. But there are some of you right now that you know that this is what you need. At the client growth accelerator is what you need, I can't wait to work with you, I can't wait for you to jump into that. So people need to connect with you about seven to 10 times before they make a buying decision. And so what your job is, is to promote your offer

[1376:43] Speaker 0: to people on your email list with your social media.

[1378:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, we don't get most of our customers through social media contrary to popular opinion, well, we don't get it through organic social media, we get it through and it's called paid advertising. And paid advertising is really cool. Because if you don't know how to do paid advertising the right way, you can lose a lot of money. And a lot of people teach about organic and social media. And using organic social media, we have found in our businesses and with our clients that we can actually have more control over our target customer over our messaging over who we reach with paid advertising. And we actually have more success, while working less hours. Because you don't have to grind on direct messages. You don't have to grind on making posts all day long. Now, I do low posting on social media, don't get me wrong, I post every single day, if you follow me, check out the posts that I'm making go follow me on instagram go plug in to some of my content. I make posts every single day to connect with my target customer, to connect with coaches to connect with course creators. I have a podcast that I put out there to help you with full full lessons full episodes on the podcast that will help you grow in your business and get the kind of results that you want in your business. I got a YouTube channel with nearly 1000 video trainings on YouTube right now selling more with ads that you can check out. So there's so much content out there that I put out there. But here's the thing.

[1404:33] Speaker 0: This is the

[1404:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: step that most beginner course creators and coaches don't do enough of. And this was my problem. So I had actually created offers, I wrote my offer copy. I was doing all the organic social

[1408:07] Speaker 0: media clap back. But my business

[1409:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: wasn't making more than 1000 to $2,000 a month. And truthfully the way the algorithms are now you're not going to make more than that. After about two to three years of grinding the organic thing. It's just very difficult. But what happened was I started promoting my offers, I started putting offers out there to my target customer, I started running live events like this doing virtual events where I show up and work communicate. And some of you might be watching me right now saying Jeremiah, I don't feel comfortable talking on camera like you do. I don't think I could talk for an hour or two hours straight. Here's the thing, I didn't feel comfortable as well. When I got started. I was afraid to do this. I was shaking in my skin. I was sweating all the time. But it was a skill set that I committed to learning because I knew that it would work. And I knew that it would produce results. And it's one of those things that might be uncomfortable for you to start. It might not be inside of your comfort zone. It might not be your skill set. But you will get better at it by doing it more often. And one of the number one here's here's the reason why most people don't make six figures in their coaching business.

[1427:29] Speaker 0: They're not selling enough.

[1428:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're they're not getting in front of enough new people to sell to. And they're just trying to to create content that piques people's interest and safe. Hopefully people ask me about my coaching. Hopefully people click the link in my bio. That's not a way to grow a business. And that's not going to make you six figures. And so we have to explicitly

[1435:12] Speaker 0: promote our business.

[1437:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we do so with paid ads. That way you're not spamming the organic social media content. I don't post a lot of offers on my organic social media. But I send my offers to my list I tell people about my offers all the time. I'm constantly promoting to get new people on my email list that I can connect with that I can hear from what do they want to work with. That way, then I can show them the process that way, then I can demonstrate to them what it takes to actually get results. And I can lead them to start to do the work and make offers to them to join my programs. And that's how we build our business. So that's really the model is you do a live event, you create some kind of a freebie offer

[1452:00] Speaker 0: some kind of a, a free offer on video.

[1454:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could either do it like this one, it's like a one day experience. You could do on a multi day experience,

[1456:52] Speaker 0: you know, a three day event. Why would

[1457:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do more days, the more time you have with somebody, the more trust you can build with them. For instance, the amount of trust that I'm building with you right now on today, if you've never been any of my events is very low. You might say, No, Jeremiah, I'm still not quite sure about

[1461:26] Speaker 0: you. That's okay, totally fine.

[1462:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you keep plugging into the different events that we're doing, and we're going to have multiple events coming up this month, where I'm going to show you about advertising and about funnels and about diving deeper to the process of writing your copy and creating your offers, we're gonna dive even deeper into that. And that allows you to build trust with people. And that's the process that most course creators and coaches don't do. They're so focused on mapping out their course, they're so focused on creating their coaching program, that they're not presenting and selling to their target prospect. They're not finding new people that are out there that need what they offer. And then they're wondering, why don't I have a coaching business, you can no longer rely on the algorithms to show your content to people, you can no longer rely on just grinding it out and hoping that people become your customer, you have to start to do outreach to people. Now, I'm not a big fan of cold direct messages. Truthfully, it takes about 600 direct messages to get one sale on a cold DM, whereas we only need about 30 people to sign up for a training like this, to become a customer cost us about $5 to get a lead. It's 166 bucks a month for the first month of our coaching, guess what we make back the cost and more off of running our advertising. And then we get the whole profit for the next 11 months. So we're actually 11 axing our ad spend from day one, with this methodology. With my client, Joshua Giles, we actually ran ads $1,000 In adds to a three day event that he did. And he was able to, I believe at x, his investment, in seven days, he brought an $80,000. And then he did it again and got his number up to $140,000.

[1493:41] Speaker 0: In 30 days,

[1494:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing this exact process that I'm showing you, this is the exact process that got Rick Pino to over a million dollars in one month. This is the exact process that we're using right now at my mom's business, where she's teaching stocks. And we're and we're actually getting hundreds of 1000s of dollars in new customers. In fact, last month, we add a $200,000 in new business to her business. This month, we added another $200,000 in business and we only spent I think about $5,000 nets, running live events, running virtual events, finding people that want to learn how to invest in the stock market and leading them to a virtual event, leading them to go through her wealth wisdom bootcamp and to learn from her a training from people that want to learn how to trade in the stock market, you might say, well, the stock markets down yes, but she shows you how to make money while while it's going down. And you can learn from that by going through this and it's actually on demand. Now. The training did so good. It's sold so much that she said let's just put the recording up and run it to people. And that's what's so cool. When you get really good at selling in your business. You can do what Sandy does right here. We actually do your event live. It's sold so well to people that then you just run ads to people to watch the recording. And it keeps bringing in clients for you. And that's eventually where we get our customers to is where they can actually run recordings. That way you're not working all the time. You're not having to be live on camera all the time. You're able to create this evergreen or it's not taking up all of your hours. leverage in your business. Now I personally like live, I like connecting with people. That's why the VIP is one of my favorite times that I spend with people I'm going to be, I'm so excited to spend our time in the VIP to answer your questions. After the session, we're going to go into that in about 25 minutes.

[1524:00] Speaker 0: But I want to ask you a question. What is stopping you from growing your coaching business?

[1527:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is stopping you from working through these six steps, finding your niche? Writing your offer copy, creating your landing page. You might say Well, I'm not technically savvy, I don't know what to say. Let me help you show you how to do that. Let me walk you through that process. Let's work together for the next year in my client growth accelerator, to walk you through every single step where I get to come alongside you and guide you through that process in your business, where I get to show you every single step of the way, for your messaging for your marketing, for your ads for your leads for your landing pages, for your copy for your offers, to start to get you results in your business. So it's hard to generate cash flow in your business. You can find it over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator, it can jump in for just $2,000 or 12 payments of $166.42 a month. Now, some of you might say, well, Jeremiah, so this is just a bait and switch where you're just tricked people into listening to you for two hours, and all you're doing is selling to them.

[1547:04] Speaker 0: That's

[1547:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: a judgment call that some of you might share. Yeah.

[1549:37] Speaker 0: This is all sales and marketing for me.

[1550:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: But have I delivered value T? Have I shown you the process that we're using, that's generating six and seven figures in our coaching businesses, we build an offer, we build a landing page, we write copy, we find people with ads. The algorithm allows you to actually tap into with artificial intelligence. Who are your target customers? How do we do that? When you put an offer out there, the words that you're using your copy, Facebook will filter that through their AI, and find the people that are most likely to do that. They analyze your page and actually find the people that are most likely to become your customer, and then show it to more of those people, the artificial intelligence and you don't even need to know how to set it up, works for you on autopilot. It's amazing. That's what we show you how to do in my Facebook ads Made Easy course, in the program. And the Tick Tock ads course is how to actually tap into the paid advertising algorithms of tick tock, Facebook and Instagram ads and actually show ads to people that are relevant to what they're looking for. Have you ever noticed where you're like, Man, I just thought about buying that product. And suddenly I saw an ad for it. That's called the artificial intelligence at work. And so I show you and I walk you through how to set up ad campaigns that actually show your offer to people that are actually looking for it. And so that all you have to do is gather those people in front of you on a live training on Zoom like this. And just connect with them. Just share with them your heart. And then tell them about what you have to offer. No hard selling, no manipulation, no slimy tactics, no bombarding them in the DMS. Here's the thing, I'm not going to bombard you and your DMS after this. If you're not feeling hold by what I'm talking about today, to join the client growth accelerator, then I actually feel competent that you're probably not met for the program, that's probably not a good fit for you. If you're not feeling like you need to jump into this right now then it's probably not a good fit for you right now. So the methodology that we use is not about chasing customers and acting like you're desperate. It's about merely attracting the people that are looking for what you offer and presenting to them an opportunity. And then what you do is you sell to those people, and then you analyze the results. Okay, we ran this offer and that's step number five. Step number five on the list

[1594:53] Speaker 0: is you analyze the results. You look at

[1596:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: how did it sell? Did it produce the kind of sales you wanted?

[1598:10] Speaker 0: And then you repeat the process three to four times. Repeat So

[1600:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you analyze the results, you analyze the feedback that you got from people, you analyze the q&a. Remember, I mentioned the q&a is so important. Having people tell you what they want to learn, having people tell you and communicate to you what they want to learn. There's even a tool that you can get, and I don't, I'm not an affiliate of the tool, but it's called group convert, where you can actually it's this, it's this tool, where they answer questions in your Facebook group. And you get to download their questions to a Google document, and 17 bucks a month, where you can do what I do, and I just copy and paste them over. You gather feedback from people, like this document that I have right here about what people want to learn about their coaching business, about what people are struggling with, about what they want to learn from me about what they want me to teach them. And what your job is, is you want to go through the six steps, finding your niche, writing your offer, copy, creating your landing page, launching it with email, ads, social media, analyzing the results, and then looping back to repeating the process.

[1621:20] Speaker 0: Back from step one,

[1622:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you go back through this process each time and you find people and what's gonna happen is you're going to get better and better and better at your offer, your offer is going to be more aligned with the people that you're meant to work with. Your offer is going to be more energetically aligned with the people that that are meant to be a part of you. And you're going to repel the wrong customers away from you. You're gonna attract the right ones to you. Here's the thing, I don't even worry anymore, am I attracting the right people? Because I know that I know that I know that if I show up by just following these six steps that the right people are in front of me. And that's how we built coaching businesses for 19 years. We don't have to worry about man, are we attracting the right people, because when you work these six steps, the process works for you. The process works for you. And that's what we dive into in the client growth accelerators. We work with you through those six steps, finding your niche, writing your offer copy, we work together to write that offer copy with you going through that recipe. In Jasper, we work with you to build your offer, build out your landing page, we work with you to write your ads to launch your ads to make sure that they're up and running. We work with you to analyze the results we work with you to to make the adjustments along the way. Really, it's just five steps six is just there because you need to then repeat the process. And so if you're somebody that is a coach is a course creator, and you're saying Jeremiah, I'm tired of struggling, I want to get on the fast track to making six and even seven figures in my coaching business. I'm not super techy, I don't have a huge following yet. And I don't even have my offer figured out yet. Client growth accelerators for you, even if you are somebody that has been successful, it's also a great opportunity for you to jump in here. And to start to get around a group of people that are working together that are growing together that are building their business together we meet every single week in the Facebook group. And here's the other part about the Facebook group. Okay. You might say well, what if I can't make the live calls.

[1657:32] Speaker 0: You can actually post in the group.

[1658:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we can review your offers. These are offers from clients that are in here that are running their offers that are creating this. These are people that are creating live offers every single every single week that we're working with, and they're able to post in the Facebook group about what they need help with about where they're stuck on their offer, about what they're stuck learning. They're showing their ads, they're presenting these

[1664:46] Speaker 0: and they're helping you and

[1665:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm in there helping you and I'm answering I respond to every single post in here. They're answering these are coaches house flipping, self defense, computer programming, the healing from narcissistic abuse, hearing God's voice better, these are ideas these are concepts, writing a recipe book using AI to write books, these are like amazing people in here. Just we have the best clients, the most amazing clients that are building businesses that are growing coaching businesses and impacting people connecting with their soulmate clients and I think that some of you, this is going to be the best opportunity for you. Okay, now here's the thing I promise you this I want to show you how that how that how Jasper works, because honestly Jasper, if you get nothing from this, I'd love for you to sign up for Jasper. I'm going to send you a link as well to a free trial to Jasper. And most of you can actually use the free trial to actually get results in your business, you can actually use the free trial to do this. It gives you 10,000 words, to use Jasper, okay? And Jasper is the one tool that I say, no matter what platform you're using, you need to use Jasper to write your copy. Most people are skeptical, skeptical about how good Jasper isn't actually writing their copy. And they're amazed when they start using it. And so signing up for the free trial and getting boss mode right here. This is what you want to do. And I'll send you a link in your email to my my trial link that you can use of this. With the free trial, you get 10,000 Free words that you get to use in Jasper. And here's what's really cool for most people to write their offer copy, it only takes about two to 5000 words. So you can actually write up for offers with the free trial, which is awesome. It's also worth the investment upgrade of the paid version. It's absolutely amazing. And so with this recipe, the perfect offer copy for course graders and coaches recipe. It's one of the most downloaded community recipes that they have. So Jasper is an AI tool that knows how to write better than a human writer. It really is that good. And again, I get it you might be skeptical. AI is getting really stinking good. It'll help you with your social media, your advertising your articles, your emails, your website, and even generates graphics for you now. And so let me explain a little bit about how this works. Somebody that might wonder, so Elon Musk actually invested in how many of you heard of Elon Musk, he's he's kind of the AI guru, Elon Musk, Sam Altman and a bunch of other tech gurus, invested in open AI, this company right here. And open AI provides an API for natural language tasks. What are natural language tasks? Well, the API actually writes as if it's a human being. That's writing. And it's trained on the entire internet, up until 2021. Now here's what's really cool, because it's traded on the entire internet up to 2021. It's able to pull in, and by the way, it does so without plagiarizing. They have a plagiarism checker in there, it actually writes and generates content, that's original content for your offers. And all of the offers that we're using. For our top clients. Our most successful clients have been written with Jasper,

[1720:27] Speaker 0: all the copy of worship coach was written with Jasper.

[1721:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: All the copy for my mom's offers, were written with Jasper, all this words right here were written with Jasper, all the ads written with Jasper. All the offers at my website were written with Jasper. This offer copy was written with Jasper. And it starts with using the community recipe that I wrote. So it's one of the top recipes, you'll actually go to page three of the recipes. And it's right here at the top here. Perfect offer copy. For course creators and coders. I made this back in April. It's one of the greatest tools that you can use. And it's actually designed based off of Dan Kennedy's the Ultimate Sales Letter book. So I actually took what Dan Kennedy taught in here about writing copy. And I'm actually going to show you the page of what it is. So he teaches you need to understand about your target customer. What keeps them up at night?

[1736:31] Speaker 0: What are they afraid of?

[1737:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is how you diagnose your market to actually write copy. What are they angry about? What are their top frustrations? What trends occur in their life? What do they secretly desire the most? What is their built in bias when it comes to their decision making? Do they have their own language? Who else is selling to them? Who else has tried and failed? And so this recipe is actually designed based off that you fill in? Who is your customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? What is your methodology? What is the best case results scenario of working with you. And I'm going to show you how it works. The AI actually generates your offer copy for you. So let's actually fill this in right now. Let's say that your customer is a a student who wants to work for Marvel Studios, creating comic books for a living problem they have. They have no art skill, and they struggle to know what a reputable source of learning is. This is a real problem. What solution you offer them an easy to follow coaching program that will teach them everything they need to get a job working for Disney, and how to avoid the biggest mistakes they might encounter. Along the way sounds like a pretty cool offer right there.

[1763:31] Speaker 0: What does the methodology include?

[1764:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: An online coaching platform where we teach and mentor young artists, on how to create comic books, and animations, best case scenario. So this is where you got to start dreaming about and you got to start to understand what is the ultimate result that they're gonna get. And this is where some people's brains have trouble going, I want you to think about if everything went perfect with your coaching with your coaching client, what will be the ultimate end result. So for me, it would be somebody making $100 million in their coaching business $10 million in their coaching business for this would be, they would get a six figure job working for Disney and be featured as an animator in one of the future, and animation movies. That's the result of a scenario. So you're selling the dream of this. And so you really want to understand this more than anything else. What is the result that you're selling to people? What does that end result? So then Jasper says to generate answers to these questions, what keeps them up at night, they're worried they don't have the skill set to know where to start. So I'm pressing CTRL, Enter on my keyboard, they're afraid they don't have the skill set to get the job. They're not knowing where to start. What are their top three daily frustrations? They don't have enough time to learn everything. They don't know where to start, and they're not sure that information is correct. They some people may be biased against some online learning they want to learn in a classroom setting. Otherwise, they might be biased against comic books, I think the animation is immature, or storytelling makes sense. They secretly desire a level of success to be comfortable to support themselves by failing at the work they dream of being featured in the Marvel movie as an animator, I want to be known for their skill and talent in the comic book industry. So it's generating that info. So this is basically a psychological profile about your target customer. You can also ask Jasper questions. Why would someone want to do the above? They want to be part of creating stories that entertain people around the world. They want to be they're passionate of the film industry want to make blockbuster movies they want because they're still artists want to showcase their talents. All right? Let's write some headlines based on the above how to get a job in Marvel studio, the best way to learn comic book illustration. How to land your dream job in animation. What a great headline for a coaching program.

[1806:45] Speaker 0: skeptical questions? How

[1807:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: do we know it's legit? Is it information is there a risk of not finding a job? Do other companies offer similar courses, this one of a kind. So this actually helps inject doubt into the copy, which is awesome, because it'll start to argue that now we're the only company that offers detailed coaching to teach you how to get hired by Marvel Studios. And you might be able to change this to say how to get hired a job at a big budget film studio, right we can actually remove the word Marvel studio, because you can't guarantee that but get hired by a big budget film studio. On Atlanta Dream job at big budget film studios. See, so we're putting that in there. Now this is where the copy gets really fun. And this is usually right about where people's offers are created. And Jasper is helping us write this Jasper is helping us come up with what are the words to say. So this is how we actually write a lot of our copy. It's hard to know where to start when it comes to getting a job. At a big budget Studio, you may feel like you don't have the skill set you're not knowledgeable enough for your for the industry. Our detailed coaching program will teach you everything that you need to know in order to land your dream job. We'll provide an online learning platform and a team of experts available to help you learn at your own pace. That sounds pretty darn good.

[1829:52] Speaker 0: And then eight a copy. So what

[1830:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: is PS PS copy is problem agitate solution. We're This is the problem. It's hard or agitating the problem or diving into why they're struggling. And then our solution the ultimate solution and the solution that you need to lead everybody to the solution is that you're not just one of the best chances of people to see it succeed. You are the best chance for people to succeed.

[1837:04] Speaker 0: You are the best

[1837:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: opportunity and you need to believe that about your offer. You need to believe that you are the best opportunity for people because when you show up to the table when you're on a virtual event when you're teaching people when you're coaching people when you're, when you're selling to them, they need to believe that success is possible by working with you. And if you don't believe that in yourself, you're not going to be able to help other people do that. And if you're somebody that doesn't believe in yourself, I'd love for you to join the client growth accelerated because I want to help build up that belief in you by getting around an environment of people that believe in themselves that know where they're going, you're gonna get around a group of people that are going to help raise you up to the level that maybe you've never experienced in your life. That's going to help take you to heights that you never thought were possible for you by joining the client growth accelerator. It's only $166 a month. It's a commitment for the next year. Yes. Is it a risk joining? Yes, absolutely. But it's risk free for at least the first 30 days, you could take the next 30 days in that program, go through all the courses, check them out, see if they'll work for you. And I will, I'll give you your money back on that first month. If you write me within 30 days, I will give you that first month back and you're not obligated to pay the rest of the 12 months after the 30 days. Yes, I expect that you're going to pay the rest of the 12 months. That's why it's a 12 month program. Okay. That's how we do things right now. It's a 12 month commitment, because I believe that if you get into an immersive environment for 12 months, it's going to transform you and you will not recognize your life a year from now. We get to work together on your copy, we get to go over the Jasper recipe together. Here's a better way to say it. attention, interest desire action, the ADA copy. Are you looking for a new job in the film industry, Marvel Studios is one of the best known respected film studios, we offer you coaching, learn at your own pace and how to do so. So you can actually take this and this will give you some of the words that you need to dial in your offer copy to dial in what are those words? What are the motivations to understand and get into the mind of your target customer. Back in the day, we used to have to struggle to do this. Now you can use artificial intelligence to actually do a lot of your market research for you. Now another place you want to use to do market research is you want to look on Amazon, you want to type in any sort of books that are out there that teach what it is that you teach. You want to look at one of the language that people are putting into their copy the fundamentals of animation covers the first steps of 3d animation dissects the core concepts. So this is language that your customer will resonate, you can actually copy some of this into Jasper, and it will base some of what you're writing off some of that Amazon is one of the best places to basically feed the algorithm to basically feed the the, the artificial intelligence in Jasper. Okay, and so I'm going to take some of this right here. This is going to be more about computer animation. Let's say that you teach computer animation we're going to take that into here, and we'll be able to dive into a backstory about our target customer John always loved comic books. But he was determined that this is the AI generating this he was determined to learn what he needed to get a job at Marvel Studios we struggle with the issue of needed not having a formal training coaching program was intense, but it was worth it. By the end he learned all about comic book illustration animation. Because amaze me, he finally got the job as part of the team to make movies like Iron Man and Thor. He couldn't be happier. That's amazing. Literally, that is the story of your target customer the hero's journey we talked about the hero's journey. So when you can discover the hero's journey of your target customer. And you can use a tool like Jasper to come up with the language that you didn't already have. Then you just tell that story right back to your client.

[1901:36] Speaker 0: You create landing pages.

[1902:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like what we have right here where you go to my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. When you sign up for this training, grow your coaching business from zero to six figures. Jasper wrote this Jasper identifies these problems. Jasper identified what people are actually looking for a proven repeatable strategy and helped us write this copy. And now that's what we deliver to people. And that's what you get with the client growth accelerator. Last thing again I did I promised you this I'm going to show you this this is how easy it is to actually create a landing page

[1911:52] Speaker 0: in Squarespace. You can actually go in get started.

[1914:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Create a page in Squarespace.

[1915:48] Speaker 0: I liked this earlier

[1916:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: version of Squarespace. I walk you through all this

[1916:31] Speaker 0: in the program. You start with a template and instantly

[1917:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have a site up instantly. You have a you have a website that you can start to use and you can start to edit this you can edit the photos and the tech

[1920:00] Speaker 0: just become

[1921:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: a high paid animator today. And then you can literally edit this text put your offer copyright here, you don't need to build out a whole website you can literally build out a landing page with a simple graphic by going here adding a page into Squarespace, a brand new blank page, you click the page and here's what I suggest people do. You go to canva.com You don't need to hire a graphic designer you sign up for a pro account what is

[1929:43] Speaker 0: extremely affordable let's let's actually

[1931:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: look at the pricing of a pro account right here and sign up monthly 1299 A month gives you over 100 million stock photos, Free 610,000 Free templates that you can use for your graphics and for your marketing. And there are templates that you can actually use to design graphics for your website. So you type in here website header

[1941:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll look at here's one digital illustration course we could change this to digital animation course. learn step by step with our professional coaches join now you can literally take this template use this as the header of your website by just changing one word

[1946:01] Speaker 0: on it. Download it

[1947:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: somebody has taught that it was a lot more difficult to actually create a funnel page you edit this page right here you click on an image you drag and drop the image right there

[1952:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: which I let's edit this let's actually take this image let's make it fullscreen and then you take some of this copy that we wrote in Jasper right PS copy based on the above

[1958:28] Speaker 0: right at all copy, paste so let's just say

[1960:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: like this is your this is your offer copyright here. We'll take this right here. Are you looking for a new job in the film industry, let's just say that this is your offer right

[1963:03] Speaker 0: here. Your coaching program. You take these words, you edit and Jasper. You type in the text you put that into Squarespace.

[1967:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now let's say you don't like the color of that font, you go to design

[1969:50] Speaker 0: you click on template,

[1970:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go to site style site styles, you click on this section right here. And then you can change the color of that text

[1973:15] Speaker 0: is easily right there.

[1974:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So literally, this could be an offer for somebody right here that they could run ads to. They add the little newsletter block where people sign up with their name and email address. And then you have this linked to MailChimp I don't use Squarespace has built an email, I don't really like it. So you could link it to a MailChimp account right here. And MailChimp allows you to capture name and email

[1981:31] Speaker 0: addresses for free for up to

[1983:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: 25 or 500 contacts, you know 500 email addresses and send up to 2500 emails for free right here. And then you just go up to $10 a month to send more emails to up to up to 50,000 people. So MailChimp allows you to then set up automated emails. So people sign up on your funnel. They join your funnel, just like I showed you on the on the podcast episode right here.

[1993:13] Speaker 0: They visit

[1993:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: the landing page on your website, the opt in page where they actually give their name and email address. So this is your opt in page. This is what we call an opt in page. This is where they sign up name and email address and I would change some of this text right here right let's say it's a free training. Sign up for this free training today. Throw some finger down emojis right there. So now this becomes your landing page. And notice, I literally put together a landing page on Squarespace, and less than five minutes. And that's how quick it is. That's how fast it is. It doesn't have to take you longer than that. If you're doing anything more technical than what I just showed you how to do to launch your coaching business. If you're trying to create graphics and branding and design a website's more technical than that you're wasting time and you're losing money. And this is what I tell my clients to do. Create your offer, dial in your offer, copy with Jasper, create landing pages, get some leads into your pipeline, and then make presentations to people, somebody might sign up for this training right here. They might get access to a paid training, or maybe it's a live one. And so if it's a live one, you'll want to like we do right here. You want to actually tell people okay, when is it? Well, it's today? How long is it, it's about two hours long, we've gone. So a minute over, we're about to end here real soon. And we're gonna go jump into the VIP. Okay. And so like this is a live event that we're doing where people show up live, I created this with the same process that I just walked you through the same exact process. And this is what's growing our business. And this is what if you join the client growth accelerator, we will work with you through that process together, of creating your messaging, getting your customers launching your offers, and growing that coaching business together. And so the question I got to ask you this is what are you waiting for? What doubt Do you have? What hesitancy Do you have? The truth is, when it comes to building our businesses, we have to take steps of faith, we have to do things that might feel a little bit scary, that might feel a little bit risky jumping into the client growth accelerator might be a risk for you. But that's why I'm taking all of the risk for the first 30 days.

[2033:40] Speaker 0: That's why I am

[2034:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: giving you the opportunity to join the program, go through all the courses, all the training, jump on the live calls, be able to ask me questions, get some help for 30 days, without any risk to you. So the question you got to ask yourself is this? What are you waiting for?

[2039:30] Speaker 0: I'd love to see you in the

[2039:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: program, I'd love to have you join me in the cloud growth accelerator. Plus, you get all these Fast Start bonuses when you join before midnight on Tuesday, November 15, you got three days to decide. This is going to be the best chance I believe for you to join, for you to start to get the type of clients that you want in your business for you to start to make the kind of money that you want to make for you to start to build the family legacy that you want for use it to build wealth and to grow your business, you're able to make six and eventually seven figures. And I'd love to be the mentor to help you do that. Jump into the client growth accelerator over at my website today. I can't wait to work with you. I can't wait to walk you through this process. I can't wait for you to go through this journey together with our group. For the rest of you that are in the VIP, maybe you're like, Hey, I'm not in the VIP. Go check out one of the emails go check out the link that was sent to you with this post. It'll have a link in there to upgraded the VIP and you can get questions answered. If you've been asking questions throughout this, I'm not paying attention to any of the questions that are on here live. I'm teaching, if you want to go ask me questions, you gotta go jump into the VIP. And so you can do that by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash upgrade dash two dash VIP. And it's still just $7 That's it $90 off for the next 24 hours. It's just $7 free to join the VIP. You'll get all these bonus trainings to finding your niche training, the mindset foundations training, the seven figure uplevel training, fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business. And a complete funnel building tech training actually spent almost an hour going through the process of building out your funnel together, plus the bonus PDFs. And you can ask me questions and so I can't wait to see you over in the VIP. I'm gonna go hop over to that if you want the recording of this session, and we don't have any questions to ask, but you just want the recording. Go upgrade to the VIP, you'll get the recording. If you don't have the link to do so. Send an email to me go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Send an email to the link over my website. And we'll get you set up with that. Alright. Thanks for being here today. Thanks for listening to this. If you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor and you're saying I want to make six figures. This is a path to do so, and this is a path that I truly believe will work for those that do the work Jump into the accelerator I'd love to have you in there we'll talk soon everybody have a good one

