Coaching - Lesson 9
Date: 2022-03-02T00:48:19.000Z
Duration: 6 min
Otter ID: mUHir_7AowmOnJ9AguR6Q6oM1jU
---

[0:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So before we close this out, I'm going to talk about a few things that you know, they didn't fit into their own full length lesson, but I'm going to go over them. One of them is pre recorded coaching. Now, this is a few things. One, when you're doing group coaching, you can pre record the content for that week for the group and put it out there. Now, the downside of this is that you can't base your content off of live feedback that you're getting from people, sometimes it's nice to take live feedback and questions right after. And so it really depends on intentionally showing up that way. If you don't like doing it live pre recorded is a way at least to get your feet wet, and to start experiencing the coaching and group coaching together. But at the at the end of the day, I want you to grow to the place where you can talk live with people take questions, and really become a leader where you can show up in a room, you don't have any notes, but you know exactly how you're going to help people and how you're going to help them grow in your specific niche. And that's where you want to get to okay. But pre recorded coaching is a way that you can kind of grow in this, you can also pre record a message for your coaching clients and send it out to them, this becomes bonus value that you're sending to people to where you can pre record stuff in the middle of the week and have added bonus messages for them. And so that's a great thing that you can do. Obviously, for one on one coaching, you can't pre record one on one coaching, but you could pre record certain messages for single clients to send them as well, or a group of clients. And if you're doing your business, right, and you have your niche, right, and you have your, your your audience, right, your message will translate across the board to all of the clients that you have. And so that will help you to make one thing and you say it to everybody that you're working with. And that's what's really, really awesome with that now, next is becoming a better coach, I think that every coach can improve and become better. And one of the best things is to get a coach yourself is to find somebody to help coach you. And to have somebody that holds you accountable, to observe how they do their coaching. And so one thing that I'd love to say is I'd love to work with you. If you're somebody that has gone through this course you've gotten to this point in the course Listen, you're serious about what you're doing. And I'd love to coach you in how to grow your business, build your business, and come alongside you to work with how do we reach your customers? How do we build your offers? And how do we scale this thing to six and even seven figures together. And so if you're somebody that wants to do coaching with me, you can find information on my website about one on one coaching or the different coaching group coaching that I have as well. And if you want to do one on one coaching, you can reach out and we can do a discovery call together for just one call to people but 45 minutes long, if they're serious about investing and coaching, but only those that are serious about investing. So just gonna ask you don't waste my time. If you just got some questions to ask, by scheduling that call with me if you got questions to ask, send me a direct message. shoot me a message, a DM an email, I respond to those posts in the Facebook group post on my social media. And I'll respond to any of those questions that you asked me on there. Okay. But to become a better coach, you got to commit to personal development. Don't ever assume that you know everything. As a coach, don't ever assume that you know, all that it takes. I've been doing this for a long time. And I don't know everything. And I'm improving constantly, every single month, getting mentorship, getting coaching, learning exactly what I don't know, so that I can become the best version of myself. And so you got to commit to the same thing for yourself as well. Don't step into a place of pride where you think you know, at all, ever, always be a learner, always realize there's more to learn. And that's the evolution of your coaching as well as, as you grow, you're going to evolve more commit to personal development, so that you don't project your issues onto your clients. We've talked about that throughout this whole thing. And lastly, how do we scale your coaching business for the most profit? Well,

[65:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: we talked briefly about this. But my course irresistible offers that sell, and my course social media ads that work as well as an upcoming course. At the time of this recording, making a tic tock course, tentative title tic tock ads Made Easy than to really dive deep into that because we're starting to see a lot of results from tick tock ads. And and those courses are how you're going to be able to reach people by running ad campaigns, to offers that connect with people. One of the best ways is doing live events, to reach people at scale with your programs and then combining coaching and courses together. You're gonna be able to scale your business to reach the most profit we talked about the different value ladders in the last lesson and so figure out start building your coaching program today. Start setting that up. You're going to want to set up your website my course website building Made Easy talks about setting up your website online. aerospace, it's very easy to do very cost effective, they'll help you a whole lot. All right. So there's no reason for you to stay broke as a coach, there's just not. There's no reason for you to struggle as a coach at all anymore. If you want to succeed, as a coach, you have to first start by believing that you can, and second, do the work. And third, promote what you do, and connect and communicate with people. The more you learn to connect and communicate with people, the better you're going to get with coaching, the better you're going to be at teaching, the better you're going to get at bringing transformation to people's lives. That's what this is all about, is how to bring transformation to other people's lives. It's how to change people's lives. You're not the one doing the change, but you're leading them to that change. And that changes everything for everybody. And so, I believe that we're gonna see some amazing coaches that come out of this program. Again, check out the other programs that I have plugged into the Grow Your Life podcast. We'll talk soon everybody have a good one.

