Create & Launch Your Coaching Business To 6 Figures
Date: 2022-10-21T02:47:33.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: 69KL7HS40PKh5ag0D__ZGKCNd_E
---

[52:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: alumnus so my camera isn't working Yes. You see, there we go. That's working better. How's everyone doing?

[59:19] Speaker 1: Good? Who?

[61:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who has a question to start? Wasn't start with the questions today was power packed? power packed? Who's got some questions?

[66:48] Speaker 2: I do.

[67:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, what's up, Carmen? Okay. I have a question. Yeah. So

[69:44] Speaker 2: how do you

[71:19] Speaker 4: how do you use your cuz my website is through GoDaddy? And how do I move that over to Squarespace? That was my first question.

[74:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you'll hold out each page on the new Squarespace site, building out a whole new site from scratch. Okay, but the thing is, for most of you, at this point, at least for your coaching business, you could build the site just for your coaching to that's the thing, you could just make it like your name coaching. So it could be like a secondary site, that that when people find Did you know they have like a link to that? And then you have a link to your other site on it. That's how I would roll it out quickly. Yeah, it seems like now you don't have to build the whole site out, you just kind of got a banner with your coaching with what your offer is. And then you have go find my other site here and it goes to the one you already have built. That's her way of doing that. That's so funny. I've never told anybody that which is funny, because nobody asked a question the way that you just did.

[86:48] Speaker 3: Okay, perfect.

[87:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we've done that all the time with our clients before, is kind of linked to it that way, because it's about speed. It's about how quickly can you get up that offer that gets people to give you their name and email address? Yeah,

[91:05] Speaker 3: exactly.

[91:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. What's your other question?

[92:17] Speaker 4: Now, where did I write it? In my day planner somewhere?

[93:36] Speaker 5: Oh, my gosh. Okay.

[94:45] Speaker 4: All right. Remember your question? Okay, I don't remember anymore. I'll have to find it. All right, nobody else can ask

[99:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Miranda.

[100:17] Speaker 2: And my question was, I just have the domain name that I see here to GoDaddy, so I can just plug that in there. And then the website

[102:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's very easy to do, they have a whole instruction on how to do that. You just change a few settings and GoDaddy. You can even call GoDaddy up and they can walk you through it really easy. They have support, at least they used to have GoDaddy support that would do that. And I think they still do. If you bought your domain name through them, they should be able to support you to help you link it to Squarespace.

[108:11] Speaker 5: Vanessa?

[109:29] Speaker 6: Yeah, I went looking at Squarespace, and it did give me the option to plug in my, I guess, transfer my website. So I guess if you wanted to do that, my question is was along those lines, but someone who helped me set up my website initially got me like, I guess, plugged in or verified on Google? Can you kind of elaborate a little bit on that? Because I don't quite know what she did. And it was like a one time kind of service or what do you think about that?

[116:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: We don't do much about of anything with SEO, most of the coaching and course businesses aren't really like doing a lot of the SEO stuff. I don't know much about the verified by Google thing. I've never, that's

[119:30] Speaker 6: all she said. She said I put you on Google. And I got you up and blending

[120:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: on Google in two seconds by pushing your site through a link that tells Google you exist. So

[122:19] Speaker 6: I guess maybe it's because she bought my domain through there. And I don't know. I just don't understand. Yeah, no,

[123:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I'm on Google. And it's just because you're on there. If you're on the internet anywhere.

[125:44] Speaker 7: I went through a verification process for Google, but it was for email. It wasn't to do with the list. Really? That's all okay. Yeah.

[127:46] Speaker 6: Yeah, I just I don't know, it sent me a link for my Google business and all of that.

[129:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, yeah. I mean, that's just, they got you set up in there. It's that's it? Yeah, it's a basic thing.

[131:46] Speaker 6: I guess. So I could get reviews on Google. I don't I don't know. I don't really understand it. Again, I'm not I haven't been a good tech person. And I'm, I've been saying for years,

[134:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: started marketing. If anything else,

[135:11] Speaker 6: I think that that's what it was, because she's ended up she was in a marketing. Marketing is

[136:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna come from having that offer that people sign up with you with and then making offers to your email list. So they might not sign up with you on offer one. But they might offer two or offer three or offer four, they might sign up for one offer, they don't register on the number, the next one. But then they have another one as you're tuning your messaging, like, whoa, that's exactly what I need help with. And then they jump in and another offer with you. So I've had a number of number of people do that as well. Okay. Because I have multiple touchpoints with people build that trust with them, to make that connection. And there's a customer journey that people are on from where they met you, and what their ultimate end goal is, and you want to figure out what that goal is, and essentially guide them across across every step of the journey to where when you meet them, your goal is say hi. I help people get to here. Would you like to come along with me and it's kind of an invitation into a wild, wacky adventure that they've never experienced?

[152:58] Speaker 6: Right? That's what I'm coming back to this realizing and connecting those dots now that with your help, I mean, your guidance is really helping me to I mean, that's this is exactly what I've needed. Personally, this is what I've been looking for. So

[156:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. That's wonderful. Janet.

[158:24] Speaker 3: Great evening, everybody. Yeah, I have a Couple of things I share with you that I had already put together a freebie for this coaching program. Now, since you told me since you suggested a six to eight week course, I think I'm going to go that route first. And then maybe upsell into a six month coaching program or something like that. What's your take? The freebie was a 45 minute webinar where you brought people in and talk to them about it. Yeah. My question is, once you do that webinar, or whatever that is, in my case, it was a webinar, can is there an opportunity to repurpose that or, I mean, you did it one time. So by just at this point, now, Ron adds to that, so that it just keeps being available.

[174:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: If it sold really well for you, okay. If it didn't sell, you don't want to do that. Because you will be pushing a webinar that's not selling. So there's a nuance to once you actually do the webinar. A lot of people do webinars and events and nobody buys from them. Because they aren't connecting at the right point with people to lead them to a buying decision. Okay. And so that's more about the psychology of sales is building people's trust level to a level 10 with you, in you, your product and your company. Okay, and so wish, I don't doubt that you that you are able to do amazingly and excellently. And I truly believe that every single person here can do that, either. Now, they already have the skill, or they can definitely learn it. Because here's the thing, I used to be really bad at sales. I used to be terrible at getting people to buy stuff from me, like years ago. That's why when I got into this business, I worked as a as a video editor that was creating the marketing and the landing pages, but I wasn't selling. I wasn't the sales guy. So I learned about sales over the last 19 years. And it's the number one skill that I keep coming back to the ability to connect with people and lead them to go to basically give you money to where they're like I want what you have, here's my credit card, type it into the website. How can I get started with you? And so, so your sales ability is the number one thing that that's really hinging on that you really won't know until you get on the field and start selling. You can't practice sell. It doesn't exist. It's kind of like practice sex. It doesn't exist. Like, you've got to actually, like get out there. I know. It's true, though. You got to actually do the work to get good at it.

[206:23] Speaker 3: Yeah. And so, so do you suggest then that, um, I didn't, I didn't remember I told you that I got some discovery calls. However, I never did run an ad to it. It was just organic people got on that way. So do some of those. Some people bout some products because I have I have a product as well. Right. Cool. So I did get a couple of customers through that. But um, do I rerecord it, redo it? I mean, I don't know what to do at this point.

[215:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah, I mean, get it out there. If you've already run it, or you're gonna do it. The best webinars happen when you're doing them live a couple times, and you test out the live, because you can get the live interaction with people as well. And be able to connect with people and then adjust your language and what you're teaching based off of that. Now, if you're, again, if you're selling something that's like 1000 to $2,000, we're finding still that doing multi day events like a three day or a five day is the most effective way to do that. Because of the level of trust that's built with people when they get to day three, four, and five. So there's a different level of trust on like a day one, that's why I'm running one day events that then tell people to jump into my five day because I'm qualifying people with the one day we had over I think 600 or 800 people sign up for the one day events. And then out of that 200 signed up for this five day. So as a right around a 30 33% I feel it. I forget what the number was 600 or 800. Let's just say let's just say it was 825% signed up for this off of that one day, the other 75% said that was great, Jeremiah, you did good on that one day with me but I'm not quite ready to dive in for five days with you. That's awesome. No worries. And then out of the that group then we got 200 People 50 of those people I upgraded the VIP, which is interesting. There are 50 VIPs, and only 17 VIPs. On the VIP call. There are 50 people that paid for the VIP. And yet only 17 People are here. And so what ends up happening is you end up talking to the right people, because the right people will sit and listen to you. Because the right people want to learn more, because the right people that you're going to be talking to, will stay with you. And so then you keep talking to those people. And you do that over and over again. Okay, you did it once. Now we're going to we're going to scale it and where it scales is, once once you get it down really good. And it's making a profit. And you're making like, like a significant income above your ad spend, you increase the dial on the ad spend. And instead of having 200 people registered, you might have 2000, or 6000. So like with with Rick, and with my mom, my mom's got 4000 people showing up on her webinar on Saturday. The ones we did with Rick had 6000 songwriters that wanted to learn from him. Even out of that 6000 registered only, only 500 would show up for the trainings. Only 100 would be in the VIP and only 30 of those 100 would actually be live on the VIP. And he'd get about 50 to 70 sales out of that. And that's usually the numbers that you can get, you can base you'll usually get depending on how qualified it is. And all that the numbers are sometimes different anywhere from double your VIP attendance total. Or you might get like half of your VIP purchase total. So that's usually what we'll end up finding half to 50%. So like for this, I'll probably get even though they're not on here live, I'll probably get anywhere between 15 and 25 people that in the next couple of months join one of my programs, one of my next future programs. And so those are the numbers that I have based off of that. So out of how many people registered, that's how many are going to come into a program with me at the end of that. And so once you do it enough times you analyze those reports, you analyze that data, and you can predict with a lot of certainty if you can increase the budget, and that's how you scale things to seven figures. You can make six figures on small events. You can make six figures just talking to 12 people.

[281:33] Speaker 5: So all right. All right. All right. Peter

[285:21] Speaker 7: Yes, hello.

[285:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: How are you?

[286:02] Speaker 7: I'm good. I'm, I'm learning how to put boundaries on things. Because there's a lot of work to the when I'm looking at it. You know, I'm really liking what you're doing. And I'm trying to go through things piece by piece right there. Piece by piece. Yeah, yeah. And I was just, I was just lecturing one of my, or not lecturing, but coaching my, one of my people on boundaries. I'm thinking to myself, Peter, you're gonna put your own boundaries up and get work done. It's, you know, it's, yeah, but But I kind of went back and I was looking at, and the niching. And I came back to that, because I wasn't sure whether I was getting the AN OFFER idea correctly. Right. Yeah. I mean, how do you the only way you can do this really is create the offer, bounce it out there? And I'm just gonna follow up that with one other question about the website, because I had the same challenge or the website, I have it on GoDaddy. And then I don't I also have, I think I mentioned I was using high, high level, goal high level. And so what I was planning to do, too, was, I was thinking that the website basically has no call to action on it, right. So that's the weakness of the website just to go to any website. I call it like,

[309:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can you can build your funnel on any website builder, you could build it on GoDaddy, you could build it on high level, that's the other thing to buy here. But if you get confused, if you stall, if it's taking you too long, I would move to something that's easier to use like Squarespace that way you can at least get a page up and you can send traffic to an offer.

[314:49] Speaker 7: Oh, I see. So this is what I was I was gonna ask you that on the website itself. I was going to create some buttons that would go to the offers multiple buttons so that there was always like that was the problem when it's it's a nice little website, but it's you know, it's not doing anything. So and there's no SEO on it or anything I think that's that's future stuff. Right. But and then so I was thinking when you said like, don't worry about SEO right now get get the offers out there, I think

[322:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: honestly, yeah, SEO isn't a huge thing for coaches and course creators as much as it is for other businesses. So, okay, so just get the the offers, and can I connect.

[326:00] Speaker 7: So I have landing pages and stuff in high level. So I can just connect those right from

[327:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: that go straight straight over to that.

[328:10] Speaker 7: But the offers themselves can be generated, like as a single landing page that could go out in the email campaigns or whatever? I'm gathering? Yeah, from from high level. Yeah. And then when they get to the high level, and they see let's vanish ten.com, they'll go to the website, but it'll do redirect them right back to the same kind of, I think that's what I was thinking is every you set it up in there, then so like,

[335:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Okay. My only thing with that is, though, is again, if the complexity of that takes you too long to get your page created, you want to discipline yourself to maybe use something that's simpler if you need to, I have met people that they want to use these systems and six months down the road, I still got no got my offer up yet. I'm like, Yeah, that's the problem. I just, I just, I don't mean to be rude, but I just showed y'all how to make it in 10 minutes.

[343:55] Speaker 7: Like, ya know.

[344:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let's go back to that. Do that, and then we can work on the complexity, you know?

[346:09] Speaker 7: Okay, so you're saying go back to the, just get the offer out there

[347:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: first. Yeah, get some offers out there, get people on your email list, and start connecting with people? Because that's the most important thing is you connecting with other people? Right, and then people that you can sell to people that you can get in front of to make a sales pitch to.

[351:58] Speaker 7: Okay. And one last question, Do you ever do you ever use LinkedIn because like, the target market, I'm going after our like, let's say founders, like, kind of looking at founders who haven't had business education, you know, those kinds of,

[356:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't used a lot of LinkedIn, I know a lot of the LinkedIn training and stuff that's out there is about like, DMing people on LinkedIn, I haven't used any LinkedIn ads, I know that there. They do have a pixel and you can run LinkedIn ads. I haven't used them yet. Because it's more of a corporate environment, and gotten even a lot of traction with my content on LinkedIn. So I'm not super experienced with that. But even if you're on LinkedIn, you still need an offer. You still need something for people to sign up for. I was thinking like every platform clubhouse, you could literally have an offer where they meet you on clubhouse. Every platform you need some kind of a an offer for people to be sold to. Right. Okay, we can't. And this might be an unlock for some of you, you can't expect to just put your coaching out there and you get clients because you exist as a coach. You can't even expect people to just automatically go through your offer because it's on your website, you actually have to lead people to your offer. That's what the advertising does. That's what your email list does is you can then find people where you have a little more influence over their choices, influence over their choices, meaning you can influence them to open your email and then sign up for another offer that you have. When they visit your website. You can retarget them with another offer. So now your face is showing up in front of those people more often.

[380:39] Speaker 7: Okay, thank you. Yeah.

[381:37] Speaker 5: All right, Shonda.

[383:08] Speaker 8: Good evening, Jeremiah. And thank you. Hello, everyone. Yeah, thank you for sharing about the wasting time because I feel like I was struggling through the technical stuff. today. I was working on the copywriting. I have another copywriting software that's not Jasper. And I still have to go through and answer all those questions, even though it builds out the script and still have to go, they got that and I like that Jasper will do it for you. So I'm definitely gonna be trying that tomorrow. And the same with Squarespace. How you built that out in 10 minutes. I'm also on Bluehost with a WordPress platform, I was even researching that I have to buy another template and then I'm gonna spend money on template I might as well migrate. And so I'll be definitely examining those platforms you demonstrated today because I am not getting a good investment on my time. So thank you for

[398:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I just had a meeting with my client Joshua Giles. I'm gonna pause you I told him Dude, we got to figure out how to get you doing this and you're only working five hours a week? Because he's like, okay, I can I can make 150k. But it was it took a lot of work. And I'm like, I know it did. But you can systematize that to where only takes you five hours. He's like, yes, let's do it. So we're literally gonna spend next week planning that out. That's what I do with a lot of my one on one clients as we map out how to do that with them. And that's so important for for, for all of you is like you want to have a life you want to experience life, you don't want your coach, you don't want your your like your business to take over your time, you want to make that kind of money to go spend time with your family. I've seen my mom do this for years. And she was the one I learned this from, because she built a multimillion dollar business from bed. She was on bed rest because she was so sick, that she couldn't get out of bed. So she ran a business from bed working five hours a week. And then we helped with Rick Pino, he built his five to 10 hours a week. And so it's possible to make an amazing income and not work a whole lot. And even to do so when it's just you and not other employees either. That's the thing. You don't need to hire people for that to be the possibility. When you remove all of the excess activities that are not profit producing, they don't increase if an activity isn't going to increase your bottom line by 35 to 50%. I eliminate it. And that's so important to do. Like if spending two days for me on making like a website page look perfect isn't going to increase my bottom line by that much which it's not going to. It's not worth my time spending that time doing that when I could put a simpler page out there and get people into my pipeline.

[431:24] Speaker 5: Okay, definitely.

[432:24] Speaker 8: I have two questions. Yeah. Okay. One is about the Okay, so for the offer page, and then VIP upsell for the offer for like a masterclass. So like a one day masterclass to get in front of them to start teaching them and gathering info from them. What do they want to learn all that just like you've been teaching, I want to do that. But as far as bonus content for a VIP upsell, when you're starting up? What do you suggest for bonus bonus content? Because like the bonus content you've given here? I mean, the value is, you know, think

[441:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: of what that next step is. For people, what is that at least? Okay, so your, your main event is step one, the bonus content gives them step two. And then you and then you have a time where you do q&a, and there's value with that as well. And so that's how I did it. I started by I was just like, Okay, what's two things that I wish people knew that I know that if they knew that, we'll take them to step two. And then that's how I built out the bonuses. And I just started adding to that I started adding more bonuses to it, I'll start to add and take away and pull stuff out there. But I'm realizing like I need to at least provide the supporting content for people for this for each level that they're at. And so when you work with people more, you'll know what it is. So the bonus content, I base it off of the questions that people who joined my five day events asked me about. So the question kept coming up, it became a bonus content.

[456:55] Speaker 8: Okay, so I wouldn't have anything to put on the on that page for the upsell. Why not? Why not?

[460:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you could, I think just whatever you want to give them as a piece of bonus code, it could literally be almost the same thing that you do as a as a normal one. Okay. Like you can literally be whatever your normal training is, and then you just teach it again on a pre roll on a recording. And that's your bonus. You can do that, too. Okay, yeah, keep it keep it simple. There's this idea that, like, I have to come up with all these ideas and have so much amount of content to deliver to people. And that you don't, you don't need to do that. If you just keep repeating. That's the biggest thing that we did with Rick, the truth is his bonus content is the same as what he taught on the free thing. It's the same as what he sells them on the back end. He just sells them the same thing and gives it away has it as a bonus and hasn't paid. And so for most of you, you're literally going to give away the same thing that you sell. As you have clients. There'll be separation on that based on what stage people are on their journey and that will help you scale. Okay. Yeah.

[476:53] Speaker 8: All right. Thank you. And the other question is dealing with the testimonies, the case studies, so you put that on the landing page also. I know you had answered that question for me and one of them in the group about I'm getting that from people I've worked with or do like with some of them, because I've put it out and asked people to send me stuff on testimonies that I've worked with them before. And they're just either too busy not getting back or whatever. Would it be alright for me to write them an email or message and say, Hey, you told me this and listen, this in essence, it okay, if I use this on my site like this? Yeah, that you could do that. And based on what they told me in person, or on the phone or whatever, but they just

[488:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: say, yeah, just ask him. That's great. I love that. Because here's the thing. If you're marketing online, they're gonna find it. And it'd be better you ask them first.

[491:14] Speaker 8: Right? Because they told me that I'm just gonna write it out. Yeah, say, Hey, I

[492:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: just want to add a few things. You had mentioned this. I said, Do you mind if I just put that as a quote on my website, that'd be a great way to do that. I've had, I've had clients where they literally have told me, I'm right up whatever you want, and then show it to us and then we'll approve it and put it on the site. And so like, the, the one testimony on my page, or the from the candles, that was one that I wrote up, I'm like, I'm gonna make myself sound like the most amazing person. But what's funny is I actually use real words that they've said to me too, which is cool. So there's, there's a congruence see and an honesty with that as well.

[501:26] Speaker 8: Right? That's what I would do. Because based on what they tell you that right that up. Yeah, it's just there. Maybe they're too busy. They're, you know, it's not on their mind that like it is on mine to get it. Oh, my page.

[504:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. Yep. Awesome. Oh, that's a great thing to do, for sure. And honestly, people would be more willing, they're more willing to give you testimonies, and you think they are, they are more willing to give you testimonies than you think they are. I have never been turned down for asking for a testimony in my life. My job when I worked for Danny Johnson was actually part of it was I would go to her live events, because she did a lot of live seminars, 1000s of people in a room. And now we do that virtually. But I would go around with a camera and I would film everybody, I'd say hey, how's it been? What's your time, then? We want to film this for a promo video. And I would literally film it. And I would ask them questions about their time together. And, and, and even some of the promo videos that she had on our website, even after that I had filmed some of those that had been running. And it was just this like, you know, what have you learned? And it's a three part script that I use for testimonies. And so like, Where were you at before XYZ working with so and so? What happened to you while being in the training? What did you learn? How would you apply it? And then would you recommend this to somebody else, and they literally, that three part script, they will give you every word that you need for a perfect testimony, as I usually send people that three parts script as well. And they'll just fill in the blanks are telling me just just fill it in, based off of what I've done for them. I love it. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, I should do I should do that as my podcast episode. This week, the getting the best testimonies and case studies from people. See, this is how I make my podcasts as people ask questions like that. I haven't been asked that question that way before. So now I'm gonna turn it into a piece of content that's for free, that's gonna go out there to people and provide value to other coaches that may have the same question. And then in that I mentioned to people that go visit my website and check out the events that I'm doing. Now you don't need to have a podcast when you start, honestly, I would recommend you don't. Because they don't, you don't really get a lot of clients out of it, you get more traction on the podcast, after you get your coaching program going. It's not really I haven't had super much success with my podcast, but I committed to it and I still do it. Because there's a ton of value there. 186 episodes, there's so much on that podcast, but content really is not going to going to give you a ton of clients, you're not going to get a lot of clients through your organic content, especially for coaching and courses. You will get more clients when things grow for you and create and you're created content will leverage what you're already doing as you're growing. So it does help you grow. But it's not the first thing to focus on the offer and creating the offer. That's number one, then your content comes out of the offer and what people are asking you. That's why then you don't have to spend hours thinking about what you should say in content, because you will literally just get it by people asking you questions like you just did Shonda. I'm here right now. Now you literally just gave me my entire podcast episode. Just by your question and I don't have to sit or think about it. I just press record. This weekend. I sent it to my video guy. He edits it. And now it's done and it's up there for Monday. So it's about working more efficiently. It's about calm Coming up with the answers more efficiently when you have clients and people you're coaching, and people in a VIP and people asking you questions, they're actually telling you how to coach them. They're actually telling you what content to create. You just give them what they want more of what they want more of what they're asking for more of what they desire more of what people are asking for. And so you give people what they want to then lead them to ultimately what they need that they don't know that they want. Because every time you give somebody what they want, now they're going to start to talk about what they need more and answer questions. And it'll dive deeper and deeper and deeper. For instance, I've never had anybody on one of these five day events even asked me about case studies and testimonies. So we were able to dive deeper by day four than any other five day event that I've ever done. Already, we're at a more advanced level, all of you I can tell are at a more advanced level, just based on your questions. And so my targeting for My offer is much better than it was a couple of months ago, just by who's in the room. And so like, that's awesome. And that's what's going to happen in the beginning. I'll be super honest with you. You might have some weirdos. You might have what we call crackheads. You might we mean that nicely? Like they are they're people, you're like, Oh, that's a sure about them. You might get some of that right. And and by the way, the cheaper you make stuff, the more of those you get.

[583:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: The better you hone in your messaging, it repels those people. So now, I mean, I'm telling you, I used to get people my first offers, they were like, must be nice. Having a Millionaire Mom, none of us could succeed. Like you Jeremiah, like that would be their, you know, their reason why they and it literally, it actually triggered me because I'm like, first off, it's harder because of that. Like, because everybody expects me to succeed. And I got to work 10 times harder, because I don't have anybody that supports my content, much. Like my friends don't push my stuff out there to support me. None of them did, because they just expected that I would succeed. A lot of y'all will get your friends promoting your stuff. It's actually harder just because of the expectation. Now it's also easier because I got the knowledge. So it's balanced, right? I got the knowledge. So it is a lot easier in that sense. It's a different heart. You're always going to have hard life is always hard. You got to choose your heart. And you can't let what's hard stop you. And you gotta be willing to take action even when it's hard. And that's what produces results. All right, Chad, Chad Burt, Bernard.

[602:17] Speaker 5: A. I actually have two questions real quick for

[603:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got one question for you though. What? I think Did you mentioned that was your favorite football team?

[604:28] Speaker 5: Oh, I well. I played in Arkansas.

[605:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Played in Arkansas. Yeah.

[606:05] Speaker 5: For the Razorbacks. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. But I'm from. I'm from Canada, though.

[608:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Do you follow American football and oh, yeah, roofer team?

[609:31] Speaker 5: Yeah, I know your team's Kansas.

[610:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what team do you like?

[611:20] Speaker 5: I'm a bills, Bill.

[611:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, all right. Hey, you guys are doing so good this year? I know. Right? I'm saying I'm actually impressed. So even though we lost to the all, you know, exactly. Yeah. She said, I Googled Chad's name and I didn't look Chad's name up.

[617:49] Speaker 7: That's awesome.

[618:25] Speaker 5: Question. So is it better to with the ads now, right? Is that lead people to the offer? Is it better to do video ads, do you think or ads with pictures and then text?

[622:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I do both strategically, what I find it works better to use both not one or the other. We've tried just picture ads, with text and just video ads. And for some reason, doing both works better than just one or the other. Okay, but what works better than the other video ads do work better than picture ads? 100%. They do work better? Yes. What will usually happen is it'll run a video, but then the algorithm will find a cost. Okay? So what we do is we optimize for cost. When we're running an ad, we tell Facebook to optimize for the lowest cost, right? And so we test out different variations of copy, and graphics, and I do multiple videos. I record all my videos by walking through my neighborhood like this, and that's all my video ads. I'll do like six of them. Where I'm basically saying the same script. I find walking helps my energy and emotion come across better by doing it while I'm walking. And they seem to convert better that way. And If you watch in the creating effective Facebook ads training in the bonus, it's going to go over that with you, the video ads lock in at the cost that you want your leads at. And then the graphics come into alignment, right at that cost. So if you run graphics by themselves, they end up costing more. But if you run video with graphics, the graphic ads become the cost of the video ads, and that becomes the lowest cost. So video ads cost less, but they balance out at the same cost when you run them together.

[648:58] Speaker 5: So you're saying have like the text on the video, or you're talking too low? Like why do you

[650:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: have text on the video? Yes, and we have that. But there's also a graphic that is just a photo of me and it says the title of the event and the date. We usually run an ad like that with like just an event poster. And we'll run that to the same group of people.

[654:55] Speaker 5: Okay, yeah, no, Tony Robbins accent?

[655:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: No Tony Robbins ads. And what do you mean? Well,

[656:32] Speaker 5: he's got this new ad and it's all like, decked out and it's all video edited. He's got all this stuff in there, right?

[658:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tony's level? I am. It's funny. So Tony is at a different game than all of us. I mean, it's not even like comparable. You kind of need that because you expect it out of him because he makes so much money.

[662:11] Speaker 5: Okay. But I did click on so he goes his ads just go to his

[663:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: his language is perfectly dialed in. Yeah, his offers are great. So yeah.

[665:22] Speaker 5: Okay. And do you think it's I so for me, right. I was thinking about cost effectiveness with the you you were mentioning Squarespace before. But Squarespace is a monthly it's a monthly subscription membership, right. So I was just for me I did in the past, I just did word work. Is it WordPress, but I got Philippines. Do it for me for 150 bucks, and I didn't have that monthly, you know?

[674:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you could do that. Here's what I tell people. Again, this is the number one area that I see people get stuck is like their website. I just don't want your website to be a sticking point for you do what works good for you to the point that you're getting offers consistently out there and getting leads. Because if any point along the way, like you get stuck, like because you're overwhelmed, or it's taking you too long to get something done, we got to fix that and spend at least speed that part up. Okay? Because there's enough work involved with optimizing your language and actually doing the events. That's where you want to put the majority of your focus is optimizing your language 80% of my focus is on getting the right words down for our marketing offers. And then the rest of my time is spent split between teaching coaching and then actually like building or directing a team to help me.

[689:22] Speaker 5: Okay, okay. All right. Cool. All right, Joy Manning. Hello, how are you?

[692:43] Speaker 4: Good. So, Mike, I'm going to actually pivot from the questions that everyone's been asking, I'm gonna ask a different question. And this is after the fact. Have you yourself, Jeremiah dealt with any issues of people that have bought your program? And you're coaching and then turned around and like, requested for a refund or tried to dispute it?

[699:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. I don't get much disputes because I usually just give people a refund. So do refund policy on everything. Okay. Okay, so

[702:46] Speaker 4: that was my question. Does that do a 30

[703:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: day refund policy? Yeah, he uses it allows me to take all the risk from people, right.

[705:33] Speaker 4: Do you see a lot of folks utilizing the 30 day refund policies? Okay. All right.

[707:09] Speaker 7: Very few,

[707:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: like less than point 5%.

[708:37] Speaker 4: Okay. So that's good to know. So I guess that's probably why you don't see as many disputes is because, you

[710:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, a lot of happy people that buy from me,

[711:18] Speaker 4: right? Yeah, I know. There are a lot of people that that I've talked to me that I've had the coaching programs that the folks have gone through it, they've gotten this stuff and then they turn around and still dispute it. So I wasn't sure if it was just them or if that was something

[715:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, let me let me answer that. How much money are those people making? Quite a bit

[717:12] Speaker 4: there How much are there programs are like how much

[718:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: are they bringing in like multiple six figures already? No, no, they're not bringing it. Oh, interesting. Yeah, then that could be Just again, you could be selling to the wrong person. You could also you're what you're selling didn't deliver. And it's, it's honestly, we got to get real with ourselves. And here's what I love to do is I asked people I said, what was missing that if it was in there, maybe you would have been a prospect? About half the people answer. And and for me all of them say it's just money. I love your content, it was great. I am just struggling financially.

[727:45] Speaker 4: That's what that's that's the response a lot of the folks were getting was that they realized that they really couldn't afford the program at that time. And so, you know, so I just wasn't sure I the better

[731:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: qualify the prospect, the less you got to worry about that. But right. It's a cost of doing business. It's like a mini it's like a tax. It's like so so you it's called an attrition rate. Sure. So you bake that into your advertising and, and profit margin to expect a certain amount of that.

[736:15] Speaker 4: Right. Okay. So then my second part of that question, so the 30 day money back guarantee is really good. It's a really good idea. Yeah, I love programs that provide that. So I feel like I'm testing it out.

[739:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's another one where it's, you do don't pay until after the event, if it's a live event, and you pay after another one is double your money back guarantee.

[742:09] Speaker 4: Yikes, wow.

[742:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: We will pay you if it didn't work for you. I've actually thought about doing that one. Once I dial things in a little bit more, I'm probably going to play with that one a little bit.

[745:24] Speaker 4: I'm not there yet, Jeremiah. But I hope one day that I will get there to that. But because I'm doing something so technical, like trading and learning how to read the charts. It's a technical skill that, you know, once you learn, you'll always know that my second question, then the second two part of this is, do you do like payment plans, and have you found out where they hadn't realized what their payment plans are pretty good, helpful, they're great, okay, they're awesome.

[753:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: You'll you'll have people drop off, maybe 10% of your payment plan will drop off. I see. And only about a depends on your offer. It depends on how you structure it. If you do no interest payment, everybody's going to take the payment plan. And so you have very few that drop off on that, if you do to where and I like doing like a no interest deal. That's kind of how I do it with people is to we're actually don't charge more for the payment plan. It's the same amount, I suppose it creates monthly revenue for me, which is cool. And I got that idea from Apple Computer. And Elon Musk with his Starlink I realized these guys are selling $2,000 satellite dish packages, they're selling $2,000 computers at 0% interest, and they're selling them all day long, making trillions of dollars, there's gotta be something to this. Right, you know, and they're self financing it themselves. And so that's what I decided to do, like when I when I do my programs, is I will sell finance and do 0% interest. And that's what I actually call it to as I say it's, it's a self financing, you're buying the whole thing. But I'm giving you the 12 months to pay it off without charging you an interest rate on the payments. And you don't need to do a credit check. You know, like, it's just, it's just that now you can decide if you want to have people sign contracts or not. That's up to you as well. Um, I would just as far as that goes, but also, for some of my offers, I don't because I don't really want to add more barriers of entry to people buying. So it's all just that comes from testing as well.

[779:28] Speaker 4: So when you say the payments might drop off, does that mean they just don't like if it's a 12 month, there's like 10% that actually don't pay the entire 12 months and they just kind of disappear? Is that what you mean by drop off?

[783:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, or they'll quit or they'll want you to not to want to not pay and unless you have a contract, you don't have much of a legal grounds to go after them go after them. Sure. But you can remove their access. And then usually, I'll send an email that says okay, here's your balance do when you want to access again, this will be this will be owed on that and I'll have people come back a month, like a month later and pay the last payment. Okay. And I've found that that payment plans work well I like three, six and 12 month terms depending on the pricing. When you go higher ticket, you can use what's called coach financing. Okay, financing is actually a credit service where people can actually apply up to a $50,000 personal loan for your coaching. And so like, you can sell your package 50,000 for the year, people can take out a loan for like, you know, 36 months payments off of that kind of like they're buying a car it's very much feels like Essentially, you're selling your high ticket coaching as a car. That's what Rick Pitino has started to do that's really helped him, because he's selling his coaching for $22,000. Now, and he's allowing people to make 24 month payments of under $1,000 A month when they finance it. And it's 0% interest through the bank for the first 12 months. So if these people finance it paid off in the first 12 months, they have no interest either, but it's the bank that's on the hook, the bank pays you 100% of the money upfront. Oh, I see. So you're getting the full payment upfront. And it's on the client's credit. Now, now, here's the thing with that, if you're a crappy coach, if you're selling scammy products, you can really take advantage of people and screw some people over with that. I wouldn't recommend you do that. You could No, but the people that I attract don't do that. So

[814:14] Speaker 4: yeah, I know a lady that does a coaching program. I think her coaching program is like 22,000. But it's it's how to how to become a get a government contract. She does everything from A to Z. So loan prom. So I think I've heard of that before. My other Do you think a member and I'm sorry, guys, I won't ask any more questions. I know you're good. The membership model, where it's like a monthly kind of like $25 $80 $50 a month have you dabbled in that because I'm kind of tired of doing that. Also, yeah,

[823:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've done a ton of it, it's a slow way to make, like make money. But it's a great way to work only five to 10 hours a week, because you could take off from working for a whole month, and you still got that income. But it is a slow a very slow way to actually grow your business. Um, in the beginning, I That's why I recommend people sell $1,000 program, you could take payments on it, you could do a $97 membership. But to do a $97 membership to make six figures, you got to have how many people is that? It's we need? You need 100 people at 97 bucks. Right? Okay. Versus you can make six figures selling $8,000 packages versus 100. Got it? Yeah, then you just sell eight each month. So you don't need to invest. It takes more to sell the memberships. But the membership model, here's what I also say, if you don't have a membership model in your coaching business long term, you're missing out on a ton of money. Okay, missing out on a ton of consistent cash flow. So and that's why my hybrid that I came up with and that I do for the client growth accelerator is it costs this much for the whole year. And then you can make 12 payments 0% interest. So it's a hybrid membership. I'm still expecting a commitment, but people are paying monthly for that. And it renews after the year two unless cancelled. Got it. So I, I guess I technically have a membership, but I don't sell it as if it's one. Right, I could probably get more people into it as a membership. When you have a membership. You can run stuff like free dollar trials and things like that. You're not going to see me doing a $1 trial on my coaching program that would devalue it way too much in my opinion. Right. I you know, I am actually strongly considering getting rid of the 30 day money back guarantee. Because all the people that are taking advantage of it. I'm like they shouldn't have even joined in the first place. Right? You know, and it's not a whole lot of people that take advantage of it. But I'm like, Oh, if you had been on a call with me, and you had been like, oh, I want to join your program, I probably would have recommended you don't yet. Because it's like you, you're not at the place to do the work. Now, on me, I've been attracting clients, I'll just be super vulnerable and real with y'all. I've been attracting clients that maybe they're not ready yet to do the work. So I'm tweaking my language to attract people that are ready to do the work. This is the best group of people that I've had so far. In the last nine months of me getting people into my ecosystem, because I am qualifying it better one of the biggest qualifiers is on my landing page I put if you want to make 20 to $30,000 a month before I had Do you want to make an extra five to 15,000. So I'm attracting a higher caliber a person by requiring people that have a desire to make multiple six figures from the get go. Because all of you can have a vision everybody that I've been talking to I can tell that you that you could see yourself making $20,000 in a coaching business eventually, right? I was attracting people that they couldn't see themselves making $2,000 And I'm like okay, that person A is not going to be home client and be a guarantee and they'll drop off if they do because they're not going to do the work. They don't have the vision they don't have the drive they don't have a desire or motivation, they don't even know what's possible for them in this business. And so just by changing my language with that, it helps me attract a better quality client up front. All right, Angela, Rose.

[884:48] Speaker 5: Me. Okay. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay,

[886:17] Speaker 9: awesome. I guess this is an extension of the question that was asked earlier about how you charge and your payment plans and everything. Do you? Basically like if you're actually selling a coaching program? Do you try to end your payment plan by the end of your program?

[892:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can tell if it's a six month program,

[892:41] Speaker 9: for example, and it's like two, okay. Yeah, yeah, I know what I was thinking. You could also I know that, I have the tag on like, if you wanted to sell memberships, like a reduced price for like, the Facebook membership or something like that. To have continuous income, I've seen that sold before, like, like, $30 a month or something like that.

[899:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. If you're gonna do a membership, I would I would do a minimum of 47. Yeah, bare minimum for a membership, 47 a month. During COVID. Some people knocked it down to 27 on some of their stuff, but like, where the economy is, where the market is, where inflation is all of that. Here's the thing. I showed you all that Facebook stock ads are easier than they are now. But inflation is still a factor. And so Facebook needs to make more like more money to pay their employees than they did back then. And so they still are charging you more than you did then. So you still got to sell your coaching and take inflation into account.

[910:20] Speaker 9: Right? Absolutely. You're in the processing. Yeah, that was kind of an executive not like,

[911:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: anything less than 47 a month. I can respect a program that's 47 a month. I don't even personally, I have a respect for a program that's under 27.

[914:47] Speaker 9: Yeah, totally makes sense. As far as like value, if you sell at lower value than you get lower level thinking.

[916:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, exactly. And that's why again, to the language, and the words that you use are so important to attract people that have the right thinking that you're looking for. Because Because if your offer is attracting people that are like, they're not thinking that way, they won't invest with you, and they won't even be able to grab on to what you're selling. They're not even the right person. What I find is a lot of people, especially in this business, especially when I've talked to them, people that like they they need they need to start with a therapist, the Pro are the ones, the ones that I can't serve as much.

[926:03] Speaker 9: And there are many mindset coaching. Yeah,

[926:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're so stuck. And they're there. Yeah, exactly. I meet people where they they have been stuck trying to build their first landing page for seven years. And I'm like, Y'all don't You don't need another strategy. You've taken every course on the planet. Yeah, it's your it's your fear and anxiety and this anxiety, right, you know, so I've been there. Yeah, me too. 100%. And that's the thing that's no, like, everyone has shamed anybody who is there either. Yeah, that's part of that process, but don't get stuck there for 10 years.

[936:01] Speaker 9: Well, what's amazing is to actually see a program that gives the detail the some semantics of everything. Yeah, that's what you have here. It's the actual, you know, boots to the ground kind of information that we need really to work with. So yeah, that's

[940:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. I think there's a lot that people can take from these five days that you're gonna see a lot a lot of results from, which is awesome.

[942:40] Speaker 9: Yeah. I like to go back and sign up today. Just today. I found out through Miranda that's on

[944:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, awesome. Have you Debbie gone through every scene days 1234

[946:07] Speaker 9: Nothing. Okay.

[946:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll send you a link with again, after this. If you sign up with your email address, you'll have the recordings and I'll send you a link with those days because we covered a whole lot was the everybody who's on here was the first three days incredible is it worth going back and watching exactly everybody's saying

[951:23] Speaker 9: yeah, well I'll be honest I'll be well I'll beginning also the VIP the this after coaching information, like the thread. Yeah, that'd be great.

[954:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: You'll get all that you'll get all the information sent to you. You can log in at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com to get the recorded content all that too. Awesome.

[957:22] Speaker 9: Thank you so much. Appreciate it

[957:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: looks like Lila has a question right here.

[960:00] Speaker 3: It's not Susan is the one with the question.

[961:00] Speaker 7: Oh, Susan,

[961:14] Speaker 4: Susan has been having trouble with her question button. Okay. With her hand up,

[962:55] Speaker 3: she has anytime mute Susan. There you go.

[964:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can always raise your hand like this too on camera. And I'll see. I do that I say raise your hand on camera do that. Alright, Suzanne,

[968:17] Speaker 3: okay, I just had a couple of things I wanted to say. I still don't have access to the PDF file for niches. But I think I need to do something on natural healing and possibly eczema. But I don't know how I would sell anything on that.

[973:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you definitely saw a whole lot on that. First off. So what happens when you log into the member site?

[975:08] Speaker 9: There's no PDF files at all.

[976:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: And do you have the do you have this in there? When you log in, do you see this? Go to this? Go to this? Uh, no, I go to I see that. So when you log into members that Jeremiah krakowski.com You can click on this. And then this middle thing? Yeah, yeah, I have. The PDFs are right here.

[988:00] Speaker 3: I'm using it on my computer. I have never seen everyone there several times on my phone and I did it on the computer, either places.

[991:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, me and I can email them to you. How's that sound? Shoot more email. Okay, shoot me your email, and I'll send you those

[996:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: on now signals cutting out just a little bit. I'm losing you. Okay. No question I answered. No, what was your What was your question about you? You said you had a niche. You wanted to know how to build that as a business, holistic. There's a lot of people that build businesses around that. I think it's a great niche to make money, and especially right now especially, you look at like, just I feel like our food is getting worse, our medicines getting worse, and we're getting sicker. And so like, that's a fact everybody's nodding their head. Yes, it's on here. Like, right, like it's true. Yeah. So then then you got to just find people that say, Hey, listen, I want a trusted resource, a trusted person that can help guide me on this and show me what to do and work with me on that. Now, you might learn some different methodologies and things like that maybe get certified in like some different testing, body testing and things like that. And you could do like some holistic health and body healing type stuff with that. Okay. That's my client. I have a number of clients actually that do the health thing and they make 20 to $30,000 a month. Doing it. Okay. Yeah. Sounds good. People pay for better health all day long. What do you have my email? I'm sorry. Um, you can just post your email in. You can email it to me or you can send it in the in the little chat here. I can send you a chat message. Do you want to send me your email? Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you, Miranda.

[1023:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Miranda, did you have a question?

[1024:12] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, I just quick technical question. I wrote down all the different resources she gave us I forgot I'm trying to remember what we use Canvas for

[1026:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Canva Canva. For graphics, you can make any graphic on there. You don't need to be a graphic designer. You don't need to hire one you can just use Canva um, my wife, my wife, she'll usually look at what's trending and graphics and she'll find something and then we'll tweak it and make it something unique off of that she's kind of like the Canva genius. You can find tons of YouTube videos on Canva right view as well.

[1034:21] Speaker 2: And the in the on the MailChimp that we use as our auto responders and we use Jasper to create the content for the auto responder. Is that what MailChimp is?

[1037:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, so MailChimp is specifically like what you put emails into. You can't just email a bunch of people in your Gmail software do you have so you need like a saw For that sends emails out to people from a server.

[1040:55] Speaker 2: But you do use MailChimp for that. Okay. And the last question was, I'm doing a start doing some Facebook Lives. And I'm trying to keep like 60 to 90 seconds. That's probably is that the kind of like the right timeframe you think or

[1044:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: no Facebook Live, I would do five to 10 minutes if it's a Facebook Live, okay, tick tock, and Instagram reels are usually 6060 to 90 seconds, usually 60 seconds.

[1047:52] Speaker 2: Okay. Because I'm trying to play with different words to see how people respond and views and stuff.

[1049:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, um, Facebook Live is usually best done as like a short teaching. That's kind of like a short form, like a five minute something like a five minute mini lesson or something. And those are great to then point people to your offer. So you have your offer, and you make a series over the next two weeks of Facebook Lives that directly relate to that offer. Okay, though, and then there's the way that I like to do with ads is we'll advertise the ads like we do. But then I'll take those lives that I'm doing throughout the week. And I'll also push those out to the same audience. Thank you. That's another like advanced ad strategy that I more go over. It's a more it's an advanced ad strategy, because the you want to do like the first basic video ads first, before you dabble doing that one. Otherwise, you can lose a lot of money on your ads, just doing long form live videos as ads. The other ones are more predictable, and produce better results for us. So all right, Peter.

[1068:36] Speaker 7: I just had one question about you mentioned a questionnaire just a second ago, when you're talking about, let's say the health, whatever. And, and I designed a whole questionnaire of theories. And it's basically a series that can tell you the probability of commercialization of your business based okay. So if you answer these, there's 72 questions, I can kind of back down to less than that. But I can give like tidbits of it too. So I wonder if that's a good kind of a lead magnet to like put it out there. And I used something called conversional bot to create the that's cool. Yeah, so it has the congressional bot to do the questionnaire, if they don't know something? And about that question, or even the definition of what that question is, you can say, you know, the crystals Information button and a little video can come up or whatever, or a little explanation. So, okay, use it for that purpose. And I kind of got thinking about when you send that I kind of went, Oh, maybe we should break that thing into 10 different little questionnaire. Yeah, when

[1088:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could find the most popular like five questions and make your event around that. I feel like you have a lot of like, you have a lot of ideas that you could do for offers. It's finding, what's that first step that all of them have in common, where they want to start out.

[1091:53] Speaker 7: And, you know, the challenge with my stuff, and I think it's like, I think a lot of people have the same challenge, maybe, but my coaching is around scaling and building your business. Okay. So doesn't I kind of like the generalist. I've been working, researching for so many years. I have everything. Yeah, I got templates fairly. So my point is, if you get a guy or somebody if I'm doing this series or doing this five day, yeah. It seems logical to just take the most important things that people are worried about, rather than saying we do all this, because it gets too heavy. You know what I mean?

[1103:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, right, exactly. It's too big a product that's focusing in on what you're doing. And that's why again, you'll start with doing it like as a five day as you optimize it, you will will get to the point where you will literally be able to create a 20 minute recorded video and it will close all your leads. Oh, nice. Now that's the goal. The goal starts with you doing multi day events, though, because by doing this, here's the thing if I could condense the experience of this five days into a 20 minute video, that will be amazing. Now I haven't gotten there yet with my messaging and optimize that. But I am getting there. The more that I do this, I'm learning to condense it down. And then I plan on having a book that could be a lead magnet, I plan on having a short video and then that leads into again, longer form stuff for people that really want to sit through that. Then what you doing is you end up charging for your five day event, so you don't make it free. So you're only charging for it. So that way everybody who even joins, they have to pay 47 or 97 bucks, you'll attract really high quality people with that. So then what you end up doing is you, you run these 20 minute promos out to your target customer, or 15 minute or 10 minute because think about this, your target customer has a as a lack of time, I'm going to speak to everybody else, please don't get overwhelmed by what I'm sharing. I'm more sharing this with Peter, because of his target market. Don't think that you got to start here, this is like a year or two down the road for a lot of people. Once you have done your messaging, you're gonna get there and even like, for you, Peter, this is going to be your ultimate thing because you're gonna make more money by talking less. You're gonna make more money by being less available. Yes, and so your clients won't even take you serious unless they have to pay to join your event. Okay, so think about this, as you might have a 10 minute video, you might have three of those that are out there that you're running ads to that are on the whatever the top three issues that your target clients have, that then you lead them to join your $197 mastermind that you're doing for five days online with executives one hour or a day. So they're literally paying you to pitch them. Okay, yeah, that's, and then you sell a high level program to those people. 2030 $50,000.

[1145:12] Speaker 7: Yeah, that's Well, that's the idea. I had created something called the Five shifts, but it wasn't. Personally I don't think it was working. It was a it was a kind of a free 24 Minute Webinar. Yeah. And then they were to us, but they fell off it. Like they didn't watch the whole thing. Unfortunately, couldn't. Most people won't, they won't watch the whole thing. That's why I think the live thing that you're doing seems to be much more engaging to me.

[1152:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Like, that's why I'm saying though, once you get better at your sales pitch, yeah, your pre recorded will be very engaging, right, people. And so that's why you will get better at that language. And at that pitch by doing it live a few like multiple times. Yes. Um, and so but I know like, so all of the all the ones that Rick is doing now are all pre recorded. Okay, he's not doing any of them live. Okay. Not really closing $20,000 packages on recordings. Oh, wow. But he did them live the first couple of times to get his nuance down.

[1162:54] Speaker 7: I'll have to revisit he must be a good presenter. Like a really? So yeah,

[1163:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: he's gotten really good at it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, he's gotten really good at it.

[1164:48] Speaker 7: Yeah, that's one thing.

[1165:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: A year, a year ago, we ran a pre recorded webinar with him. And he lost 50% of his ad spend because it sold so bad. All right, yeah. So in one year's time, he went from, couldn't sell anybody on a pre recorded, he could kind of sell them on a

[1169:52] Speaker 5: recorded webinar

[1170:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: or on a live webinar. So we're now literally, he's pre recording everything and selling more. Because his confidence grew, his messaging got better, his language got better. My mom is such a master at it. She has been selling for years. So she literally knows that she can just go show up, make a recording, or be live. She's doing her Saturday when live, but we're going to turn it into a recording. And it will literally close the same amount of people. Wow. And that's really about your energy that you're bringing across how you're connecting the language and the path that you're leading people down. And you'll learn that by doing it by getting into the weeds and by doing

[1180:42] Speaker 7: more. Yeah, yeah. Okay, well, thank you. That's good.

[1181:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yep. Yeah, the goal is to where you're not having to do all these live. Yeah. But that's a really good way to honestly inject some cash in to your business, and to test out your messaging much faster. I've seen a lot we've we struggled to make pre recorded webinars and just put them out there. And as soon as we started doing them live, it was like a light bulb went off, and we started getting better each time we did it. Good. Yeah,

[1188:40] Speaker 7: I'm just thinking of that. I've got all the scripts and everything for that video. I mean, I could just break that. It's so five shifts, I could make it into five days, right?

[1191:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You go yep. In other models, you could sell it as a as a five module master class that they could download for seven bucks. So the idea is instead of it being five days, it's a seven module master or five module master class for seven bucks or seven module? Yeah, okay. And but it's the same content that you would do for a five day deal like this. same topics as people go through that because it's the same as psychology. It's the same process of connecting with the prospect and then leading them to the offer and the sale

[1199:55] Speaker 7: and Again, it was like you said it was $7 or something. But is that just to kind of figure out the commitment level of the people that are actually interested? I guess

[1203:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Honestly, free is like, it's terrible. Yeah. It's horrible. It's just, it's terrible. Like, I would recommend you do your first couple for free to optimize, and then move into. That's why I like doing a VIP. I did. I did four of the four or five of these, like, five day deals, but I didn't have a VIP. The questions I was getting were terrible. Okay. As soon as I added the VIP, it was like, I was actually connecting with my target customer much better. Okay, so it was that it was a really important part of the process to add that VIP in there. Okay, cool. Okay, that backstage q&a? Yeah. Cool, because then that's part of the feedback loop. And then that goes back into your offers. Like I said, I'm having Jasper analyze all of these VIP sessions, to now create my next offer series for the next for the rest of the year.

[1218:24] Speaker 7: Oh, cool. And just a quick question on the operate. Every time I see it on here, I have it running so I can take a look. Sometimes when you're, you get ahead of me, so I have to go back and look. So I was thinking on that. Do you have to request access every time on you on yours? Or does it come into our into the platform for us as a link or something for for Jasper? No search for otter for otter? Um, oh, I'm

[1225:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: not sure about the otter thing.

[1225:46] Speaker 7: Yeah, I got it. I got access in my otter.

[1227:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think if you request access, I can go in here on each one and just give it to you. I see. I wasn't sure whether I have to ask every time the transcripts. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Nice, because I can get people transcripts, I haven't actually do anything.

[1231:12] Speaker 7: I love otter, it's my favorite

[1231:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: amazing app. All right, I'm gonna take Janet's question. That'd be the last one for today on this VIP here.

[1233:16] Speaker 3: Oh, man is just quick, do you recommend doing the Facebook Live from the profile page or from business pages, we have one,

[1235:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have to use a business page because you can't run ads from a profile. Okay. Now that this is again, oh, man, we went over this for like 30 minutes in the client growth accelerator this week,

[1239:19] Speaker 5: because

[1240:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of people get more interaction from their personal profiles, and then do their business pages. And so we think, okay, that's going to work. Here's what I tell people. Again, you can't build a business on a personal profile. Because you can't track people you can't track if they're watching your videos, you can't retarget them with ads. When you're using a business page and a business profile. If you click on anything on my on my Facebook or Instagram, or Tiktok, I can show you an ad for the next year. And one of my favorites, as it's called 75% video views, I track who's watched 75% of any video on my page. And I build audiences off of that, and I retarget people that have watched at least 75% of any of the videos that I put out there. Because if somebody's gotten through a 10 minute video, seven and a half minutes, there's a good chance that they're my target customer. So now for the next year, they're gonna see everything I got going on. And Facebook allows me to do that, because Facebook, that's how they make their money is by tracking and doing that. And if it's on platform, if it's on the Facebook or Instagram platform, it it gets around any of the privacy laws completely.

[1260:24] Speaker 3: So downloading, say you did a video, a Facebook live from your profile page, you download it, can you re upload that to your business pages at the same thing or you get different kind of traction there?

[1263:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can but it'll be a different kind of traction for sure. Definitely. And I like to make my Facebook Lives me to where I'm really connecting with people on a more personal level, getting to know them. That really helps and really kind of diving into what are these issues that people have? I'm telling you though, like my messaging has gotten a whole lot better just in the last probably two months since I've been doing these events, and some of what I've been doing working with with my therapist, because I'm not dealing with fear of people rejecting me. I'm not dealing with fear of people not liking my message I'm not I'm not crafting my message and tiptoeing around other people's opinions. I'm why my late like I don't get into politics and my content. And so there are people that literally won't follow me because I don't get into politics because they think that I should you know, there are people Well that that follows that don't follow me because I'm a Christian or they don't follow me because of that, you would, for whatever angle that you walk into that you talk about a certain topic, you end up losing a certain group of people, when I start talking about the fact that you don't need a perfect website, you don't need a perfect all of that, I lose a certain demographic of people that think you do.

[1286:27] Speaker 5: Because they don't want to hear that.

[1287:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so they will go buy from somebody who that is their standard. And so, so it's a part of your message, and you're sifting and you're finding the right people who your tribe is to talk about what your standards are and your values. And when you do that, when you talk about your standards and your values, and you don't tiptoe around other people's opinions, you end up talking to the right people, you end up really connecting with people, because the truth is the ones that aren't meant to connect with you, they're not going to be on your broadcast, they're not going to be on your live, they're not going to be on your VIP because they don't they don't like being around you. What you, you just want people who enjoy being around you to be around you. And when you do that, and that's all you're talking to. And you're only talking to a group of people that really enjoy being around you. Now, you don't even need to worry about tailoring your message because you have the confidence to know that whatever comes out of your mouth, your tribe is going to love. That's what my mom has experience. When she moved into stops. Her people love that. Did she have a drop off from some people? Sure. But the more that she becomes unfiltered, the more connections she makes with their prospects and her target customer and, and the people that she has a VIP program to where her stocks group is a membership, it's 177 bucks a month. Okay. But then her VIP is $12,000 a year. So she's always selling to people to upgrade to that level. And they get a deeper level of connection with her. And they get into a private platform and a private telegram that only they have. It's pretty cool, because there's lots of really good stock tips in there. It's definitely worth more than the 12 Grand that people pay. Because it's like a it's like a think tank of like people that are actually trading with real money like 20 to $50,000. And they're finding what's happening and they're all connecting together on the same ideas. Which is really, really cool. As far as that membership goes.

[1320:27] Speaker 6: I love seeing tapes, I wanted to say to say that, you know, I didn't know anything about your mom until all of this and everybody kept talking her up. So I went and checked her out. Yeah. Last night. Yeah, I was on an endless Scroll of her videos like dude. Okay, first of all, she's freaking hot. Yeah, he's stacked like, she's like, what? I was nine. When I got out there and I saw her muscles. She was like doing this dance or whatever, on this one video. And I was like, Who is this wonder woman? She's, oh, she's

[1328:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: amazing. She's absolutely amazing. And we've we've been talking about because she's like she's retiring from, she's retired from business coaching and doing what I'm doing with copywriting and all that and so now what what we built with her that's what my business is, is me helping people to to get their clients and to grow their businesses because now she loves she's retired. She's got a great stock portfolio. She's She's living off of the wealth of what she's built over the years. She's a single woman. She lives by herself in Arizona, and she's just an amazing, incredible person. That's what that's what this offer is right here. Is her see this links to her little link tree right here.

[1340:39] Speaker 6: I was going to ask you about that because I saw her lead tree and I thought man, that's uh, I love that because all of your like social media can be in the one one place

[1342:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: because your top offers right here. See, y'all don't need a website. Most of y'all just need a link tree and your landing pages.

[1344:26] Speaker 6: And I saw that when you said that when you said the link, you know that basically your website is like a funnel, funnel container, or I forgot how you weren't a hub, a funnel hub. And I saw the vision of that when I was looking through her stuff I was seeing. Yeah, like, yeah,

[1348:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's this whole like training now that's on like, Click Funnels all about funnel hubs. Instead of it being a website, you're just linking to the funnels. We've been building funnel hubs, we just didn't call them that but we've been building them all the websites that we built over the years for like the last 10 years have basically been funnel hubs.

[1353:18] Speaker 6: Yeah, and I wanted to tell you that you know, like when you were doing the free part, you know, of your life. Um, I don't know if already picked up but like, I saw your shift in your messaging as you were kind of just flowing out of what was happening and so you're like the best but what do you were touching on about giving the value, you know, up front and then you're selling the clothes was a personal encounter and interaction, that is the future of business and like, it's a more, it's a more flowy you know, overfloweth almost like a feminine way of doing business versus bro marketing, like, by now click you, you know data, and you're like so in the future, and I know Jeremiah, you're you're gonna blow up, you're gonna be you're literally seriously, I have to just tell you shade that. So, so real. This is coming. I mean, like,

[1368:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, my mom has reminded me of though she told me she's like, here's the thing. You've already blown up because I've built that business with her to $20 million. That's the one with Rick Pinot eight to eight figures,

[1371:26] Speaker 6: right. And that's the reality is

[1372:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't own those businesses. I didn't start them. This is the first one that I own. Right.

[1373:12] Speaker 6: But I'm saying because of your engagement. No a farm is it's because of your compassion, your love, your connection, your ability to connect, and the way that you're engaging with us. And you're so authentic. And that's what is so needed. For this. I've

[1378:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: been around really good leaders that do that. A lot of the people that I've been around coaches, mentors, they did that with me. And I learned that by learning from them,

[1381:01] Speaker 6: yeah, but you have your own, there's something very different about you very appreciate that. Yeah, no, seriously, your sensitivity, I think is what's going to that's the that's the thing. That's the thing. So thank you so much. Yeah,

[1385:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is great. Thank you, everybody for being joining. What's up?

[1386:32] Speaker 1: The same one. So yesterday was calling me you are an employee of Jeremiah. And now look what happened in 20. Under 24 hours, look what happened,

[1389:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: it will become a Yeah, employee. It's like, you're more like a evangelists. More like, you know,

[1390:46] Speaker 6: I was saying employee because because you have all the resources there. And you're like, you know what I mean? I'm taking I'm coming into this program, and I'm gonna grab everything and I'm, I'm out, I love you hereby, but I hang in, like, you will see me You know, I mean, I know it's a year program, but I'm saying like, you just have all the resources there that you're backing him up with. And I just feel like, I don't know. I could be wrong, but I'm

[1398:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: millionaire coaches to help people. I want to help 1000 people, if you can, because a million dollars is you impacting on average 1000 people's lives. Right. And I love that this this concept. Have you ever heard of Dave Meltzer? Love Dave Meltzer has content, if 1000 people if I help 1000 people to impact 1000 people and that 1000 people that they impact goes out and impacts 1000 people, I have impacted 1/8 of the entire planet's population. And I know people that have done that. I've worked with people that have done that I've actually worked with mentors, that literally they mentored 1000 people that went out and impacted 1000 people and done that and they've changed the shape of the world they've they've done some amazing incredible things now you don't need to think that that big upfront if that's scary but but you got to have your dreams have to be big enough for everybody else around you strange to fit inside of.

[1416:42] Speaker 3: Oh, that's good.

[1417:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ad my lead is the one that came up with that, but it's one of my favorite quotes from him from Ed my lab. See I give I give credit to who I steal the quotes from to

[1420:15] Speaker 6: integrity

[1420:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: admire admire let said that your dreams have to be big enough for everybody that you are influencing to fit their dreams inside of

[1422:55] Speaker 6: man. Oh, that hits me.

[1423:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for me, my dream of 1000 millionaire coaches fits all the people that I can help their dreams inside of that. Love it and for you when you start to dream bigger and you make your why so much bigger than just can I make my my rent and my paycheck and make six figures. And we make it about what kind of legacy can I leave? Who can I help? That's so important. But I go back to what I said on day number one, don't let your desire for impact prevents you from making impact. Right? Because that's the temptation and I've met so many great people that do that. They want to help so many people. And so then they get stuck in perfectionism. And they get stuck on making their stuff cheap. And now they don't have impact because they don't have the revenue to come in to scale things.

[1435:44] Speaker 6: You're literally spelling out everything I've done for ya. Get it. Awesome. All right.

[1437:46] Speaker 1: I also wanted to say this very quick, under 20 seconds. The every central that I'm seeing on these platforms There is a responsibility on me, Jeremiah. You know, because if I say anything good about you, there is a responsibility on me. Because the thing is the kind of business that you're in, and then downhill. So there is a connection that gets built and down the line if I quit, and if I just disappear. But that I mean, the thing is, is it's not, it's not, it's not good. You know, on your mind, I mean, it will impact you. But here's,

[1447:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing that I like, I will say this. I don't want people to become codependent on me. I want people to be in my space for as long as they need to be and to be launched out. And my mom taught me that, that, that there are some leaders that connect emotionally. And they do so to draw people to them. And to keep them in a box. I know that and this is my goal. This is why a lot of the people that I've worked with and helped are more successful than me, because it's not about me, I want to get them to where I can help people get to and then I want them to go 1000 times beyond where I'm at. I want my ceiling to be yours floor.

[1459:21] Speaker 5: Literally.

[1460:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: My mom always tells me that like her ceiling is my floor. And I'm like, okay, great. Now my ceiling is my clients floor. That's it. So, and when I have that perspective, that's where I have an open hand, and I don't need people to become clients to benefit me, it does benefit me financially. I mean, if I get if I get 600 people paying me 200 bucks a month, that's a really good income. That's seven figures, right? That benefits me. But if 20% of them leave, because it's not the right timing for them, or they didn't connect. First I'm gonna look at what could I have done to help that person? And if not, if there wasn't, if they weren't the right fit, what can I change in my marketing did not attract that person, and tweak and adjust that. So then I can help more of the people that I met to help. constantly analyzing that, like, actually, I've gotten to the point now where I appreciate and I'm thankful for when people leave. I become grateful for the fact that they've left my life. Because that means that there's something greater. It's incredible. Just today, it happened, my therapist told me she's like, I don't think I can take it further. At the end of our call, she's like I need, she's like, I think that there's another form of therapy that'll be best for you. And I'm going to connect you with a referral with with somebody that can do that. She's like, but I think I've reached the level to what I know how to do to help you. And that's what she told me. And I was so thankful for that. And so I'm like, Okay, now I'm gonna go to another level, and another level and another level. You know, that's amazing. So, everybody, this has been great. Thanks for being here tomorrow, the grand finale, day five, I'll see you then. I'm also probably going to be doing some bonus days as well, a few extra days on top of it on Saturday, and maybe a day next week as well with everybody. So that's usually what that's usually what I'll do is I'll usually add part of my model two bonus days where they're just Q and A's and they're open to everybody. So I open up those two days of q&a to all the other people. And we ended up working together with them and that that's really we found that that's been really helpful to do as well to do that, so All right, everybody. I will see you tomorrow. And we'll talk soon have a good one.

