Coaching - Lesson 6
Date: 2022-03-02T00:38:43.000Z
Duration: 18 min
Otter ID: 9-5f8rQMh73PpM6MOrDNmbKhaPo
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, so now that we've talked about how to be a great coach, how to lead, we've set the foundations, we're gonna talk more about the business aspects of coaching, okay? And what I want to start with is should you do free coaching? This is a bigger question than just yes or no. If you don't have a lot of experience coaching with people, you're going to want to gain that experience, by doing coaching with people by having those conversations by getting into those coaching connections. And the truth is, not everybody wants to be coached, they just don't. And so sure you see people have problems, but not everybody is a problem to solve. So you want to find the ones that want to be coached that want to invite you into that conversation with them. And that, my friends, is what helps now you can facilitate those conversations, you can learn how to bring those and pull those out of somebody, but ultimately, it's up to them, whether they want to be coached or not. Now, once you find somebody that wants to be coached, you can grow in your skill set of doing that, but I'm going to pause here, the goal of a coaching business is to make money. Okay? Your your, you're not helping anybody by doing free coaching. If you're a really good coach, the only reason that you would do free coaching is to become better at coaching. And if you lack confidence, at what you can charge, you can charge a little bit. When I first started coaching, I charged a lot less than I do now, because my confidence wasn't fully there. And I was learning and I was getting better. As a coach, the value that I was bringing to people was different, there was a different value exchange. Now my value exchange is so much so that I know that I know that I know that I can bring transformation to people's lives, that I can help influence them to make the right decisions, that I can help lead them to improve their life. I didn't have that confidence in the beginning. And so I did a bunch of free calls with people, okay? To grow in that confidence to grow in that ability. Okay, so that's my answer to you on that about free coaching. In the beginning, if you've never coached anybody before, sure, you can charge for it. But I would recommend getting your feet wet, coaching, and getting better at it. That's why courses are a great way to monetize your coaching activities. While you get better at coaching courses are a lot easier to do, because you're just teaching, you're just sharing, you're just training. Coaching is much more nuanced. And it actually is a skill set that's required to be able to do that. To teach somebody what you already know, is a lot easier. Now, let's say that you are somebody who may argue against that, that coaching is easier, it depends on what you really have a skill set. Okay. And this isn't an argument of whether one is easier or not. It's going to be different for everybody. But if you have not coached people before, if you have not been in a leadership role. I know some people, they've been CEOs and pastors and leaders and you have that experience, that's great, then I would charge for your coaching right away. Well, I started coaching, when I learned how to start coaching, I was doing it under the umbrella of my mom's company. And so she had a safety net, where if I kind of messed up, she could clean up the mess a little bit with the coaching. But when I started off on my own, there was no safety net like that. And so I had to grow in my skill set and become a better coach. And that's why I did over 400 free coaching calls. They were 15 Minute Calls, they were very short, I did not offer my time to people for more than that, because my time was valuable. And so having respect for your time is an important thing. Respecting you is an important thing. Having boundaries is an important thing. Not making yourself so accessible to people all the time is an important thing. Okay? And for you to have a business in coaching, you can't just be an ATM machine to everybody where they can use you and abuse you for their own personal gain. That might be how you've lived your life up to this moment in time. And if so, and you haven't dealt with that. That's an area maybe to talk with your own coach counselor or therapist about if you're somebody that is coaching and just want people to use you. Listen, that was me. I'm saying this from experience. I just wanted people to use me for my knowledge because I didn't have the self esteem to say hey, listen, I'm worth more than this. Now, no, not all you are that way and that's fine, but I'm speaking to a wide range of people here in this. Again, doing the work and the personal development for yourself will make you a better coach because you're not going to project your issues into the coaching relationship. And so you're not going to find validation from your coaching either. The only reason to do free coaching

[80:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Should never be because you just want to help a bunch of people. Listen to me here. You're not helping anybody by doing free coaching. You're not, except for yourself. That's all you're doing. free coaching is a selfish activity. And it's okay to be selfish. Sometimes. It's okay. Let me explain this. free coaching helps you grow in that confidence validates that you're a good coach, and you grow in the skill set of it. But you're not actually doing somebody a service by doing free coaching, you're just not, you're really not. There might be one to 2% of people that maybe that are watching this, that they have a nonprofit, right? When they're, and they're doing that, and I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the people that you're you're a solo printer, you're building a business, and you want to create a full time income for yourself, you're not helping anybody by not charging, and even if it's a nonprofit, you still have to pay the bills, nonprofit stuff to pay the bills and at least break even instead of being in the hole. And so change your mindset about what it means to charge with coaching. Realize that you're worth it to charge money, that people will actually do more of what you coach them on when they have to pay for it. Because they attach that payment to I better do something with it. People don't respect what they don't pay for. It's a fact. It's a fact of life. And in fact, when I raise my prices on my coaching, by the way, if you're charging too little and undercharging, you need to raise your prices. When I raised my prices, people had more respect for what I had to say. So you think that they'd be more entitled because they paid more? No, no, the entitled people were the free coaching people, and the low cost coaching people. It's incredible how that works, goes against what we think is how reality works. The people that are going to be nightmare clients are free coaching clients, and those that paid you very little money. The ones that pay you and make a good investment. They want to make good on that. And they want to take action, the free ones and the cheap ones, they will usually blame you for why they can't take action most of the time. And so keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. And realize that free coaching, the only benefit of it is to grow as a coach. Now I want to show you another tool, a tool that I use tool that I use while I was growing in coaching and the tool that I use now for my coaching. It's called Calendly. Okay, and Calendly is this incredible app, it's actually free, I use the $8 a month paid version. But the free one is more than substantial for most of you. Calendly is the coach's best friend. Because you create simple rules, you share your link, and you get booked. And so and then it goes right to your calendar. And if you do the $8 a month version, it even automatically schedules a zoom call for you. It's an incredible value. Okay, it actually takes a look at your calendar and schedules around your calendar, meaning I have a Google calendar right here. Okay, Google calendar that I schedule all of my time around and, and all of my coaching calls, schedule in blocks around that. So you're never overbooking yourself. That's why it's such a cool tool. And then what you can do is you can set rules of okay, I'm available to coach during these times. I'm available to coach paid clients between noon and 6pm. I'm available to do discovery calls between three and 6pm. When I used to do free calls, I only had a two hour window that people could do a free call with me on because I still got to build my business, I still got to manage my time, I still got to set boundaries, I still got to show up, I still got to act like a professional. And that's a big one. free coaching. You're not acting like a professional, you need to start to see yourself as a professional coach as somebody that is taking this seriously, to go pro. And Calendly is one of the best tools to do that. Because you're able to set time you don't want to know another another tip I would say to boundaries. I don't ever let anybody scheduled time with me. Oh, well I did once but let me change this actually. That says two days I'm changing this one back to seven. I don't ever let anyone schedule time with me. This was most recently I had that set. I haven't used this in a while unless there they schedule seven days in advance. Seven days meaning

[159:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: if they check them My availability, might I have some availability? Sure. But I don't ever schedule a coaching client more than seven days out, because I have other commitments that I want to leave open during that seven day period. And so I'm always booked at least a week out, no matter what, and that's a boundary that I've set. Now, I'm going to say something to you. If somebody has a problem with that they're not a good client, there are red flags for you that you want to run away from people that get upset with your schedule, are not good coaching clients. People that get upset when you say, No, I can't do that are not good coaching clients. That is not, and you're not going to change that in them either. That's a core belief issue of how they operate in life, that you're not going to convince them otherwise. People that complain and say every coach that they had in their life, screwed them over, destroyed their life and harmed them, they're gonna make you the next villain in their life, red flags run away from those, I've turned down the other thing, and I'm coaching somebody, and they're asking for a money back guarantee on my coaching, red flag, they're gonna probably take you up on it, and they're gonna waste your time. So I don't I don't do business with those people at all. I have money back guarantees on on my courses. I don't on a coaching relationship, because they could be having a bad mood that day, and ask for your money back. And I've seen it happen. firsthand. I've seen it happen over the years, I've been doing this for a long time. But helping multimillionaires do this $20 million businesses, you know, my story, working with my mom and Danny Johnson, trainers, coaches, teachers, authors, I've seen the best and the worst, and all sides of everything. And I can tell you, certainly you want to stay away from coaching toxic people, you're they're just not a good fit, they're just not going to take what your advice, your advice, or even be teachable. In fact, they they will most likely lie to you in the coaching experience. If I'm coaching somebody and I catch them in a lie, I actually refund them and give them their money back and say this isn't a good fit. Because I don't tolerate liars. In my space, I just don't, neither should you. See, it's not your job to make people do what they should as a coach, it's just not. That's toxic behavior. It's not your job to sit there and criticize what other people are doing wrong. You want to work with teachable people that want to grow, that want to become the best version of themselves. If they need therapy, refer them to a therapist or somebody that can that deals with those specific issues. Okay. As a coach, you want to work with those that are qualified? And how do you prequalify Well, I have a questionnaire. I do a discovery call. So when I did my free calls, I was learning about people I was learning about my target customer, I stopped doing those, I still do discovery calls. If somebody wants to pay me for coaching, I will do a discovery call with them. Okay. And so I have questions that I ask and you can see these questions here and you can steal these questions for your intake form. So my questions for discovery call are what are your 90 day goals? Six Month 12 month goals? What are the most important areas that you need to reach those goals? So number one thing preventing you from reaching those goals? What have you tried so far that has worked, what has not worked? And then this one's really important? What other coaching programs or training have you taken in the past what's worked and what has not? So the reason why that's important is because it's good to see what perspective they come from, what they've tried their experience. I also use this to gauge if they have a sour taste in their mouth about that person. And the other things they should be aware of for context, and this is where they'll usually pour their heart out to you is right here. Which is good, which is important to know. And then are you able to invest capital in growing your business at this time. I'm probably going to actually change this, are you able to invest $1,000 a month into growing your business? At this time, really? I think it's actually $2,000 a month. Yeah.

[235:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not because they're not able to run ads, they're not able to do that and pay for my coaching fees. If they're not. And so, that's my intake question. If they say no, it's not going to be a good fit for coaching. If they say yes, probably is a good fit. Okay, and then I have a similar question. questionnaire with my one on one clients as well. It's actually very similar. I just took off the question about they have capital, and what have they, what other clients that they worked with. And I added, if you get one major outcome out of this session, wave a magic wand over one issue you're having, what would it be? And so this one, what would it be after we're done? And so what this is, is, this helps them kind of unpack and break down a real goal and focus for our session together. Is that that question? So these are actually changes that I meant to make recently to my intake forums. And so being on here live, you know, why not, I can do it live. And then I also have European clients, I have a little bit of a different different timezone. thing on here, you could wave a magic wand over one problem that you're having. There we go. Awesome. So in that you want to use tools like Calendly to set boundaries, because it does a lot of the work for you, of answering a lot of questions of well, why aren't you available? What times do you have? I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm going to add to this, if you have somebody that says, Hey, I saw you a posting on social media, but it said that you weren't available during that time, what gives? That's when I wanted to meet with you, and they're trying to manipulate you into giving time to them. That's a red flag run away from those clients as well. All right. And so let's see, we've talked a lot about free coaching tools to use for coaching and red flags. In this lesson, we've heard a whole lot, we're gonna go into business models. Next, we're gonna go into the different ways that you can make money as a coach. But I really wanted to set that kind of foundation for you and help you start to get better as a coach and know what to look out for before we go into that. So we're going to go into the different models, group coaching, one on one, things like that here in a moment. I love group coaching. You can't grow a business on one on one coaching, you really can't start a business at that point, because it's all relying on you unless you hire other coaches under you to do the work. And so, group coaching is actually scalable, sustainable. You can build a multiple six figure and seven figure business on group coaching alone, and then have one on one coaching on top of that for people that need more help, because the group coaching is serving so many people so All right. We'll talk soon everybody have a good one I'll see in the next lesson.

