Day 5_ Build Your 6 Figure Coaching Business - 5 Day Intensive!
Date: 2022-08-21T03:51:59.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: YO1hQ9LmH8iutcbVLXF1YIx3RzY
---

[42:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up, everybody, what's up? What's up Jeremiah Krakowski here, I am so excited for today. Again, this is day number five. Listen, and I know, we don't want this to end, we don't want this to end. This has been such an incredible time that we've been able to spend together. I'm excited to be here with you. This is the last session the final day of this. And so if you're just jumping in, welcome, welcome, welcome. If you're not in the client growth accelerator, again, be sure to check that out. You can jump in, save 80% off the door is closed on that and you won't be able to register after Tuesday, August 23. So make sure that you get in on that. All right. So we're gonna actually turn down this music here real quick, and we're going to go right into it. Okay, everybody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. So today, I drove for hours actually just got here to a beach house that's bout a couple 100 feet right off the beach of the Gulf of Mexico here in Port Aransas, Texas, which is awesome. So we're excited. We're gonna have a vacation here. But I had already committed to these five days and we already have vacation. And so you know, I said, I'm going to do the last session from the the beach house that we're staying at. So that's where I'm at right here. I don't have the whiteboard. But I do have an iPad where if I need to show you some stuff. I'm going to actually do it here on the iPad. Let me know where you're watching from let me know where you're logging in from and listen, I know a number of you said, Hey, Jeremiah, we don't want this to end. We don't want this to end. We don't want these days to end. These had been absolutely amazing. absolutely life changing. Absolutely incredible. And so what I've decided to do is actually give you two more bonus sessions. We got two bonus sessions coming up tomorrow night at 8pm. Eastern time. It's just gonna be an hour long, but you can be able to ask q&a, you're going to be able to actually log in live on Zoom and ask questions and then I'm going to read it off the comments as well. I'm going to kind of give you access to VIP for tomorrow and August 23 That On Tuesday, August 23, and tomorrow, okay, so you're gonna get access to that, as well as the bonus sessions right here. Let's see, you got the bonus sessions up on the screen. Hopefully, that's actually working, how it should work. Let me scroll is right here. So two bonus sessions, August 20, and 23rd. And this is going to be exciting. What we're going to do during these bonus sessions is just keep going with this training, keep answering your questions, keep helping you keep working with you to get more results to build your six figure coaching business, I promised that I would give you the highest level of value during these days, have I given you the highest level value, I hope so say say value, value value value, which is awesome. And I'm gonna give you even more value the next couple of days. So you're gonna get that on August 20. That's tomorrow night at 8pm, Eastern 7pm, Central 5pm. Pacific. And then on Tuesday night, August 23. Okay, so keep that in mind. Keep that in mind that that's, that's what we are giving you I need to adjust my my little screen here. Because I haven't like, not totally in the right screen. And I want to make sure if I'm actually sharing my screen, you can actually see my screen. So just give me a few seconds here. And then we're going to dive right into it.

[104:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, there we go. Now the screen is working. So when I share my screen, you can actually see the whole screen Perfect. Okay. So those of you that are in this today is all about sales. And sales is really the most important part sales and marketing is the most important part, the amount of time that you spend actually putting together your coaching program. Actually putting together your course, actually finding your niche actually creating your website is really you should not be spending a whole lot of time on those two things. Because you need to test and launch and put out there, what it is that you're actually selling to get people to register, and to buy from you. And that is the most important part of all of this is sales and marketing. If you're neglecting sales and marketing, you're not in this business, you're not going to make six figures. No matter how good of a coach you are, no matter how good your content is, no matter how good your offer is, if you're not promoting it to people, like we talked about yesterday, finding people online, and then selling to them. And that's what we're going to talk about today, you're not going to make a dime. And so selling is where once you create an offer of some kind, and you promote it out there to people and you attract the right people through the algorithm. This is what we talked about yesterday on day four. And on day three, once they're in with you, and they've given you their name and email address, your number one priority is selling them to buy from you. And actually, that's what I've been doing the last five days, as I have been selling you. And for most of you, you didn't even know it. When I call it selling without selling. It's kind of a, a an ethical, somewhat sneaky, but not weird, slimy or cheesy your creepy way of selling. And the way we do this is by demonstrating value. So for the last four days i and even the pre calls before, I have been demonstrating value to you of what it's like to work with me, when you join my client growth accelerator, you're going to get the very best of me working with you to build your coaching business to six and seven figures. And so for those of you that want to go to the next level, that's what this is for. And that's why I did these five days and I'm doing those bonus days together. And so what I'm offering right now is this is that when you enroll before Tuesday, August 23 You not only get to try it out risk free for 30 days, you not only get to get a discount 80% off my normal coaching rate of $10,500. You also get the fast start bonuses with this and I've been talking about this each day up until this point in time. This is the best way to work with me beyond one on one coaching. I think one on one coaching and consulting is great, but it starts at $10,000. And I know for most people they're not at that level where they can make that investment of 3500 bucks a month and so that's why this program is 80% off of that. And it's the lowest price that will ever be at 166 A month 0% interest for 12 months you get a year of coaching with me in a group setting for $1,997 a year plus the 30 day money back year. and t, in case you get grandfathered in, at 80% off at the early founders rate, to get results for you so that you start building your business making money and becoming profitable as a coach. And then once you become profitable, there's going to be a number of you that are gonna say, okay, Jeremiah, I need to work with you one on one, and you're going to hop over, and you're going to hire me for a one on one coaching as well and scheduling a discovery call, when you jump into the one on one coaching and make the three monthly payments of 3500 a month, basically, that's the minimum that you have to pay to work with me is $3,500 a month, and you get two sessions, over zoom, where we work together. And you can renew after that. So we have to work together for a minimum of three months, six sessions, if you want to do one on one coaching with me, I give you lifetime access to all of my current courses, you get to keep those anything that I have, during those three months, you actually get to keep for life, not just during the time that you have the program, and you get a free membership to the client growth accelerator group coaching program. And so there's a number of you as well that are going to jump into that level once you start having results because you want to build your business to seven figures. And that, my friends is how you sell exactly what I just did. Right now, exactly what I just showed you how I do right now. So what I've been doing for these last five days is bringing value, solving a problem for you.

[184:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Creating an environment, inviting you into my space, demonstrating that I know what I'm talking about demonstrating how it all works. And for those Listen, not everybody lasted all the way through this many are called few are chosen. I use that because 400 people registered for this. And yet less than 50 people have that are actually going to watch all five days, less than 50 people are actually going to jump into the client growth accelerator. Because those other 350 people are not ready yet. They're not where you guys are. They're not where you are that saying yes. Okay, this is for me, this is what I'm looking for. And this is what I need. And so I'm talking to you, if you're still watching me, on day five, you don't need to be slick. You don't need to be slimy. You just have to be authentic. You just have to be human. You just have to demonstrate value to people and make an offer boldly, courageously without backing down without thinking that Well I sure sure hope they sign up. We i Sure. I sure hope some people buy it. I literally see people that make they make their videos, and they literally make them like that, hey, I hope you'll buy my stuff. There's no confidence in that. There's no belief in that body language and it comes across. And so as I mentioned on day one, your body language matters when you're talking about what you're offering. Somebody might say, well, Jeremiah, I don't got that personality like you do with the energy like that. So you've never been excited about anything in your whole life. When you talk with a friend, do you get excited about that? Well, yeah, but that's different. Is it? What if you had that same level of excitement, just talking about helping other people, and you found a group of 50 people to listen to you that were on the internet, that you got to make an offer that could possibly change their life? I truly believe the client growth accelerator is the best chance that's out there for many of you to get results to create a six and seven figure coaching business because I'm committed to producing results and I know that those that actually jump into it are going to have their life changed. Like the clients that we've worked with like Joshua, who built his coaching business $80,000 A month he just moved into a brand new house like Rick Pino over a million dollars in one month from his coaching like we've done with my mom like Don, like Danielle over $25,000 A month like Ryan Carlock. $31,000 a month, multiple six figures using what I'm teaching right here like Carlos Todd, he was able to take what I taught in my coaching and build a sustainable income stream for him and his family. What about you? Will you be one of my next success stories? And so that's how easy it is to sell. That's how easy it is once you attract people. You're going to build their trust with you and that's what these five days are. That's what your offer is your offer is a A trust building exercise, where you're you're taking the people that are out there on the internet in your niche. And you're building trust with them, you're demonstrating value, you're showing what it's like to work with you. And if you have great value to deliver, it's going to come across naturally, it's going to come across that way. But even in the beginning, you might be nervous. When I first did a live event like this, I was nervous as all get out. I was sweating through my clothes, I was struggling to talk I was struggling to communicate, I was struggling to connect with people. Because I didn't want to make a mistake. I didn't want to say the wrong thing. I didn't want to blow it. Right. And yet, the first time that I ran an event like this that I did, the will the first time I did it, I was actually with Rick Pino, I co hosted it. We built it together over $50,000 in sales. The first time I did my own event, I spent like 1000 bucks on ads and brought in $8,000 in sales. It was absolutely incredible. And so some people were asking, Well, what is the offer that you actually put out there? How do you actually get people to buy from you. That's what I'm going to talk about, okay?

[258:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right now, virtual events are the best way for anybody to sell what they have to offer. So sure, you can make ebooks as an offer. But I would use that to lead people to a virtual event, whether it be a free event or a paid event, have you communicating and connecting with people in a number of sessions, or a single session, otherwise called a webinar, you've ever heard of webinars. So there's two forms of virtual events, you have to do multi day events like this one. And in my client growth accelerator, in the course that you get called the virtual event playbook. I walk you through everything that you need to know what to say, what structure, how to decide what to call it, what to do with the guests, how to fill it with people that are eager to buy from you, and how to close sales to run your event. In the virtual event playbook, I show you how to do that, I show you how to use Tiktok ads to fill your event, social media ads that work to fill your event, virtual events are the best way to reach people, right? Now, here's why. Because you're able to qualify people that are actually serious about working with you, if they're going to sit through three days to get see, here's the thing, I'm gonna pause some of you based on your belief system, some of you are thinking that a three day or a five day event is too long for your prospect, and they wouldn't be interested. The people who aren't interested, we're never gonna buy from you anyways, the ones that actually listen to you all the way to the end, are interested in buying. And if everybody isn't interested, then you got to change what you're actually saying. In each one of those days, that's what I'm going to coach you on in the client growth accelerator is how to and what to say on each day of the virtual event. What I've done in these five days is a blueprint for you and a model that you can actually follow for virtual events. You know, on day one we talk about, okay? What is the vision? What is the mindset, you always lay that foundation of vision and mindset. And then you build up to? How do you actually make this happen? What's the bird's eye view framework of everything, and then you break down the pieces, I broke down how to get clients, how to make your offers, today, we're breaking down how to sell and how to get better at selling. And all that sales is, is a trusted communication between human beings, people that are on the internet, and you or in this setting. You guys watching this video right now, and me offering the client growth accelerator. And so I'm selling you by demonstrating the value by delivering exactly what you want. There's nothing sleazy, there's nothing slimy about it. And when you run a virtual event, you're actually able to create your audience to show your offer to the right people, the algorithm is actually going to show it to the exact people who are going to buy from you based off of who goes through all five days of your virtual event. So you're able to take that data of who goes through all three days or all five days of your virtual event. And target those people in a lookalike audience with the artificial intelligence on Facebook, and Instagram and Tiktok to find 10s of 1000s more people out there that are wanting what you offer. And it's the same is true with webinars. So you'll either do a two hour webinar training, and you'll make a sales pitch at the end of it the last 30 minutes or you'll do a three day training. On the last day you make a sales pitch There are a five day training on the last day you make a sales pitch. And you really go into that now I've actually been mentioning what I have for sale the client growth accelerator, from day three, day four and day five. And that's actually by design is because the people who have the attention span to stay on at least three days, I want them to at least know about what I have to offer. And I want people thinking about it in their mind long enough to make an educated decision. But I also want to make sure that people decide, instead of making excuses to wait till next month, some of you have been making excuses to build your business for the last six years. And you still haven't done anything yet. Because you've come up with reasons why and you've let your brain convince you, that now isn't the right time.

[334:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so by me being able to make this offer saying, Hey, listen, you're gonna miss out on the bonuses, you're gonna have to pay more later, you can try it risk free, oh, and the doors closed. By this day, I'm putting a little bit of fire under you, to motivate you just a little bit more instead of waiting longer again, waiting another six months, another year to start, where you actually start now this week to jump in. And that's why we put together the fast start bonuses for you to start quickly to start getting results. The HOV fast lane the fast track to profits Quickstart training, Zoom call to get you up to speed quickly, the million dollar offer creation, web mastery training, and the funnel and offer copy live event that I'm doing next Saturday, all day long. I cannot wait to work with you on that. I want to help those of you that jump into the client growth accelerator, get the most results, the fastest way possible that that's why I'm offering this and so I want to go back to day one, I want to I want to recap some of this a little bit with you. When you started in this training, when we started on day one, I told you I need you to visualize in your mind's eye. What it's like, if you made $100,000 in your business, can you actually see yourself doing that? Can you actually see yourself making 200 or $300,000 in your business? Or even a million dollars in your business? How would you hold your shoulders back? How would you confidently come to the table? When you make an offer to somebody? Would you be sheepish? Would you be scared? Would you be nervous? Would you worry that it's not good enough? Or would you have confidence. And so when you can repeat the affirmations in your life, and you start saying these things every single day, you start seeing and visualizing the end result before it starts every single day. You change your physiology and your physical state of mind. And being before it happens. How many of you have been doing that the last couple of days? How many of you thought it was silly when I mentioned that on day one, and you still haven't done it? I would challenge you to try it tonight. Start saying I am a six figure income earner, this is just for yourself, you're not going to go out there and publicly announce that please don't do this. Don't go on your social media and say I am a millionaire, my friends, I have made a million dollars. Because Jeremiah said to declare it and to decree it. Don't go do that. That's silly. This is for your own self, not to get other people to validate you. This is for you to start to believe it in yourself so that you start actually acting that way. And what do millionaires and six figure earners do differently, they invest in coaching, they invest in training, they don't make excuses. They don't come up with reasons why it's better if they figure it out on their own, and they don't get any help from anybody else. They are wanting to fast track themselves to the finish line. If you want to fast track yourself to the finish line, I urge you to not be Penny smart and dollar stupid. So I'm going to save a few pennies today. But I'm going to wait six years to get results because I want to figure it out on my own, when you can actually accelerate that and compress time and have me help you and guide you along the way to get results. And that's what the client growth accelerator is all about. And so when you find your niche when you figure out what's your niches, okay? And for some of you, you came up with two or three or four ideas, some of you those three ideas actually fit into one niche, but it's about how you frame it and how you talk about it. I talk a lot about mindset. I talk a lot about visualization, but I'm not building my business on that because people wouldn't pay me money for that. People are paying me money to get results and to get as wealthy as possible. Fast. And that's what I want to help you do do is get as wealthy as possible as a coach, as a trainer as a course creator, as somebody that has information. And whether you're an expert or not, you don't have to be an expert. But you do have to get started making offers in your niche just to see how people respond. Sales and marketing are the number one focuses that you need, until you make a million dollars.

[406:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're not making a million dollars, yet, every single activity that you do needs to be spent on sales and marketing. At least 90% of the time, the other 10% of your time should be spent on customer service and client delivery and answering emails and helping clients and delivering your product and recording your courses. The other 90% should be spent on sales and marketing. And yet so many coaches and chorus graders are spending 110% of their time creating the best course. And then nobody buys it and they give up and they say this business doesn't work? Well. You just did what 98% of broke course graders do. So of course it didn't work. He spent all this time putting your system together, putting your offer together, afraid to launch afraid that it wasn't going to work out. And then you're wondering, Hmm, why didn't this work out? Because you weren't promoting it enough. Because you weren't being bold enough about it, because you weren't putting yourself out there. And being vulnerable enough and risking it all and putting your reputation on the line to reach people, the man or woman who refuses to put their reputation on the line to grow a business will struggle to do so you might as well just invest into the into the indexes in the stock market. Because risk is too hard for you. The indexes grow about 6% each year. And even when they're down market, they end up going back up. They're pretty consistent. That's a pretty low risk investment. Real Estate's more risky than than the than the s&p 500. Or you can invest in as Alex or Mozi says the s&p 500 What's that? Personal Development, personal education? What don't I know right now that I need to grow in? How can I get better at selling? How can I get better at communicating? How can I get better at my people skills? When I connect when I communicate on camera? You might say oh Jeremiah, I don't look good on camera. I've never even posted a photo of myself on the internet. I've never even put a video of myself online. Well, it might be a good time to start might be a good time to grow past that fear and do the thing you fear the most. And you might say, well, Jeremiah, I need to lose weight. Before I do, Jeremiah, I need to get my teeth fixed before I do. Nobody cares. They really don't. People want to connect with authentic people, worrying about how you look and how you sound is not productive and trying to look and appear. My friends. I'm in a I'm in a backroom of a beach house here. And you're listening to me right now, I'm not in some studio somewhere. You don't need to make a huge investment to grow a multimillion dollar business. But you have to show up, you have to be consistent, you have to be willing to do what 98% of coaches and coarse graders are never willing to do. Truthfully, most people never succeed in this industry. Because they never actually do the work. Because they never actually take action. Because they let their fear and worry of what everybody else thinks about them. Stop them from ever putting their offers out there. But that's not you. And you wouldn't be listened to this on day number five. If it was, I trust that. I believe that if you're watching this right now, you're not somebody that is willing to go silently. You're not somebody that's willing to lay down and give up just because the going gets hard. You're a tough fighter, you're a warrior, you're somebody that's going to go out there and get results no matter what it takes. And I know that. And so that's what I know you're big enough to realize that. Yes, this is a sales pitch. And yes, I'm going to continue talking about my client growth accelerator, because this is the very best opportunity that I can give you to help you produce results. Can I guarantee that you're gonna get results? No, that would be silly. I had somebody write me the other day asking me, well, Jeremiah, can you guarantee that I'll be a millionaire if I go through your client growth accelerator? No, because I can't guarantee that you're going to produce anything. I'm not going to tie you to an electric chair and hold a gun to your head and make you do that. I'm not going to make you take out a loan with a loan shark and make sure that you actually build your business.

[477:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, now, those are some terms. We don't do that stuff around here. But what I can say is I'm going to bring you the number one best opportunity Need to produce results, but it's going to be on you to take action. It's going to be on you to show up every single day and to say, Okay, it's time for me to build my business. I got people that I know that they have heard the exact same training you have. They've learned from me, and they haven't done anything. Why is that? Because they gave up because it was too hard, because they were too afraid of what Johnny down the street thought about them. And they were afraid of looking like one of those little tick tock teenagers. So they wouldn't go post on social media, because they didn't want to offend their friend that they go to get beers with at the bar. And they would rather get drunk every night than make a video like a tick tock teenager, and build their business. And then I got clients that are going out there making videos like tick tock teenagers, and making 10s of millions of dollars, because they're not afraid of looking stupid. They're not afraid of what everybody thinks about them. They're not letting their fear sometimes they are afraid, but they're not letting their fear control their life. You got to stop letting your fear and worry, be the Master and Commander of your life. You got to stop letting your fear and worry of things not working out, dictate your choices. When you touch a hot stove, it triggers something in your brain says I'm never going to touch that hot stove again. Your fear of burning your hand stops you from doing that. But here's what happens when we go out in business. See, we've been burned by before by business opportunities. We've been burned before by friends that have insulted us. We've been burned before by upsetting people and seen rude people on the internet. And so we don't want to touch that hot stove. Again, though, we have a burning desire inside of us to build a six and seven figure business. And so you're gonna have to take action, regardless of Is it perfect? Do I sound perfect? Do I look good? And just start promoting your business? What if you could change the life of one family because you made an offer on the internet. And you let your fear of it not working out, stop you from taking action and doing what it takes a lot of people that do that. There's a lot of people that do. And that's fine. That's their prerogative. That's their desire to do that. I wrote down some notes the other day, you must lean into what terrifies you What scares you? What makes you uncomfortable? What other people that you may have previously, in other situations considered wise counsel in your life are commanding you to not do something you got people in your life that are telling you to not build this business so that you're not allowed to, or they will hurt you or they will bring harm to your family. I just talked to somebody today that said that. They said if I build a coaching business, I will lose my job and I will go broke. So they're letting a Boss Run them. My friends, it's time for you to start to take control your life and stop giving up submission to other people's decisions of how you should be living your life. Is it going to be uncomfortable to say no to people and to say I'm no longer under your authority telling me that I'm not allowed to do that. And then I no longer need your permission to allow me to do what I know that I need to do. Is that going to take you out of your comfort zone? Absolutely. Absolutely it is. I've had to tell people that I've had to tell clients listen, I get the fact that you were used to me answering the phone at 9am. But no more is that going to be okay. And they've said great, awesome. Sounds good. Because that's the boundary that I had to put in place to be able to grow my business, you're going to have to make painful decisions. To create results, you're gonna have to lean into what terrifies you and here's what you got to do. You have to shift your thinking on pain and pleasure. Right now, what it takes for you to build a successful coaching business, you might think is painful. It might be painful for you to invest 166 bucks a month to learn and to grow your business. But what if you realize that that was the key to creating an opening up all of the opportunities that you've been praying for?

[556:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so by shifting that and realizing, okay, it might be a little bit of a stretch, a little bit of a struggle right now, but there's a purpose behind it. It might be a little hard to go to my boss and tell him hey, I need to restart. sure how I'm doing things. I know people that have done that. And by the way, it might not, you might not do it in one month, it might take you six months, it might take you a year to restructure how you've been doing your life to be able to build your business. But you have to be able to choose the outcome that you want. You have to be willing to get uncomfortable and to do what it takes to get results. You have to be willing to connect with people, even to the point that they will be rude and misunderstand you and misinterpret you and even miss judge you and slander you around the internet to build your business, because that's what's going to happen. When you grow a coaching business, you will run into some of the greatest level of slander that you have ever experienced. I can't tell you the amount of slander that I've seen every one of my clients that had been successful experience on a daily basis, from people that are close to them in their lives. For people that were their best friends, saying that they sold out that they gave up on themselves that they changed who they were, and that they're no longer a good enough human being and that they're a bad person, because they're going out for their dream and making millions of dollars, you know that. I just saw a comment on Rick pinos page, a close friend has posted that. I've just seen that I've seen it on Joshua's posts, I had someone messaged me that about a year ago, telling me that by me making the choice to grow my business that I'm deciding to destroy the family structure of the Christian family. Okay, thank you. I appreciate your opinion. But that's just an opinion. I don't have to take it. And you might say, well, that's arrogant. You should take everybody's opinion at heart. No, you shouldn't. You get to pick and choose whose opinions you take. You get to decide whose opinions to listen to. And so you might need to get new mentors in your life, you might need to get new people that actually speak truth to you and aren't just trying to take advantage and manipulate you because they benefit from you laying down and submitting to them. Yeah, some of you might have people in your life that take advantage of you every step along the way. And the reason that you're not able to build your business is because they have manipulated you so much that they control everything that you do, and they benefit from it. And you're gonna have to tell them no and have boundaries, and it's gonna be painful, and they're not gonna like it, they're gonna get angry. And then you're gonna realize, Wow, I just dodged the bullet, like getting out of that situation. Because that's the uncomfortableness that it takes to get results. That's the uncomfortableness that it takes, you're gonna have to sell in your business. I just had a lady an hour ago, write me a horrible email telling me that I'm robbing her money out of her bank account. Go with me here. And I tell me if I'm robbing this woman, just I'm going to tell you exactly how she did it. So I ran an event like this about six months ago. And she committed to buying something for $497. For six months, she's made five payments on it. And she says that she wants all five payments refunded, because I never gave her permission to I never gave. She never gave me permission to charge her card. It's pretty clear on my website, what you're actually signing up for. So am I a bad, crooked, horrible human? Like she says that I am? No, I'm not. And I told her actually, ma'am, you you committed to a financial obligation in this? How do you wish to proceed, I can move you over to the client growth accelerator. We can work with you on this. But but you still have one more payment left to make, like an actual for profit business has to do if you're laying down trying to help everybody. You're helping nobody. And so many of you, it would be so uncomfortable for you to tell somebody that comes to you and calls you crooked, because you only charge them what they agreed to that you would give them all their money back. And that would make you go broke that mindset, that way of thinking. Maybe you've judged businesses that have done that. I in a group full of this. There's at least one of them that does. Maybe you've judged people that have made sales pitches, maybe you have judged salespeople as disgusting, the lowest part of the earth people and that you would never sink to that level of those ridiculously low,

[636:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: ugly people to do that no matter how much money it would take. How many of you have made agreements like that? That you would never sink that low to make money. that one hits home. See, I was one that actually made agreements like that. I used to look at people that would sell from the stage and from live events. And I would say, man, they are trying too hard. They are pushing too hard. They are talking too hard, they need to be softer. It's ridiculous. That thinking, one in a way, because culture tells us that we live in a society that tells people to calm down, to be quiet, to be chill, to chill out to stop working so hard to stop going after it with passion. And then they lay down and submit to whatever their boss tells them to do. If you want to actually create a business for yourself, it's time for you to stop living for the opinions of other people and judging salespeople and judging people that are selling and actually learn to get really freakin good at selling really freaking good at qualifying prospects really stinking freakin whatever words you want to use good at getting people to buy your courses and your coaching and your training and your mentorship. If you don't, you are choosing to stay broke. You are choosing to stay broke. I've had people argue with me, well, Jeremiah, I'm not choosing to stay broke. I just don't want to do that sick, disgusting activity. And so I will make my business grow if it takes me 20 years instead of doing what actually works in six months. Great. Awesome. See you later. For those of you that want to grow in your skill set of learning to sell, there's one of the best resources out there that do that there's actually I have just one resource I recommend. It's it's actually not my client growth accelerator. It's a book. It's an audio book. That's called the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. The way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort book that's not it is the single greatest sales training system on the planet. For ethical selling to people that is not manipulative. That is not slimy. That is not disgusting. And what it is, is you're only ever selling to the most qualified prospect. What does doing virtual events do like this these five day events. It qualifies somebody when they get today, number five, they are qualified saying, Okay, I've listened through this, I at least have an interest in what comes next. A lot of you said I hope these days don't end. That's why I'm doing those bonus sessions. That's why I'm giving away those bonus days to you. Right here on August 20 and 23rd. Tomorrow, Saturday, August 20, at 8pm. Eastern Time, August 23, at 8pm Eastern time, to help you grow your business to help you build your business to help you solve problems to help you break past what's limiting you. And so I'd love to see you on one of these bonus sessions tomorrow and on Tuesday, because I want to work with you and I want to work with you to get results. And the best system that I know of of knowing okay, what to say in a sales situation. You want to get yourself into the most positive state of mind. If you're selling and you don't believe in what you're offering, meaning your coaching if you don't believe in yourself, your prospects are going to smell it. Can you tell that I believe in what I offer. But I have conviction about it. And by the way, I don't care if you don't buy from me. And I really don't. It doesn't affect me at all. Either way.

[702:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's called a confident posture. A confident positioning. Because you're not in need of money. I'm not in need of you giving me money. Some of you might say, Yo, Jeremiah, I need to make money to pay rent. You don't get it. I need to pay rent. I need to make that cash to pay rent. Oh, let's go back to day one. When you visualize when you start to say affirmations that I am a six figure income earner. And you start putting that into your brain and you start feeling the physiology. Even when your bank account is at zero. You want to sell with the confidence that you got a million dollars in your account. And there's ways of getting your brain into that state. I talk a lot about them in my podcast. Jordan Belfort talks a lot about that, in this book about getting yourself into a peak sales state to where you're the most competent that you can be, and then what he talks about. And I'm just kind of break down the basics of this, what you want to do is you want to increase people's buying temperature to 10s, he calls them the 310s. It's their trust in you, your product, and your company. Okay? And so people that trust in you, what you're selling, and your business acumen, if it's exactly what they're looking for, will not be able to say no to what it is that you're selling. And so he calls this a straight line selling system. So during a five day event like this, during a virtual event, what I'm doing is I'm seeding the idea of building trust with you, in myself, in my company, and in my product, and what I offer, that's your entire goal with a webinar with a course like this. And if you want to know, okay, what do I say on those days, I break that down in the client growth accelerator in the virtual event playbook, I break that down for you. And so when you can talk with a prospect, and you increase their level of trust, and belief in you, your product, your coaching program, your course, and your company, that you're not a fly by night, that you're here, that you're not here today and gone tomorrow, but that you're here to stay, that you're here to support them, that you have a reputation that you're ethical in the marketplace, when you can increase that level of buying temperature, people can't say no, buying what you offer, it is scientifically proven, the only reason that anybody doesn't buy from you, as they don't 100% believe that what you your product and your company are selling is going to produce them a result. That's it. That's it.

[750:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so you have to figure out, okay, am I talking to the right people, we tweak our messaging? Do I have to change how I'm doing my sales pitch? We tweaked out a little bit? How do I have to increase my level of self confidence, sometimes working with a therapist working with a coach, working with somebody that can help guide you and say, Okay, this a little bit better way to say that, we're going to go through this, you go through training, and you work with people that are experts in this area, and you can learn how to present and how to sell and how to close sales much faster. And so in my client growth accelerators, that's exactly what I'm doing with people, as I'm helping take them through the process every step of the way. Not being stuck at any point, not wondering, okay, what should I do here? What should I do in this situation, Jeremiah, how should I handle this situation, you don't have to be techie, you don't need to have a big social media following yet. You don't even have to have your offer figured out. In this program in the client growth accelerator, like I've been helping my clients and like I've been doing in the industry, for the last 19 years, I want to work with you and hold your hand and come along with you in the group coaching and in the courses to help you build your offers, build your events, run your ads, create your courses, create your coaching program, create your social media content, create your website, if that's where you're starting to build a Squarespace website, every step along the way, guiding you through that process to help you get those results quickly. That's why I put together this incredible offer for you. Again, the doors closed Tuesday, August 23. The value on this is literally over $87,500. For all of us. It's an absolute insane, incredible value for you. And normally to coach with me, it's $10,500. But you're gonna be able to take 80% off and get this for just $1,997 for the year, or instead of $875 a month. It's just $166.42 a month for 12 months plus risk free money back guarantee. You have nothing to lose everything to gain. My question for you is what are you waiting for? For those of you who haven't signed up yet, what are you looking for? What haven't I delivered? What do you need to learn? And that's what I would love to explore? What do you need to learn and discover? What do you need to find out? What else needs to change in your life? What situation that you're going through needs to happen for you to finally start to take the steps that you need to to build your business and to start to sell and market what it is that you put out there to people really ask yourself that question. Well, we could ask ourselves, okay, why have I not launched yet? Why have I not put my offer out yet? Why have I not written my copy yet? For my offer? Why have I not set up my website yet? Or my domain name? Really answer those questions. It has nothing to do with a lack of skill, it has nothing to do with a lack of time has nothing to do with a lack of money. It doesn't. It's that it just hasn't been important enough to you yet. Because if it was, you would have already started, you would have already done those things. And so what's it going to take for it to be important enough to you, really not for me, but just answer that for yourself? What's it going to take for you to start to make the decisions that okay, I'm not going to go about next week looking the same as it has already before. I do this on a weekly basis in every part of my life. The most successful people that I know do this on a weekly basis in every part of their life. What is it working and serving me for my goals and stopping me from moving forward? And instead of just thinking about it, observing it and saying, Well, I can't change that. drink of beer, literally. That's what I used to do. That's what I used to do. Well, I can't change that. So I'm going to get drunk tonight, and forget that I have no power over my life. And I've given up my power and authority to other people, working a job working for contractor clients, working for somebody else. Wishing that my life could be different. I was there. I was there. Even as soon as six months ago, to be honest.

[829:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: The last six months have been life changing. Some you know my wife got pregnant. That changed me as a man, I realize I'm not living the way that I want to live as a father, I need to double down on what isn't working and fix some things. And I need to double down on what is working and start to provide for my family on a deeper level. When are you going to make that choice? When are you going to make the decision that no longer am I going to keep trying at this. And I'm actually going to make a decision to go beyond excellent to outstanding and start taking action. By the way, I'm gonna pause right here. This is a great example of selling right here. Sharing your own personal experiences. I didn't make up that story. That was a very real story that I've gone through. And I know it resonates with a lot of people, because they deal with those exact same issues. I don't suggest that you lie and make up crap. Please don't be honest. People can read honesty, integrity and authenticity, far better than just trying to say all the right things to get people to buy from you. If you're here just trying to learn how to say all the right things, you're not going to learn it from me. You're not going to learn it from this book with Jordan Belfort the way the wolf. But if you're somebody that operates with ethics and integrity, and actually cares about helping other people, and you're actually doing it from an from a place of truth, love and compassion, to bring a positive impact into other people's lives. This system will work for you. Learning how to communicate how to connect with people how to talk with people, when you what are the words that you say that get people to buy from you, you want to know what the words are that you say you actually stop saying all the right words, I'm going to say that again, because most people miss it. This is probably the most valuable thing that I have said all five days, and yet a lot of people are going to skip over what I'm about to say. It's the most valuable thing. The best thing that you can say to sell is to stop trying to say the right things to sell. And to just be as authentic and true to yourself as possible. Put yourself into an excited state to help somebody else and present an opportunity for somebody else to make their life better. Instead of holding that opportunity for yourself. It's actually very selfish, to not sell to put yourself out there so a lot of people think oh, it's it's the selfish people selling out there. That's the world tells us the selfish, rich folk. It's actually selfish to not get wealthy because you care so much about never doing anything wrong and being perfect. That you won't ever take risk to help somebody else. to offer something and you're making a decision, which is, by the way, is extremely rude to do, you're making a decision for other people, when you don't sell your courses, and you're training with confidence. You've already made a decision that that person isn't going to buy from you. And you've decided for them as if you know what they want. That's pretty rude to do. What if instead of concerning yourself about whether it resonates with people or not, whether they buy from you, I've heard this so many times? Well, Jeremiah, I haven't launched in five years, because I'm afraid that it's gonna fall flat and not resonate with people, and they're not going to understand me. That excuse sounds fancy. It's, it's a pile of sewage, with makeup on. That's how stinky that excuses are the best one, I'm just using wisdom, and it's just not the right time. For me, it's, I'm in the process of growing to where I'll be ready one day.

[899:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great. Five years, 10 years go by, you've never done anything, you never do anything. I see this happen. So often, many of your prospects that you're going to coach will make those same excuses. They'll come up with those same reasons. And so you have to learn, how do I communicate? And how do I put a little bit of pressure on people to the point that they realize whom maybe the pain of not doing something is more painful than the pleasure that I will experience by actually taking action. Most people think that to even sell is painful. And they're afraid of doing that. And they won't help other people by holding back and by not putting their stuff out there by not launching, because they're so prideful, and so stuck on themselves, that they have to be perfect all the time, and look and sound perfect to make themselves look smart to everybody and never do anything outside of the little pretty little box that they've developed, that they have to live in. That they choose to never go after their potential, and they choose to never help anybody with what it is that they offer. But that's not you, I have more faith in you that you're not that type of person. And that there are people that you will meet along the way, as you're selling to people that are going to be that way that they're going to make excuses, are you just going to stand by and let them I used to. I used to think it was really rude to to, to, to put the pressure on in sales, that I should let people make the decision for themselves. That I'm being a really rude person doing what I've just done for the last 55 minutes. I actually had pre judged myself that everything that I just did for the last 55 minutes was a horrible activity. And I wasn't helping anybody. And I realized a leader is willing to hurt people, when it helps them temporarily. A leader is willing to help somebody experienced the pain that they need to make the decision to change. A leader isn't afraid of making others feel uncomfortable. Somebody that doesn't like helping people that is selfish, that is self centered, is afraid of helping people feel the pain that they need to make decisions. Because they're so afraid of looking bad. They're so afraid of what culture says they shouldn't do. That they won't ever put an opportunity out there to help somebody, my friends, you gotta grow past what 99% of the population tells you you need to do for you to be able to build a business to six and seven figures, you're going to have to be willing to learn what most people are never willing to learn. They're never willing to take the step. They're never willing to go to the place where they feel uncomfortable in a sales situation, sweating bullets, afraid that this person is going to blow them up verbally and say rude things to them and still have the confidence and clarity to not be reactive back and to be able to communicate powerfully with full belief and confidence, even when people are hurling objections at them. Now I'm not really a big force, people's objections type of guy. I'm not if somebody's got a ton of objections. They're really just missing the true issue. That they're that they're afraid. Most people that are making objections and sales situations. If you're coming up with reasons why the client growth accelerator isn't gonna work for you, or that you don't want to jump in? It's really just fear. It's fear and worry, everything comes down to fear and worry of, is this not going to work with for me? And the truth is, if you don't do the work, it probably isn't, it's probably going to be like the last other 10 programs you bought. Most of the trainings you bought in the past have been pretty good. But you haven't done the work? How is this going to be any different? Well, for one thing, your other programs didn't have me, being in there supporting you, and holding you accountable. And making sure you're actually building your business. When you hop on the calls, I'm going to say, hey, how many of you still don't have your offer done yet? I asked that on every single coaching call. I don't have great, let's let's talk about it. Send me a direct message. If you don't want to do it publicly, let's talk about it.

[976:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it puts people into the uncomfortable situation that they need to get to, to be held accountable, to take action for the things and the goals and the ideas and the decisions that they're making. For you to make the kind of money that you want to make in your business, you have to learn to make decisions quicker. That's what millionaires and billionaires do, that most people are not willing to do is by making decisions faster. Not sitting around and processing your decision for 10 days or six months to come up with it. Decisions don't have to take that long. And if you're really stuck on the decision has to take that long, it's probably because there's another decision that you're avoiding making. Decision making is not that hard. The only reason we don't make decisions is because we are afraid of the consequences of what those decisions made, and being held accountable to actually do something with those decisions. And most people would rather choose a life of complacency and doing nothing. And going through a training like this and doing absolutely nothing than to take action and start putting their offers out there. For the rest of those that are willing to take action. Those are the ones that I want to work with. Those are the people that have said I'm not a tire kicker, I'm not a looky loo, I'm not a time waster. I'm not just going here to try to funnel hack you Jeremiah, and copy your stuff and say, hey, that's good enough, I actually want to learn from you. And I want to get mentorship. And I want to be able to grow my business. And that's what I promised to you is I'm going to give you the best possible mentorship that you can to start growing a profitable coaching and course business with the client growth accelerator. And so you have four days and five hours to decide to jump in on Tuesday August 23, at midnight, the doors close, you won't be able to enroll again, you will have to get on a waiting list. You won't be able to get the fast start bonuses. You will have to pay more for coaching. What choice are you going to make? What decision are you going to make? Are you going to wait until it's too late? Are you going to jump in and say you know what, I'm going to take a risk, and I'm going to start to build my business. For those of you that are I can't wait to work with you. For those of you that have already made that decision. I'm excited to keep working with you. And to help you grow your business. For the rest of you have maybe you're still on the fence just a little bit. That's why we got the bonus days together. That's what we're gonna spend these next two bonus days. Right? This wasn't just a five day training. This wasn't just the five days this wasn't just the 15th to the 19th. We got the 20th and the 23rd where you get to ask me questions and we're gonna work through what are your specific areas that you want more clarity on in your business? Make sure that you jump in tomorrow night. Let's go over to Facebook here real quick. Make sure that you jump in tomorrow night at 8pm. Where's it tomorrow night at 8pm 8pm August 20. For the bonus sessions, I can't wait to work with you. I can't wait to help you even more. answer your questions. Maybe give you another buck kick in. Listen, if you're still watching me now after five days. And I keep kicking your butt and I keep telling you what you need to hear. You're in the right place. You're in the right place and I want to take you further with my client growth. decelerator for those you that are in VIP, I'm about to hop over to the VIP. Next, I'm going to take your questions. If any of our VIPs wants to wring my neck, that's fine too. I invite it. I don't care. That's fine. For those you that are ready to jump into the client growth accelerator. That's awesome. I can't wait to see you in there. I can't wait to see you on our coaching call to work with you. I can't wait to see you on the fast track HOV Fastlane call. I can't wait to see you on the million dollar offer creation training. I can't wait to see you on the funnels and offer copy live where we get to actually work with you to build out your offer copy. Are you ready to take the step to the next level jump into the client growth accelerator right now. Get 80% off get grandfathered in at this rate forever. As long as you remember you won't have to pay more

[1056:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and start growing your business today. For those that are in VIP, I will see you in about five minutes for everybody else. I'll see you on the bonus sessions tomorrow and on Tuesday. And hopefully in the client growth Excel

