VIP - Launch Your 6 Figure Coaching Offer
Date: 2022-12-13T03:17:45.000Z
Duration: 87 min
Otter ID: fdTOOucn_uBWe8nymeayFVLZ_2I
---

[0:43] Speaker 0: All right.

[1:38] Speaker 1: Let's go. Let's go. Let's go

[4:00] Speaker 0: Let's go. Let's go Ancient Greece

[10:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: sound working. Yep. Yeah, sir. Awesome. Welcome everybody

[13:37] Speaker 1: this is cool. All right, I

[15:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: was waiting for some people to load in here. I had to go get some green tea and some water a little bit of caffeine for me. As we go, since we're late at night, y'all can hear the sound right? Yes, sir. All right, we're gonna turn the music down. There we go. Now you can actually hear me much better, which is, which is really great. How was that session for everybody today just to kind of launch this off to everybody. Awesome. Hey, I'm glad that it hit. I'm glad that it resonated. I know that it's not going to resonate for everybody. But that's okay. I'm excited for who it did resonate with. So here's what I'd love to do is you really get you this is an open forum. This is an open floor. And I think that by doing discussion and talking about and even even talking about what the group is talking about as a way that we can utilize this as an incubator for five days of group coaching for you to help you. You know, one example of this is, you know, if you want to, you don't want to expose your business or talk about your business, you could do it as like a hypothetical scenario, as if it was like a client's business that you're talking about, for instance, that's another way of doing that, are there going to be replaced? Yes, they won't be uploaded for about five to seven days, though, after the event for the replays of the VIP itself. The replays of the main event will be on YouTube until next week, on Tuesday. Okay. And so this is really, it's an open floor. It's an open panel, what we talked about today, what we're going to be talking about, this is our think tank, because everything that I talked about in the main session actually comes out of here. Everything that I actually talk about comes out of here. So I take this, I take this session, and it creates what the main session content is, and you get to be really selfish, and ask whatever you want about whatever stage of your business you're at. There's nobody that's too far along or too much of a beginner. And there's no silly questions here. But I know that it can be. It can be scary to ask your questions and expose yourself like that. And so it looks like Michelle has a question right here. I can serve you guys better as I get questions from everybody. Because the truth is, I don't know anything about this business other than answering people's questions. That's all I do every day. Um, I only teach answers to people's questions. I don't teach anything that is like, I want to teach this to people. It's just all answers to people's questions. Yes, Michelle.

[62:34] Speaker 3: Cool. So I unmuted myself, you can hear me. Yes. Okay, cool. So I have a business and I do funnels with that and stuff, but I want to start a coaching business. That's like 100% and then opposite direction. Okay. Yeah. So what I'm looking to do is like our Facebook group, and then what I just heard you say was start now for a course in January and when you say a course, challenge kind of falls in that right?

[70:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. You got to launch both of those out there to people at the same time. Yes. You can't just run a challenge or something without having some kind of an offer where they buy money as a next step for you. You want to keep stacking those offers over time to where you're always having something that you're inviting people and having an ask for people to join your email list and then purchase

[76:18] Speaker 3: Okay, and so with like PR and marketing I know if we do it too far ahead of time with our widget business, for lack of better terms, gets lost in the shuffle, but is it okay to Start that challenge now and doing ads and talking about it to get people like that second or third week of January.

[82:07] Speaker 4: That's fine. Okay. Okay.

[83:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Bobby Bobby Nunez.

[84:23] Speaker 1: Hey, Jeremiah, thanks for, for allowing me to be on your great, great content. I got on, I'm trying to get Facebook ads, my cost of my Facebook ads down. Yeah, I love what you're doing with Jasper. I mean, I'm getting like, right now, just, I'm not. I mean, I know how to do the general Facebook ads. But they're about $23 a lead, trying to get that down to you know, something more like a 799 range. I see that you're using Jasper, I love I had never seen that before. One of my I guess my question is, is going back to Joshua, can you walk through that, that recipe again, I'm supposed to copy and paste the beginning of the Jasper the offer and then from there. I saw how you generated stuff. But when I do it on my end, I'm just doing that. I just got the free trial today. So it's all brand new to me. It doesn't seem to do what you're doing. So maybe you can walk through that again.

[100:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Yeah, that's where a lot of people get really stuck is what you just said. So they have a number of help documents on this, I would take this, like content, whatever you're starting with. And you paste this in the recipe. Let me share my screen so you can see.

[105:24] Speaker 1: Okay, so you take

[106:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: just whatever this content is at the beginning here. And we and we start with the recipe. I will duplicate the recipe. And what I'm doing is I'm pasting content right here. Do you have lost mode? Yes, I

[110:21] Speaker 1: got bumps. Okay, fastball, so

[110:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you delete this kind of content right here. Unless you want to fill it out. If you want to fill out like, who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer? That can be helpful. And then in boss mode, I'm just putting my cursor at the end of the sentence here and pressing CTRL, enter.

[115:23] Speaker 1: Ah, control.

[116:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Or you can expand this out. And this is the command bar to where you can highlight a segment of text and then press Run command. Oh, actually, if you do that, you don't want to put the command there. You want to put the cursor right here and type the command into Run command and it'll do the same thing.

[121:18] Speaker 1: Okay, make sense that? Yeah. All right. Cool. Perfect. Thank you.

[123:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Angela rose.

[123:58] Speaker 0: Hey, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Good. I have to jump off in 10 minutes, because I had something scheduled ahead of time before I signed that. But I'm so glad these are recorded. Thank you. Okay, so we have a weight loss program. And I'm just curious, I'm going to do a live free kind of coaching. But what does the runway timeframe look like if I was going to run some ads in Facebook? Because the the tricky part that I've found with the last few launches around this time of year is everybody's in holiday mode, typically. But yet, I want to start seeding the offer for the January you know, 12 weeks are coaching. So suggestions.

[139:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Um, it sounds like you got a lot of moving parts. And do you have your offer ready to go? You could launch it tomorrow? Yes, we've launched. Yeah, then you can launch it and run it next week, if you want to, for a week of running the ads. Sometimes if it's a one day event, I'll run the ads just for three to four days. And that's fine. If it's a multi day event, I need usually some build up over at least a week.

[146:11] Speaker 0: Okay, I was gonna do it's the same, like one time masterclass and I was going to live and but I was going to offer it several times the week between Christmas and New Year and then maybe maybe once or twice that first week in January. What are your thoughts?

[151:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think that sounds great. I think just do that. Okay, so what would be what would be the reason not to?

[154:11] Speaker 0: Um, I think right now, my biggest fear since you've been talking about fear and blocks and all of that is I have spent so much money on Facebook ads in the past and dealt with getting a huge email list at least huge to me and and it not being an engaged list, my exact target market people. So I'm, I'm wanting to absorb all of this content this week, so I can make sure that I target market the right people at the right time.

[165:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so you see, this is exactly what I'm talking about, though, about, like, you, you feel like you need it to work. And if it doesn't work, then that's the end of the world.

[170:21] Speaker 0: No, I've been doing this 10 years. And so at this point, yeah. I'm not giving up, you know, at this point, but I do I do need an ROI to start happening. Yeah,

[174:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: of course. But if that's your only focus is I need an ROI to stop has started happening, it's going to be really hard for you to do that. Yes. As the main focus, so we got to keep our focus on what is the end result that we're looking for, and keep a vision for? How are you designing your life? Having a vision for not it working out? Not trying to avoid pain, but create the life that you want? Yes. Yes. So that's just one side of that focus and realize that, you know, Have you forgiven yourself for, for it not working before? Are there people that you blame for why it didn't work before. And so we ended up being attached to needing people to perform for us how we want them to and eating ourselves to perform. And that's where it becomes this big block, where when you actually go out there to do it, you're operating from this place of scarcity, instead of actually attracting a client, you you are just putting out there, this, you know, very safe approach. Yes, it's very conservative approach. Because you don't want it to not work out. And so we're operating way too conservatively, we swung way too far in the other direction. So it's finding that balance right there and just trusting again. And that's why it can be one of the hardest thing for you is to trust again, especially when you had your trust violated. If things didn't work out, so I get that and I feel for you that you've been through a very hard situation. So you've been through a very hard situation. So like, I don't want to, I want you to like realize like that anybody would be crushed under maybe what you went through. So what I mean by that is it's okay, give yourself some of that time to rest and to heal. Forgive yourself and others, you have to go through a grieving process is a big part of it, to rise strong. One of my favorite books that I've read out there, it's called Rising Strong by Brene Brown, where she teaches specifically about how to reset in our lives when things didn't work out the first time. How to push reset and transform where we start by actually owning our story instead of denying it and we get to write the ending instead of reliving it over and over again. Okay, that's awesome. So that's, that's the part of it is to step into as is you being more of a more of a champion who's pioneering and when you're a pioneer things don't always go how you want them to, you might get bitten by snakes and, and find lions and zebras and run into a few scorpions. And and, yeah, so hey, give yourself a high five for the fact that you're actually still going for it.

[226:12] Speaker 0: Thank you.

[226:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: That means give yourself some time to play more often to, to take some time off and do what's fun for you. Thank you. Yep, spot on giving yourself permission to make life fun to make your business fun that it doesn't have to be so rigid and perfect. You get to just enjoy it and make it however you want it to be. Take the pressure off just a little bit of trying to be something when you just be you like you're right now talking with me and that's how you talk with others and, and the brightness shows through of who's really underneath. Thank you.

[236:09] Speaker 1: Yep. All right.

[237:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Rob Robin. Hi. Hi, how are you?

[238:53] Speaker 5: I'm great. Um, how are you doing?

[239:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing really good.

[239:53] Speaker 5: I just Wanna say thank you for doing this? And, you know, thank you for being so quick to share your resources. I love that, especially like books and all that. My question is I have two of them. Yeah. This is also new and overwhelming to me. But I'm so all in it. This is what I know I'm supposed to do. So I am like starting at the very, very start. I'm at the very beginning. So I want you to

[247:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, do you know it? Well, I

[247:54] Speaker 5: think I know it. I'm, I think I'm afraid of it. Okay, but so I believe that I am to coach women who are married to men on the spectrum.

[251:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. And cool. Niche. Yeah.

[252:41] Speaker 5: Well, it's been definitely a journey to get here, but I'm good. So the other thing is, so I, I'm thinking of signing up for a certification program to help me to navigate some of this stuff. Logistically, I'm not talking about technology and all that. That's just for the coaching part. But my question to you would be, I don't even know how to, to start or create an email list. Like, is there a tool I can use? Is there something I can use to learn from to do that?

[263:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the MailChimp is what we use, and it connects to Squarespace. And so MailChimp is where your email list lives. And people will sign up through a website that you just create a new one on Squarespace and, and you give them a page where you tell them about what you do you talk about these women that you help people sign up to listen to you and to talk to you. Oops, I'm sharing the wrong screen. Sorry, everybody. That's okay. It's wondering, but it's here you go. So yeah, so squarespace.com and then mailchimp.com. Now, so you get started with somebody.

[275:15] Speaker 5: How does somebody? Like, what, where's that? Like, where's all this?

[277:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: It lives on their server? It's in the internet in the cloud? Is the worldwide web? Yeah, I don't know.

[280:44] Speaker 5: Okay, I know that. But like, so how do I like, Okay, say I say I want to run Facebook ad? Yeah. And, you know, I've had I have, you know, I want to do a webinar, or zoom or something. How do they, they that want to go to sign up for that? How do I get their email address?

[287:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So they go to the page on on your website. And there's a forum where they put their name, email and that and they click register now or something.

[290:12] Speaker 5: Okay, so that's my I have to do that. Right.

[290:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You create that with Squarespace. I create that with Squarespace. Okay. Yeah, with Squarespace and then it connects to MailChimp. Okay, so then they fill out the form, it stores their info, and then you can send emails to a list of people all at once. Okay, cool. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So that's where you start with that.

[297:24] Speaker 5: I mean, you know, sometimes it seems like the question is so stupid. It should be so obvious. But this is I am not a techie. You want

[299:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: to know what I asked a question of somebody today, I got to transfer my LLC, from Arizona to Texas. And I'm filing escort, brand new part of the year, we're going to be an S corp taking dividends. We're making so much money, we got to we got to fix our taxes. problem to have, right? Yeah, hire a full time bookkeeper. You know, as part of it, it's an it's part of my business. It's growing. And so I asked, I was like, Okay, well, how do I find an attorney that does this? I didn't realize there are websites that just do it for you. I didn't know that. So. Thank you. So that's kind of the same like thing. Like, that's not like I didn't know that. There's just websites that do it for you. I didn't know. Like, I had to, like, hire an attorney. And they had to like go to the courthouse and do all this stuff and go before a judge and do all this just to transfer my business. I don't know. You know, I know how to market to people. I don't know the legal side of it. I can write contracts. But I write the contract. So ironclad that like, I would think that that's how the whole legal system works. I don't know. But we'll get that set up. We'll get that going. So we all have things that we're the best at if we were graded on how we were at one thing. Nobody I believe every single one of us He's a genius in our own individual unique way, and we can help anybody and you don't need to be some kind of an expert compared to everybody else be able to help other people. You just got to find some people that are looking for what you know. And you share that with those people. And you don't have to know a whole lot more than them either. Yeah, I don't know a whole lot more than anybody on here, honestly, I mean that.

[326:18] Speaker 0: So how do I

[326:34] Speaker 5: find the people that want to know what I have to offer?

[327:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're on social media. They're on the internet. And so you run ads to those people? Are they engaged? Yep.

[330:22] Speaker 5: Okay, yep. Awesome. Okay. Thank you. And I do have to go because I have a team meeting right now. So thank you.

[332:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, we got the next four days. So this is great. Think of this as kind of like your incubator, to process through everything. And it's really, really there's a transformation for everybody who's going to be on here the next five days.

[335:11] Speaker 5: Yeah,

[335:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm great. Right? So much. Awesome. Awesome. All right, Ian, Carol. How are you?

[337:20] Speaker 6: I am good, sir. I'm good. Two questions, if I may. Yeah. First one is Squarespace when you're doing your landing page, use use the sim demand for everything and just put an additional page? Or do you use separate domains every time I assume that a separate pixel?

[342:10] Speaker 2: I use the same domain. Okay, every time all all across the board? Yeah. grip allows that's a different topic, like entirely, but it's my stuff. Yeah, I'm just using the same one.

[345:11] Speaker 6: So secondly, what what does your Filipino Facebook ads person do for you? And how did you? Like, is that part of the you know what to give them? So you just sorted that I? And

[349:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I just found somebody that was like a Facebook ads person, they know how to like upload the ads, create the ad set up the audiences create the audiences. And so I just hired him by looking for somebody that knows how to do Facebook ads on here, I have to read the reports and decide, okay, is this working? Is this producing the result we want, we got to rank it. So like one ad might be doing $20, a lead this one to $6. We want to crank up the one that does $6 so that we're not spending that much more. And so they pull the levers and push the buttons for me. So I don't have to spend hours fussing with the Facebook manager. I just send them what I want them to do and then go do it.

[359:50] Speaker 1: Sweet. Yeah. So works out really good. Same with video editing.

[361:24] Speaker 6: Yeah, sounds like a genius move. So

[361:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Kevin. Gilbert. Gilbert Gilbert.

[364:49] Speaker 6: Ramos. Thanks, Jeremy, for having this. You got my last name correct. The first time that doesn't happen all the time. Okay. I am a financial planner in Canada, the last 25 years. So I live in the regulated world. Yeah. So education and not advice. So I'm just wondering if you can give any tidbits on either clients you've worked with before, in the Facebook ads that have a regulator over their head, as opposed to a non regulator? Because I, I guess I would be, you know, not the majority out there in the life coaching. You know, the coaching world?

[375:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't have experience in that.

[376:35] Speaker 6: Yeah. So it's just a question that came to my mind. So

[377:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. Don't have experience in that. I think that you just got to do what's best for you that you know, you can do but the process of building the funnel, getting people on a live zoom call at scale works in the regulated and non regulated world. Yeah. Oh,

[381:53] Speaker 6: yeah. No, it's just what you can say. Yeah. Cuz I have a practice. And so it's kind of like building stuff to educate my clients that I've had for years, and then ones that are brand new, that might just

[384:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: one that's where maybe you pivot a brand. So here's what I would think I would pivot a brand of just education outside of your main company.

[387:13] Speaker 6: That's where I've been going. So yeah, yeah.

[388:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So you can teach unregulated and then just refer back to your other business. Oh, yeah.

[389:18] Speaker 6: Yeah, no, I can be an expert. Outside Canada's.

[390:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Thanks. All right. Carolyn Johnson.

[392:03] Speaker 7: Okay, so um, I, I started out as a computer programmer, and now I'm in project management over top of computer programmers and I manage them. So that would be where the money is. But that's not where my joy is. Yeah. So my joy is music. And I've done copywriting in that kind of thing. But most musicians don't have the money to pay for a coach, you know, $1,000 a month for a coach. So I'm kind of struggling with that and And the other thing with my project management, I haven't done coaching, and I don't have a track record of successful coaching. So how do you start out? And you at one point, I think it was Saturday, you said something about, just be honest, when you're starting out, just be honest with people and tell them you're starting out. But at the same time, if I'm charging $1,000 a month, how do I justify that? If I can't guarantee their results?

[406:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why do you have to justify it and guarantee their results? I don't guarantee anybody's results that work with me.

[408:04] Speaker 7: Well, you said to provide them value. So what's the definition of value? I guess that's where I'm struggling.

[409:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the definition of value is like that one aha moment to answer the question that they've been looking for. That's holding them back, even though I'm stuck.

[412:10] Speaker 1: Okay, so that's the, you know,

[412:35] Speaker 7: yeah, do the q&a,

[412:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know that people have spent a lot of money for to get the answer to see, you give people that value that others would have spent 1000s. For in that. And but you don't have to guarantee results, I think whoever told you that you have to guarantee results.

[419:24] Speaker 7: By the perfectionist in my head,

[420:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, we don't need to guarantee results, a college can't guarantee that somebody is going to get a career with what they sign up for college for. So if you're coaching somebody, you can't make them do the work. You can lead and guide them as best as you can. But you have limitations. And I think when we realize our own limitations, and we end up operating inside of them, and we look at what am I really good at? What am I significantly better at than the other things that I do? And then how can I do more of that more often? With more people? How would I how can I help more people with this, that I love to do that also people asked me to do and that people would be willing to pay me money for? And how can I find people at scale to do that for Okay, now, the other side of this is you might feel like you have nothing of value to offer people. If you don't feel like you have anything of value to offer people. That's where you need to at least try something out, see what happens. And realize that somewhere along the line, you were told that you're not that you don't have value to offer people. And you believe that and took that on as an identity and owned it and wore it like a blanket over you as this is now who I am I'm not good enough until I perform at a certain level, until I can guarantee a result until things produce that result. The other side can come from judgment that we have of others that haven't that are that have guaranteed as a result, and didn't perform. And so we don't want to be that person that scammed us that conned us that promise something and didn't deliver that we've been disappointed over and over and over again. And we've been disappointed by people who told us they would do something and then didn't do it, and then laughed in our face and said it was our fault. And we don't want to be that person. And because we don't want to be that person that really caused a lot of pain in our life to our clients we choose instead, it's way safer to just not launch our offer, because at least that's predictable. At least I understand that world, at least I understand the world that I've been in, instead of stepping out and taking a risk and being willing to put your stuff out there to be judged for it to be misunderstood to be Miss heard. But because you're somebody who operates with integrity, I know that you're not going to not deliver to people. But you also got to be less hard on yourself, and you got to lower your standards for yourself. Some of you your standards are way too stinking high. They're way too high. They're impossible. There's no human that can actually do them. That's why you're not doing anything. That's why the people that have done them have lowered their standards to a level that's actually below what yours are. And they're doing something. And so that's the line of where where are you willing to cross, and you might come up with a story in your head that tells you and it might be a really good story as to why you can't lower your standards. If you can sit with that if you can feel that if you can sit with that moment of why can't I lower my standards? And answer that for yourself. It'll reveal some kind of a past experience where you did lower your standards and you got hurt where you did lower your standards and it didn't work out as well as you wanted to initially. And so it's a protective mechanism. So we've got to honor ourselves for the fact that that behavior is protective. It was designed to protect us from hurting ourselves and when we were younger. It was designed to keep us from from not being fed by our primary caretaker, usually, or could be an ex spouse, or could be a former boss of the job, or could be a business partner, something like that. Somebody who you were close with. And so that's that's what it is. But it all it's all pointed to It's a survival mechanism in our brain that trips that says, Okay, if I crossed this line and lower my standard, I might die. Your brain believes that it's going to die if you crossed that standard. And so you got to figure out where that is? Where did that belief come from? Where did that experience come from, and then change those limiting beliefs, so that you're not stuck anymore. So that stuck is no longer part of your vocabulary, you have tools and ways to get unstuck these five days are a tool, a resource and a community to get unstuck. And I know that a lot of this is going to challenge some of you, you're going to come up with new questions, some of y'all might even get really angry at me the next day and write me a nasty email. And that's fine. It's totally fine. But I want to see you guys succeed and make the most amount of money I want to help 1000 coaches become millionaires. And it starts with not letting our past control our present. By not letting our past and our desire to to try to control our future so much be attached to the past, that we can't take a risk, because we don't want to go back there again. And we don't step out because we don't want to go back there again. That's the biggest thing that ends up stopping people is they don't want to go back there. Again, we don't want to repeat the past, we don't want to repeat the pain and who would, nobody would nobody wants to like that. That's these ridiculous. Like, nobody wants to repeat the past mistakes that they've made. But here's what happens. When we're so attached to I need to control and make sure that I don't repeat the past, we end up because our focus is not repeating the past, we end up having hints of the past that replay itself in our future. Because we're still attached to trying to make sure that we don't repeat the past. So when you let go of that need internally of I don't need to repeat the past. And you let go of the outcome and you learn to accept the outcome for however it is you let go of control of how things turn out. You let go of trying to control other people so that they don't disappoint you, you let go of trying to control yourself so that you don't disappoint others. And that's really what it is we're trying to manage and maintain other people's emotions making sure that other people don't feel angry except upset, disappointed pissed off unserved by us. Like where people feel like they were bait and switched or even scammed. We don't want, we want to make sure that they don't do that. And I would I would recommend, obviously, I don't think anybody in this group would purposefully try to scam somebody. Okay. So know that your integrity wouldn't do that. And that you always make it right. Make that a standard for your life that you always make it right, if you make a mistake. And that's what separates you from other people. Yeah. And that's the value that people will pay you money for is your integrity, your word, which is bond. Right, great. Thank you. Yep. Awesome. All right, Christina. Hi,

[535:10] Speaker 8: thank you. Okay, quick cup, two cup of questions. So I've been operating a business where I have a business center that I'm calling kind of multifaceted. My specialty is working with strictly small businesses. I offer financial services like bookkeeping services, but then I also have the coaching side of the business. And up until now, I have strictly worked with everyone in person. Okay. And so I currently I have a Squarespace for my business website. And I also have, I have a 90 day bootcamp that I put individuals through where they build out a very detailed five year business plan. And what I want to do is as I am wanting to go online and take this and not necessarily as the 90 day bootcamp but break it down into smaller segments. I guess I'm trying to figure out first of all my boot camps still on Kajabi. So I don't know how familiar everyone is with Kajabi. From there, do I continue using Kajabi for for moving forward? Or do I kind of refocus and not go into this as my company but as myself individually and start? New?

[559:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure is your Your coaching offer tested yet. What do you mean? Like do you have coaching clients that have bought into that offer already?

[562:17] Speaker 8: Yes. But again, it's all been in person. So I've taught my bootcamp to people who come to my business center. Work with me weekly in a two hour session for 90 days. Yeah.

[566:31] Speaker 6: So, in that

[566:57] Speaker 8: manner, yes. But no, I have not taken it online in any degree. Okay.

[568:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I gotcha. So that's the part that we got to get that out there and see how it does see outperforms, to be able to really determine the answers to the question that you have is you the answer comes from actually experimenting. And this is unfortunately, where a lot of people get your question is, has frustrated, pissed off and gotten me the most hate mail of any question I've ever had. Okay, because most people like Jeremiah, you're the damn expert. What kind of idiot lazy asshole Are you that you can't give me an answer? That's what most people think of, but I can't give you an answer to that question without actually testing something out. Okay. Yeah. And so, it but most people, a lot of people don't understand that. I can't give that answer. It's okay.

[580:09] Speaker 8: Okay. So no, no thoughts one way or another, whether you go out there as a business entity versus

[582:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: going out, go out there as yourself. Not that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, go out there as yourself. But I, as far as like your offer goes, that's really hard to tell from the beginning, we got to really start with the process that I talked about today of writing that offer copy. Okay, and looking at who is the target customer? What are their deepest desires? Not what do they need? What do they want, that they're begging for? Constantly? Okay, and that's one of the biggest ones is as you might have to market something that they need, that is actually not healthy for them. And it's actually harmful to them. Okay, I've had a number of clients do this, where they sort of bait an offer was what somebody needs, it's not really helpful for them, and helps that person see that this isn't helpful for them. So they actually go in there and basically give the person the heroin, not literally, but like, figuratively, but then guide them through getting off of the drug. And how to actually get the best results. And that's a big part of when coaching is as you as you put this out there. Have an offer that so you want to you want to think about of all your clients that you have, what are their deepest desires that they have? And how can they trust that you're going to give them their dreams? How do you take a complete stranger and build trust with them that working with you will create the dreams that they want? And why do the people in person trust that in the first place? Because they know me? Because they know you? Okay? So you got to just get to know a group of people online and build trust with them the same exact way but at scale. Okay. And then you're able to pull a few of those aside that either want to coach with you, or depending on the price of what you're offering, will coach with you at scale in like a group program or a hybrid? coaching course hybrid for 500 to $1,000. Got it? Yep. All right. Yep. All right, Bobby.

[619:14] Speaker 1: Thanks again, Jeremiah. This is awesome. Love, love all the discussion. So my question to you is about your model that I'm seeing, you know, are you finding that the one day event leading to a five day event? Are you doing that monthly? Are you doing that by monthly?

[623:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're doing one times a month?

[624:49] Speaker 1: Process like, Martin? No, yeah. So you do it a couple times a month? Yeah. So each time you having your Facebook group and repeating that through that whole process. And then yeah,

[628:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: really, really, really dial in, like, what's going to work the most as far as our messaging goes. And then we'll automate the whole thing to where I don't have to show up live to where it's all pre recorded when you go evergreen, but a lot of people who do pre recorded their messaging sucks. They're not going to close sales, or they're only closing a few sales. And that's where a lot of people fail that when they run evergreen, that this model, I iterate so many times and take the data from everybody. I take the transcript of this call. And I run it through the API and pull out of it really the needs and desires and and create a profile of who my best target customers are. So I look at who from this group ends up within the next six months joining my coaching program, who from this group actually makes an investment to work with me? And then I look at, okay, what do they all have in common? That is actually spending money with me. And then I segment out the people that didn't spend money with me all of their questions all of their desires all of that they want. And I stop creating and serving that group of people that isn't actually going to buy from me. So I'm just leaning in more into those that are buyers and less into those that are just here to waste my time, not actually going to do anything and not actually get results. Because here's the thing, if you can't figure out how to log into Squarespace, you're not going to buy my program and build a six figure business. So that's not gonna become a testimony for me. So I'm looking to create people that are actually case studies that I can use. And so I just ended up segmenting out everybody that I think is less likely to become a case study. Makes sense? Thank you. Yep. All right. Dr. Zamora.

[658:25] Speaker 9: Hi, Jeremiah. So I met you break before you got married. So I just want to on a personal note, congratulate you on your big news. Because it's, you know, it's close to my heart to watch you grow and expand in the way that you are. So yeah, so I actually experimented and I have worked in the wedding business. So for 13 years, and at this stage have married over 3000 couples, and part of my coaching program is, is targeting couples who have sort of decided that they don't need to do any marriage prep, either a because they're not religious. And that's only for religious people, or because they just, you know, don't think they need to prepare for something like marriage. So anyway, so my, so my wife and I didn't do any. So, yeah, well, it's okay. It's okay. So what I what I did realize is that, you know, over the years, people have, you know, reached out to me and said, you know, we really need help, because we're not doing well. And so I just want to catch people at the front end. In a fun way, in an in you know, and so I launched I soft launched today. Yeah, because I said, Okay, 1212 at noon, I'm going to do this. So I soft launch today, I've been sitting on this on this coaching program for probably two years in my insecurities said, Oh, I'm not good enough to do this. So I just, you know, I'm not I'm not feeling insecure anymore. And I'm doing it. And my question to you is, I haven't done any sort of free offers. I have a lot of ideas for we're in in engagement season. And I guess one of my questions is, when I do a live on Facebook, should I only do it from my, my wedding business page? Because a lot of times those are people I've already married, and I'm trying to target engaged couples.

[693:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you want to use your name? And use that personally.

[695:22] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah.

[695:46] Speaker 9: So I use it from from just my personal Facebook page or set

[697:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: up a page with your name. Okay. And then you you use like a personal Instagram and a personal tic tock and a personal those three accounts, Facebook, Instagram, and Tiktok. And then you find those people through that. Do you have an offer where they sign up for you for free training?

[701:32] Speaker 9: Yes, yes. And I'm working. So that's what I'm here because what I did do as my experiment was, I gave it away to a few, you know, people that I married over the past year, and they all love it, they all said it was like really intimate testimonials from them, just to see if it was if it was good. And so now I'm at the stage where I'm just trying to figure out some fun ways to do some lives. And maybe like you said, like have like a either one day or a three day workshop, where I just give away some stuff.

[710:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, do you got some creative topics to do for that? Well, one

[712:25] Speaker 9: of my favorite has been love languages like diving deep into that and not doing it in like the books in like, you know, buy the book more like, let's really talk about you know, what does it mean? You know, so yeah, I do have an

[716:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome No, that's great. You know, I mean, if you're gonna catch them before the wedding, you can talk about how to make sure you don't marry, marry a frog, who you thought was a prince, like you know, something like that.

[720:00] Speaker 9: Uh, yes, yes. I mean, because in the in the actual program, I really dig deep into values and, and unspoken rules like, you know, what are the things that you sit around and expect and you don't talk about because you were programmed by either your family or, you know, like you said earlier, a lot of our behaviors come from, like, childhood situations that we think we're safe by creating behavior, and then it comes up six months into marriage, or a year into marriage. And you're like, wait a minute, you were like, super cool before. And now a year later, I'm like, Who are you? So I'm talking a lot about on that level, not just surface, it's like,

[732:16] Speaker 1: yes, yeah.

[733:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you need to talk about those directly. First off, but I want to know, like, what stage of this process? Are you stuck at specifically?

[735:13] Speaker 9: I think, well, I finally just did it, I put it out. So I I'm there. So now what I'm, what I want is funnel funnel support. Because I have a lot of things I can give away like little ebooks that I've done over the years and gifts and things like that. So I'm just a little bit. I want it I want to know how to really target the right people?

[742:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I think if so you said funnel support or targeting? I'm

[744:02] Speaker 9: not? Is it not related?

[745:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: or what have you, you do need help building your funnel and your automation? Or is that already set up? Know that

[746:34] Speaker 9: I know how to do I know how to do that. It's it's I guess it's offers? I guess what it is it's offers,

[748:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're looking at advertising to the right people and pulling them in off the internet that are looking for what you're offering, getting them to go through that cycle. And then once you get them into your offer, is it actually closing them as a sale?

[752:05] Speaker 9: I don't know. I put it I put it there today,

[753:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: ya know. So that's really the nuanced portion of this is you're looking for going from AD

[755:42] Speaker 1: to sale.

[756:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And making sure that that's producing that sales result for you. Yeah, that's all in how you communicate with people. That's all on how you're communicating. And so that's why this book, The Way of the role, by Jordan, Belfort is the best sales outline that I know of to ethically persuade people who join you for an event to become a client. And it talks about your entire mission as you're just it's a trust building exercise. So your whole entire event is just an exercise in you building trust with them that you actually are going to deliver it and know how to bring them to their goals, know how to bring them to their dreams, okay. And so you're inviting people to build trust with them right here. But you haven't even ran ads to invite people to it. Have you know, I'm

[770:21] Speaker 9: starting that now.

[770:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. So you guys do that. So why don't you think that you've done it yet? Why haven't you done it yet? Why have you stopped there every time?

[773:28] Speaker 9: I honestly I think because I was scared. I you know, because I'm so used to doing face to face and just being with people. I'm great with people. I just haven't comfortable with the online thing. And I know I'm ready to do it now.

[777:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. What's the can you get? Are you able to get present with why that discomfort with the online thing? Is there an answer? Like why that's uncomfortable for you?

[780:41] Speaker 9: For me, I'm a great starter, and I'm really good with ideas. And what I'm always worried about is not being able to follow through, and the lack of support when things go wrong, like if I have a tech issue, it'll discourage me or things like that.

[785:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. So the lack of support while I showed you online jobs.ph that you can use. Do you have a budget for that? Yeah,

[788:46] Speaker 9: it's awesome. Yep. Okay.

[790:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where I would start is I would hire somebody for that support. Now, if you're still here a year from now it's we got to look at it's going to be something else. Yeah, no, that's not an option. It's not about the support that you get though, is like okay. How do you know if this offer is converting? How do you make sure that you're actually leading people to it? Here's the thing. When you're running an ad and you're doing this, your first step isn't actually going to get them to spend money with you. It's to get them to even show up online and show up in person. You're first sale that you're trying to make is for them to actually show up. Here's the thing, there's only there's only 22 people out of the 120, that sign up here that want this enough to show up. I haven't sold the rest of those people on my legitimacy. And they doubt that this is worth their time. That's why they're not here. They're not here, because they doubt that it's even worth their time to listen to a word I have to say. And here's the cool part about that, I don't care, I could not care less. And in fact, I want them as far away from me as possible, I don't want them in my space, I don't want those doubters in my space. I want to just let them go and keep living their life how it is. It's not my responsibility to make them do what I want to make them become a client. Now, here's the other thing, too, is there's only a small group of people that's actually here, I can't make any of you guys do anything either. But at least you're showing the desire, see a lot of people they need to show desire before they actually are even worth making a sales pitch to. So far, there's only 22 of you out of the 120 that sign up for this. And maybe half of that, like 10 of you that are even qualified for my coaching program, because the rest of you are just not going to do anything. You're You're, you're here, you're going to learn all this and a year from now is going to go by your study in the same spot. So you got a choice to make. Are you going to be in the same spot a year from now? Are you going to step up and start doing something and the first step is to get some people in front of you to start to coach? So what are we afraid of online? What's that fear that we have with the online or the worry? Or the uncertainty of the online space? What is that specifically? Where's that coming from?

[833:42] Speaker 9: Are you asking me? Okay, I would say for me, it's more of actually, I don't think I am afraid anymore. I was I don't feel that I don't feel the same that I did before about it. i For me, I worked on my confidence with who I am and what I have to offer. And I'm very, very confident in that. I know what I'm doing. And I know. But yeah.

[841:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, but you did just tell me that you were afraid five minutes

[843:01] Speaker 9: ago? Yes. But I'm saying I don't feel that. Yeah,

[843:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's because there's a there's a part of you, that's this badass that has so much confidence and so excited. But sometimes she's afraid to show up. Yeah, and she's not ready to show up. And so she sits behind this timid sort of critic that says she's not ready yet. And so it's time for that bold, courageous version of you to show up more often. And make room and let yourself know it's safe for me to be bold and courageous. That it's okay, if I rock the boat a little bit. It's okay, if I mess up. If I make a mistake, it's okay. If I don't do it all perfect. It's going to be okay. And now, every part of you isn't going to believe that because you don't have a track record that even says that in every part of your life. That's where that lack of integrity comes from. And I'm what I'm saying is, as all of us have, at some level, a lack of integrity, and that's what's stopping us is we're not actually fully being honest with ourselves about what we want and living the life that we want. We're so stuck on doing what we should all the time. We're so stuck on focusing on well, I shouldn't be doing this. I shouldn't be doing that. What would happen if you just stopped if you stopped doing what you should and just started doing what you want more often. And just started living how you want and realizing you're not powerless in your life. You actually are at the driver's seat, you're not in the sidecar. But in reality that doesn't work out that way. For most of us. It doesn't work out that way. A lot of you. It never will. Because that system of believing like I'm not ready, and I'm not. I'm afraid and not allowing that courageous part of you to step out trying to hold it back to protect you from getting hurt again. That protector that's trying to protect you from getting hurt again, is what's actually driving the show. So you almost have to like, let yourself know like it's okay, I can let this courageous side of me run the show. We're not going to get hurt like last time. So that's an important distinction there.

[879:24] Speaker 0: All right. Yep. Thank

[879:46] Speaker 9: you.

[880:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Bess.

[881:12] Speaker 0: Hey, can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Sorry, trying a new mic. So, um, when you said a few minutes ago, most of you aren't even qualified for my program? Are you figuring that out through the way we're showing up on these things? And when you say that, do we have to do you know, a lot of people do applications to get into their program? I'm kind of wanting to model that when I opened my mastermind, but like, how do you do that? And do you stop people? You know, someone who's gonna throw a few 1000 at you? Are you really going to stop them? Even if you think they're not in that position to do that program?

[891:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Absolutely. Okay, I give them opportunity to even decide that for themselves for 30 days. And so and I spend that 30 days as an exercise in really getting them to decide if it's a good fit, or if I want them in there or not. I've removed people, I just removed two people today.

[895:23] Speaker 0: And do you like refund them? Like what do you mean, remove them?

[896:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I refunded them?

[896:48] Speaker 0: And is it because of the work? Or because like our business, or we mentally are not at the point that we can use?

[898:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Honestly, it's because they got a really bad attitude and started harassing me

[899:45] Speaker 0: out. Yeah, I'd remove people like that, too. Yeah. So.

[900:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I do is I get people that are not meant to be in my space, they get to that place where they get really upset.

[902:56] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah. So something you're saying, Well, I'm

[903:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: not I'm not necessarily trying to trigger them. By me just being myself. It's revealing what's inside of them. And they're not ready yet. They're dealing with way too much. I recommend that they get a therapist, they yell back at me like you don't know who I am. And you're so abusive, like my father. And I'm like, what? You know, like, my, like, my father told me I needed a therapist, because he wanted to control me. And I'm like, that's not what I'm saying. I promise. Heal from what's hurting inside you. I can tell that you're you need a therapist, not a business coach. Okay, so those people,

[913:12] Speaker 0: usually it's so it's not like you're having applications. People can actually buy into your program. Like that's, I guess, that's what I'm trying to figure out. What did you mean by that?

[916:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: What did I mean by what? When you

[916:38] Speaker 0: said earlier, some of you are

[918:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: just your there's gonna be people on here. We've been doing enough of these live events for the last probably, since COVID. started July of 2020. Okay, I just found you. So we've done almost 30, almost 40 live events like this. Wow, there was a percentage of people who show up at the live VIP. There, the numbers are the same every time it's predictable. Wow. And so I can actually tell just based off of who's showing up the questions that I'm getting the types of questions that I'm getting. Yeah, wherever everybody's at in their business. And And truthfully, it's very revealing, because I've just been doing this for 19 years. It's like, I just know too much I've seen to read people.

[930:41] Speaker 0: But I guess my question would be for me, then on my side of things, I'm sorry. Yeah. And, you know, because I even know what you're talking about. There was earlier, someone was asking a question. And I thought to myself, Oh, this might be too advanced for where she's at. It's not looking down on her. It's just, she's, her business is not ready. So is that what you're saying? filter that how do you filter them out? By

[938:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: not filtering myself?

[938:35] Speaker 0: Okay. So it's not? There's no process here. So I don't need to do any. Yeah.

[939:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's really by not filtering myself specifically trying to cater to a certain type of version, the less filtered I get. And the more I just focus on what are the questions people are asking me. I create opportunities for people to ask me questions. And then I analyze those questions and build offers, based off of those desires, and then it goes as far as Okay, who's in my mastermind? Right, we got a number of people that are in my mastermind that are on this call, even right now. They're live, but then who is also on these calls? And then what questions are they asking and what results are they actually getting? I only only only really prioritize results. And so what I will look at is the result that somebody's getting, meaning Are they are they making if they spend $1,000 on ads, do they bring in at least $10,000 in sales? Are they making at least 1010 times their ad spend? That's like the bare minimum result that I try to get people spend 2000 make 20,000 Spend 20,000 make 200,000 And so so then I just I look at and I and I tune my messaging like I'm tuning a car or I'm tuning a computer or tuning a piano to the to the to the resin into frequency of topic that is most likely to become a paid client with me. So there's a number of people that are in here that you know, they're in the client growth accelerator, and I have one on one clients as well still. So these one on one clients have invested over $10,000 with me. And we meet one on one over zoom, and go over that the business together, okay. And so I just I take a look at, okay, who are these people that I'm helping in the beginning, you might not have those people. So that's why you want to get people on free events. And you gather those people and you listen to what people on these free events are saying. And then you build your offers of what people are actually saying to you. Rather than trying to guess beforehand, rather than trying to come up with it. In your head, you actually do it with real data and real feedback from real people. So you're, so you're essentially experimenting on a group of people. They're like your little lab rats, they're your little test rats. And as you do that enough times, you won't have to experiment as much on people because you've gotten very down to the nuance of what's the right frequency that resonates with those that become paid clients. Okay. Now time of year can skew things, stuff like that, I know that it's the holidays right now. So the numbers are skewed a little bit based on that. But this process has worked really well for us. It's worked really well for our clients, have you do live events, and then you get people to ask you questions, the whole purpose behind doing a free live event is to get people to ask questions, that's all purpose. So this event would have no value, if none of you showed up, there wouldn't be a value to it really. And so and then what I teach out for the rest of the next five days, comes out of these questions to give you guys the best result possible for the value that you invested. And then I take that data. And when I open the doors to my client growth accelerator, there will be a small handful of people who jump into it a small handful of people who actually become a client of my coaching program, because they want me to support them in their copywriting. They want me to support them in their offer building, they want me to support them in building and launching their business and answering questions about okay, is this ad working? Can you look at this copy for me, Jeremiah, can you see as to why I got 100 people that registered, but none of them bought my product. That's what we coach people on is really diving into that nuance right there is once they're actually iterating through the process, how do we make sure that it gets results that get better and better and better each time?

[1005:06] Speaker 0: Okay. So how soon do we get to join the thing? Well, when do you actually open the thing? Like I wanted it Friday? Or whatever day it was Saturday? Yeah. Wow, everybody

[1009:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I'm not doing it till next year. Yeah, he

[1010:01] Speaker 0: told us that. And I was like, what?

[1010:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I told everybody that I'm not doing it till next year. And I don't want to break my word, because now that loses credibility on everything that I've just told

[1013:04] Speaker 0: you guys, then what would be the point of this five days? I mean, I know you're helping us and stuff. But what if we don't get to get in your program? Like I'm chomping at the bit?

[1016:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you got five days with

[1016:24] Speaker 0: me. Yay. Yay. Awesome. Excited.

[1017:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right.

[1018:31] Speaker 0: So so seriously, you really do not open it at the end

[1019:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the five days, like I'm not planning to right now.

[1020:01] Speaker 0: I've never done that. Like I don't? How do you get people to hang on? Like, I've never done that? Like, I just let them in

[1021:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thinking of needing people to hang on. Ah, you get rid of the thinking of needing people to hang on.

[1024:09] Speaker 0: But what was the point of building up with us? Like, I'm new to you. So what was the point of like, pouring into me and then I'm all excited and I'm ready to do some work. If I can't work with you, I guess that's all I'm saying. Like I'm just blown away that

[1027:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get a result. You will if it's a good fit for you, you'll come back on your own. I don't need Okay, hold your hand.

[1029:49] Speaker 0: I'm like I'll just keep chatting. I

[1030:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't need to force you in the door. All right. So if you study again like Brunel says if you study psychology if you study influence if you study how you sell to people is that actually when you take something away from people and they're not able to they want it more the right yeah. So the idea is behind that is it is a psychological thing to do that but that's why I want to repel the people that are not a good fit. Okay, okay. So because I don't want I don't I want the people that are not a good fit to say man that's I don't like the Jeremiah is doing that makes me feel really sick and slimy, and I don't want anything to do with him, the people who are not a good fit with me think that I'm the worst person in the world. Right? They think that I'm like, the I told you some of the stuff that I don't want to repeat it. They say they said, so Oh god, I have a lady today write me say that you that I'll never be as successful as my mother with my approach. Okay, you know, and that that there that there's no way that I will ever succeed at my business. And I hear that from a lot of people who have already succeeded. That's what but that's the thing is they don't know that. And they're operating from their own story and their own lens. So that's what I was talking about, as people actually hear a different version of my message. She actually heard a version of my message that was on her page that I was not safe for her to be around in that space. And I had to actually give up the need for people to feel safe around me, you're not going to feel safe around the people that aren't meant to be around you. Right, you're not meant to feel they're not meant to feel safe around something that isn't a good fit. Yeah, especially if they don't have their heart in the right place. And they have ill intent, I really don't want them to feel safe around me. I say safe, it's not a physical harm, but it just, my emotionally my presence triggers that feeling.

[1062:08] Speaker 0: It's funny that entrepreneurs would even be pursuing safe. I mean, my 12 years in this business, nothing about it is safe. It's a fake. Right,

[1064:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. But how many people think that they play it safe all the time, or that play it safe to not try to lose the money, again, like they did last time, okay, or not try to have people judged them. Or maybe they made fun of them and created like posters online and made fun of them in a group forum, or in a Facebook group or something like that, or just any way where we're trying to not replay the past. And we're really focused on I need to make this work. So I need to make this work. Because again, it's a statement around safety is because we feel like if it doesn't work, I'm going to feel unsafe dysregulated I'm not going to, I'm not going to get what I want, I'm not going to get what I need, I'm not going to get my basic needs if things don't go my way. So that's the route that a lot of people struggle with to take action in their business. That's the route that I was struggling with the most is I knew how to be successful. But I didn't actually even create a safe space for people to be themselves, I was very judgmental, I was very harsh, I was very critical. In the beginning. Like, I wasn't a safe person to be around because I was trying to avoid people hurting me. So when we're so attached to trying to avoid getting hurt, we energetically become unsafe to the right people. And then the right people are pushed away, and the wrong ones are actually drawn in, because that's what we're focused on is trying to avoid. We're trying to avoid repeating the past. And so again, how do I mean by it energetically doesn't it's because the words that you use change the words that you use the tone, your tone of voice, how you string sentences together in your marketing, and your landing copy and your videos and your content. It changes. And so we're how do we transfer energy as humans, our tone, the way we pause our language, the way that we string words together and their meaning that they have behind them. And so if we break down at its core, the messaging of language is most of the most of the time, people are using what they know is the best language. And so we have to use an assistant like Jasper to come up with better marketing language that is more suited towards what attracts the right people. But we also have to let go of the need to control the outcome, because then how we're talking ends up coming across as somebody who's needy, as somebody who's desperate. So if you're desperate for a sale, it's kind of like being desperate on a date, you get turned off by that person who's really desperate because they want something out of you and they want to use you for their benefit. And so what it is, is people don't want to be used. People don't want to feel like oh, they're just using me to make a buck or they're just using me to do this. People don't want that feeling. They want to know that. That you're actually truly there to help them because there's too many scammers and charlatans out there. There's so many people that are not when I talk about not safe. Your clients are afraid of you not being safe, because most coaches aren't. And so then they have their own trauma that they're trying to avoid in your messaging

[1124:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. Can you hear me now? Can you can hear me now. So that's why like when you come and you start building your offer, you got to come from this place of truly not being worried what do other people think about me, but rather, how can I just come from a place of self love, self care, self compassion, and be so grateful to just put out there the value that I have to people, and Whoever accepts it and likes me likes me, whoever hates me hates me, I don't need them to think anything of me. For this to work, I don't need to be able to guarantee that it's not risky. And so again, it is risky, it's risky to do all of this. We just got to look at where are you stuck, and then get unstuck. And there's a training in your members area that I just loaded up into the into the members area of the VIP. Specifically, that's all about getting unstuck. And so you can go through that, and that'll really help you to get unstuck. Okay, this is why people offer money back guarantees is to build trust. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. The whole exercise is in building trust. But you got to be willing to be judged by people. You got to be willing to have people misunderstand you to talk bad about you to, to even think the worst about you. Be okay with it. become okay with it. I'm okay with people thinking the worst about me online, and don't have to try to change their mind. Okay, so that's just kind of a big part of that scenario, a big part of that framework. When you're building your offer, we're going to go back to tomorrow, the offer building, the activity of building your offer, specifically, is you building trust with people, you're not like, turning the wrong people off, you're you're connecting with people, the goal is to connect, how are you going to coach somebody, if you're not connected to their heart, you're just blasting them with information, you're just being a teacher. Now, nothing wrong with being a teacher. But a teacher doesn't get paid what a coach does. Okay, and so course creators need to elevate themselves to the point of I am not just teaching information, I am guiding people to a result to bring transformation in their life. Okay, and then you see yourself as that leader, if you haven't had good examples of leaders, that can be scary. But that's why we got to heal what has been hurt inside of us and, and we can't let this timid side of us hold back that courageous side that's ready to just throw all caution to the wind, ready to be reckless with your ads ready to be like reckless with your marketing, ready to just put it out there and, and not care how it lands or what it produces a result of. And when you think about me talking about that, what gets triggered in you, and I say you need to be reckless with your marketing, what gets triggered in us to why you can't be reckless with your marketing, that will point to what we need to work on. Because you need to be reckless with your marketing to even get a result. You need to be reckless with this whole process. And you need to do so courageous, and not holding back not being afraid of it not working out for you just gotta, you know, truly, it's kind of like imagine how you are after you have a glass of wine or two or three and you let all caution to the wind and like this true side of you comes out sometimes some people might feel like you can get to her, that's where you operate all the time without drinking alcohol. And then that energy will come across and be very attractive to the right client because you're detached from really your inhibitions, you're taking action without the fear of consequences. You're taking action without the fear of how it might play out. And so I'm gonna leave you with that. This is probably one of the most misunderstood topics that I teach is that you need to learn to take action without the fear of consequences. You need to start taking action on your, on your instincts, and on your impulses. More and more, taking impulsive action to where you don't consider it you don't process it. When you have an idea. You jump and you do it without regard to how it's going to play out and Move on your impulses more often. And so if you can answer inside of yourself, Why am I hesitant to move on my impulses that will actually point to the areas in your life, where in the past, you've lacked integrity, that will point to the areas in your life. Because if you have integrity, you can act on your impulses, and they're not going to hurt anybody. And they're not going to cause these problems, because you're operating out of a place of integrity. So you'll look at you need to shore up those areas that lack integrity. First off, start keeping the promises you make to yourself, start doing what you actually say you're going to do instead of all coming up with excuses and reasons as to why you can't, as to why you're incapable of it. Our basis typically a few weeks ago, even Jeremiah's countenance told me that this person was right in his attitude. Yeah. Awesome. So listen, this is awesome, everybody, I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that you're here for the next five days, I want you to think about and consider what I've talked about, I want you to think about and consider what is really stopping you why you're really stuck. And ask yourself those questions. Why? Why am I stuck? And if your mind goes blank, and you can't figure out why it's because you might actually be afraid of the answer. And so give yourself the ability to say, you know, it's okay, if I don't like the answer. It's okay, if I don't like how I'm gonna feel after this. If I feel guilty, ashamed, scared pit of your stomach, that's fine. That all points to the areas where you can grow and where there's limiting beliefs. And so when we can reframe those limiting beliefs around that area that's most triggering for us, we can get unstuck in those areas. So there's no reason for anybody that's on here to be stuck. If you're watching this, I made an opportunity to people to get a result in their life and in their business. But there's only 22 People here. Many people are called few are chosen. Again, this is this is what I mean, a lot of people were called, they were called to join me for this event. Now, I didn't handpick everybody in here. But you guys chose yourself to show up. If you have chosen to show up to say I'm serious about building this business, I'm serious about changing how I've been doing things. So listen, I want to congratulate you, if you're here I get you might not be able to be here every single day totally fine. You'll watch the recordings, you'll go through that. And then when I do open the doors to my client growth accelerator, I know that at least five to 10 of you might jump in. Even if it's next year. I just I know that because I've been doing this long enough. I've been doing it long enough. And so a two I want you to borrow some of my faith and confidence. Like like you might not believe in it. But know that I believe in it enough. And I know it enough and I got conviction enough to tell you that this is what works. So even if you don't believe it in your own life, just borrow some of my faith right now, as we go through the next four days together, okay. All right, I'm going to show you a process literally if you just do what I say and follow what I'm showing you and do what I do as well do what I say and do what I do. And always prioritize what I do over what I say. You got to look at what does somebody actually do their actions speak the truth, not what comes out of their mouth ever. When those two are together the same? That's where integrity comes from. Okay, but watch what I do find the inconsistencies. It's great. It's awesome. It'd be a fun experiment for you. I bet it was one of the first ones he found all the little inconsistencies. Honestly, my business has gotten better because of the guiding hand of Ave Bakshi. One of our client growth accelerator clients who who saw the areas where we were failing, who saw the areas where we needed to shore up and brought us and elevated us to a higher level just by being himself Ave Don't you realize your value here to people?

[1273:27] Speaker 4: No, I'm hearing that for the first time from you. I'm just I'm just hanging around. And you know, I mean, I'm truly excited for the new people here you know, that who want to join and I've been here eight weeks seven to eight little little over that and I underwent a surgery so I lost a few weeks. But you didn't know and by the way, no perfectly I mean 99.99% out Good to hear that. Yep.

[1280:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I give you a big hug my brother.

[1281:08] Speaker 4: Thank you. And there's a true excitement, you know, for the new people that joining and because someone got me in when they shared excitement the way I'm sharing with you the new people quote unquote new people. It just automatic but you know, it's also there is no advertisement here. It just said, as you can see from the chat that me and Lila and these were just getting there and so yeah, so welcome. You know, welcome.

[1288:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: We love that. I love that. Yeah, Lila is here to Lila she's one of our clients. She's one of our one on one clients as well. She is one of the most amazing gifted storytellers writers, and and somebody who's making change in the world. She's helped change how we've done our business as well, by really pointing out how we can recraft our story in a way that honors both sides. And so Lila, what would you say to some of the people that are here to look forward to the next the next five days at least? Like, what did they have to look forward to the next five days? Because that's what we got in front of us right now. Oh, you're muted. I can't hear you. There you go. Now I hear you.

[1300:48] Speaker 0: Okay, so I guys, like I'm looking at 12 hour day. And some of that day, the most fun part of the day, the most exciting, inspiring and life changing is this incitements that I get from Jeremiah, you know, so what I would have to say is that this energy that you sent from him, this is this is him. It's completely authentic, totally natural, you connect with him today, you're gonna connect with him all five days. It's just who he is. He is also a great storyteller. He and I share a passion for great storytelling, Star Wars, you know, and all the really big epics. Because I think what he's really invested in is you becoming the person that tells the greatest story, getting up on that stage and talking about your transformation, he wants you to be the person that achieves that great story of the future that you're picturing. But he has in his mind 10 times the version of that for you. And that's what I find in the way that he coaches me. He dreams the bigger dream that I don't dare speak out loud, right? So even even though you know, I have accomplishments, but he dreams a bigger dream, it's much more fulfilling for me. So I

[1320:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: love that I love that. And here's the thing is I want that dream to become your dream. And it just becomes big enough, you have to dream big enough to fit all the dreams of everybody around you inside of them. That's what it is. So my dream is 1000 millionaire coaches that fits everybody in there. And I think everybody who's on here can be elevated to the place of being a multimillionaire, because I know what it takes I know what it takes. And so like everything that I'm sharing is for you to start to see that result in your life. There might be some hard choices and hard decisions to make. You might go through, like some really tough challenges along the way. You might have to rethink something that maybe you thought about differently. But in the end, you're going to come out with a brand new perspective on what building a coaching business means. And that is what we call the hero's journey. And we're going to talk about the hero's journey here throughout this week, we're going to talk about the journey that everybody goes through, you're going through your own journey right now, growing into that millionaire Coach, how will you impact the world? As a millionaire? I want you to think about that. How will you impact the world as a six figure income earner? Think about that? And start to see that version of yourself before it is a reality. So to dream about it. So to envision that, and then we don't become attached to that vision. We take action from a place of acceptance and looking at okay, what's in front of us right now? And what can I be faithful with? With what's right in front of me? What can I get my very best shot with? That's right in front of me. Even if it's not the big picture result that you're wanting right now. You know, if only 10 People join from this event, when we open the doors to our accelerator, that's still a win for me now that's less than I would have hoped for. But that's still a win for me. And I accept this and I analyze that I look at okay, maybe I need to tweak and adjust and maybe I need to go back to what we did before. How do we tweak it we move back and forth. And it's data driven. So it's all data driven. It's all predictable. The same model we use with my mom's bed business, it's the same one that we use with, with my clients, businesses that have been the most successful. And it's a model that will work for all of you as well. If you're a coach, if you're a course creator, if you're a trainer, now, if you're like, Jeremiah, how is this gonna help me with my agency business? How's it gonna help me with my network marketing business? How's it gonna help me with my, you know, my ecommerce store? I'm not the one that really has experience in that my mom is much more suited for the E commerce side. If you come to me asking about trading stocks, I'll tell you, you know, I'm learning with my mom, but I'm not, you know, a stock expert. But I am a copywriting expert. I still write all of my mom's sales copy, I create all of her offers. I create all of her landing pages and her ads and her her I script out with her her videos. That's what I do with my clients is I ended up basically scripting out your perfect marketing plan. Basically scripting that out. So that then not only is the story, you're telling your story, but you're going to be telling your clients stories. So I want you to have 1000s of clients yourself, that have this transformation, this story that they're proud of. And you become the director of this epic in your life of the stories of the clients that you work with, and how they all interweave together. So, that's, that's the fun part about it. That's the fun part that really lights me up a lot as well. All right, everybody. I will see you all tomorrow. At the same time in the group and we will go for it and then we'll be back on here on the VIP. Have a good one everybody. Talk soon

