VIP - Launch Your 6 Figure Coaching Offer
Date: 2022-12-17T03:16:44.000Z
Duration: 79 min
Otter ID: wnHgUPfMZjBFsRuxH4rf2ZTQqJs
---

[5:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's everybody doing? Welcome, welcome. I'm excited that you're all here. I'm actually really blown away by how many people have signed up already. It's amazing. Normally people wait to the last minute Can you hear me? Yeah. Awesome. No, yeah, I'm blown away by just a ton of people have already jumped in already. This is like amazing. So thankful. So but yeah, we got the q&a here. We got them. We're gonna be doing two more bonus q&a is we got our live call. We got the Jumpstart training for members next week. So yeah. While the training is over, I'm still here to answer your questions for you today. For tomorrow, and for next Tuesday, because I want to I want to I want to help you. I don't want you to be stuck. I don't want you struggling to try to get clients in your business. No more stuckness. All right. Nina, Nina.

[27:56] Speaker 1: Hey, Jeremiah, I actually don't have a question. I just wanted to say how powerful today was and just to acknowledge your vulnerability. It's not easy. I know. I know. I mean, I have a podcast. And so I know what it's like. And it's it's very, it's beautiful. Quickly, I'll tell you, I, you know, I know you through your mom. So I enrolled in her courses years ago, years, like, when I first start, I would say I never actually started a business. I started lobbying. And grew my facebook page through what she said to do. Yeah, through Facebook ads back then. And grew it to Yeah, from zero to about at the time. 9000. People. I never nurtured it. I wish I had nurtured it. But I didn't. Yeah, so I have a dead page with lots of followers. But I just wanted to say

[42:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did that too. By the way, I had like, 15,000 people that like, were dead. So

[44:48] Speaker 1: yeah, it's it's unfortunate. But I yeah, I really just want to acknowledge, acknowledge you for just being like who you are. And being straight up, I resonate with a lot. It's just easier than to put on a mask and put on a face. And honestly, I do a live every Thursday morning. And yesterday, I came on and literally was like I'm grumpy. I don't feel like being on so I'm just coming to tell you. I'm grumpy. I don't feel like being on. Yeah. So I do appreciate it. I really resonate with it. And I am looking forward to put some money in my bank account. 23 Yeah, hard year, right. So

[56:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's just know truly honestly, like, we're, there was a tough, I think that we're gonna see very similar overall recession, like there was in 2008. You know, it's funny that my mom started her coaching business in 2008. Did you know that the coaching and online course business thrives in recession, and more than any other time. Because there's people looking to transition from the jobs they lost, and they're looking to learn new skills, or they're looking for side hustles they're looking for new ways to do things. So So why why I'm really like, oh, I don't want to recession, people lose their jobs and stuff like that. It's a good opportunity to invest if you have money for the stock market, which I have. So I'm excited for that. I'm excited to buy a house I even heard the car market is going to crash. So I might buy a new Corvette for cheap. I get sad, like recession is but if you look at it on the flip side, is if you're aware of it, and you have an opportunity to create something. It's actually where innovation happens. And we were pointing this out on one of my mom's stock calls as well. The biggest innovations in business happened during recession. They have happened in the 70s and the 80s and the 90s in the 2000s. And now we see the number one especially in technology and the Internet around recession. Right? Well, we got it, we got to know that we all have another vehicle for the car seat

[82:58] Speaker 1: smartest time to buy in the market during this time. Yeah, totally.

[83:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's a great time to build and start a coaching business and really, like, cast dreams of people. Now, here's the thing that you'll get, though in a time of recession, you will also get people very angry that you're selling an opportunity during a time of recession. Like, don't you realize that people are losing their jobs and you're trying to sell a dream? You unethical pig? You know, like that type of comments. But it's like, you can't let the haters comments dictate

[91:51] Speaker 2: where you're going, either. So

[92:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: anyways, all right, I'm gonna take Michelle's question. Thank you for that, Nina. Appreciate it. Michelle?

[94:47] Speaker 3: Yes. I'm wondering if I heard this right. You said you were making 500 a month. And then you went to 160. And now you're at 400k a month?

[97:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I did. 400k in the last four months total. We did 160. Last month. This month, we'll probably be around 80. I just realized we're doing 5k a month. Yeah. Or five? 500 a month? Yeah.

[102:01] Speaker 3: What What? What made the jumps? What was it just consistency? And finally enough people caught on? What do you think? Like? What took it to the next level?

[104:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you been Have you been on with us the last five days? Yes. Okay. It's literally me doing what I've just shown you the last five days because I wasn't doing those things. So I'm actually teaching something I wasn't doing prior to four months ago. However, we were we were actually doing all these things for our for our clients. So the other thing is, is this, let me explain this, and some of you might not get it. Um, I was dealing with some mental health issues. Where it's so funny.

[116:11] Speaker 4: We got to

[116:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: most people who I tell this to say it's a load of Bs, and I'm lying. But I'll tell you guys, as I was so focused my energy on helping my clients succeed that I didn't build my own business.

[120:28] Speaker 0: So I helped like Rick Pino, get to a million a month, I was putting all of my energy into his business. I was putting all of it into Georgians, and my mom's business and all of that. And it was just honestly, it was because of where where I have come from and how I was raised is that other I believed that other people were more important than me. I believed that I had to always come second to serving everyone else around me. And as soon as I started putting in boundaries around that, to where my business comes first, my business's results and sales come first. That's what happened that shifted everything. And we went from only selling about 500 a month to that next month, I did over 40k.

[134:25] Speaker 2: Yeah. And that's something

[134:50] Speaker 3: that switched. And I was curious what it was,

[135:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it was really the switch of it's not selfish to make me the most important thing in my life. I am not a bad person, for making myself important to me.

[139:40] Speaker 3: That was the switch, you have to fill your cup, so you have something totally make so

[140:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I actually believed, for a long time that if I made myself important, it meant that I was hurting others. It was it was it also piggybacked off of another switch in May. So about a year ago, I discovered there was a there was a Christian teaching that I was raised with called worm theology, and worm theology, some people know what it is, teaches you that you are worthless. And that to believe that you have any value less than dirt, like more than dirt and like worms on the ground, Sherry's nodding her head because she knows what it is. Literally, it teaches you that having any level of self esteem is basically demonic. And so I believed this my whole life until about a year ago,

[154:37] Speaker 5: that that

[154:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I am worthless, I literally believe that I'm worthless and that the less worth that I just beat myself up and then then I will somehow be holy that way. And so I had to flip that switch and it was reading the book I was actually reading the book, you are a badass by Jensen cero that helped me. And really realizing that like, like believing that I'm trash isn't even what God wants me to believe, as a Christian, like, he doesn't think that I'm trash. So that was very interesting. I was going through in business for years operating out of a mental framework that I, I talked to my mom about it, she broke that mental framework years ago, while I was still operating in it. And I never talked about it with anybody, because I thought everybody believed that. And I was like, how are people succeeding while thinking they're trash. So I just for whatever reason, that had to shift to me, and then it was wait, I can put myself as a priority. That doesn't make me selfish. I was I was misinterpreting the Bible verses of, you know, bear each other's burdens type of a thing. And, and really, like, put others ahead of you type things, to the extreme to where literally, I had zero hours in the day left to take care of myself. And my wife will tell you, even in the beginning of our marriage, it was a struggle, because I was putting her second to all of our clients. Because I'm like, well, these people like, are more important than me. But she's like, Yeah, but I'm more important than them. And I'm like, How do I manage this? And so yeah, it was just that switch. It was a mindset thing. I mean, more than anything

[185:12] Speaker 3: else. Awesome. Thank you for sharing.

[186:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then that what happened with that mindset switches. I just started consistently promoting live events, and I just started doing the stuff that I had been doing with my clients for the last two years. I'm like, okay, it works really darn good for them. Why am I not doing that? Why am I doing everything, but the thing that's working for them for me, because I was putting out daily social media content, like crazy, hoping that that would get clients, it doesn't. Daily social media client content doesn't actually get you clients, you have to have offers that you send them to off of the content. So the offer comes before the content. And that's why a lot of people think, Oh, the content comes before the offer, making the offer, your content will flow out of you making offers and connecting with people. So now I have like a I have more content now than I did six months ago, simply by doing these live events. And all I do is I just make content that all yours questions that you're answering now become content on my podcast, my social media for the next six months. So my audience ends up literally telling me how to market to them better, just by answering their questions versus me trying to come up with ideas, it actually makes things a lot easier, because now I don't have to think I don't even have to think about what I'm going to teach or my content is. I just answered people's questions all the time. And then if I get the same question from people in my accelerator, like if I get like five people asked me the same question, I'm like, Okay, I gotta make a course now on that question. So like, we kept getting asked, How do you make a funnel in Squarespace? How do you run emails, so that's why I'm teaching, email marketing, the fun way, funnel building and Squarespace. Those are the two courses I'm putting together. And I'm really walking through based off of the questions I was getting for three months leading up to that point. So I'm just answering questions, and then building all my offers around what are people asking. So that so in that sense, I don't even have to be like, my expertise isn't really what's producing all this. It's just my ability to listen more and pull questions out of people. So good question, though. Michelle, I need to I've never had anyone asked me that. So that's cool.

[223:01] Speaker 3: Well, I follow your mom stock thing. And somehow, like you started surfacing and so but then something changed. And I was curious, though.

[225:21] Speaker 2: Cool. Thank you. That

[225:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: was it. I also, I also started doing the parts work therapy that she's doing. Which is pretty cool. There's a book called No Bad parts by Richard Schwartz. It's pretty good. And it talks about how like, all of us have, like, if we were thinking about it in our brain, you know, we have different modes that we step into different I guess, like you might have like one personality with your in laws versus like a personality meeting like the president or a head of state and all of this, and sometimes certain personalities pop up when you don't want them to, and then you end up being reactive. And so no bad parts talks about how we have like these just different parts of our personality that are all part of the whole and how you can manage those better instead of being reactive. You're in Well to be more calm level headed, and that's what my mom has taken that type of therapy to, it just takes a lot of the same approaches of talk therapy. And there's some like inner child therapy. And it takes it a little bit further than that. Like, that's not always an inner child. Like for me, I found that there was like something that happened to me when I was 12. And then 18, and then 26, and three different versions of my mind were battling each other a lot. And because of that, they were almost like fighting inside of my brain, to where I would get really reactive in certain situations like the 12 year old when I needed to, like be the 35 year old and an 18 year old wanted his fight everybody, and learning to like, not let that just run amok. And then you just have like, no, so it's really the, it's about taking every thought captive. And doing so in a way that is is just make sense. And it's a lot more easier than like, trying to control the thoughts. It's actually more giving them space to like, say, okay, most of the time when we have trauma. There's something inside of us that we're feeling that we need to get present to and journaling can help with that. And you want to say okay, what, what is that feeling trying to tell me, and you want to actually listen to that feeling. And then by listening to it, you're able to resolve some of those schisms or those fractures in our personality that we have and integrate together. So. So I've been doing a lot of that for the last year and a half, two. Very cool. Well, thank you. All right, Angela.

[267:29] Speaker 6: Okay, I was just going to share that I took action and set up a masterclass for after Christmas. And I've sent two emails, and we've had 23 people signed up. Awesome. So now I just figure out how to present the

[273:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: content. Yeah, what's the content on?

[274:01] Speaker 6: It's, um, a menu planning masterclass?

[275:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Awesome. Yeah. So what I would do is, I would just again, you want to just tell your story, like what got you into doing that? Yeah. And then you you walk people through the steps. And then and then you have some kind of an offer that you sell at the end of that. So at the end of it is like, what would those people buy from you? What are you going to sell them?

[281:14] Speaker 2: I have a

[281:38] Speaker 6: 12 week coaching program based on releasing the weight from the inside, in order to release the weight on the outside.

[285:17] Speaker 7: Oh, cool. Okay,

[285:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. So that Yeah, that's actually really cool. That's a really cool hook. Um, I think you could talk about too, you could do an offer that straight up deals with that issue to like, directly. Yeah. Yeah. Like some kind of like a free a free training that goes into, like, how the inner work actually affects what's going on in your physical body and all that.

[292:47] Speaker 6: Yeah. They, when they purchase, and I'd love to get your feedback on this. Because I've, I've tested a lot of variation, as far as what will kind of get people just get them started into the program? Because it's not always easy to promote? Hey, do you want to get down and work on your nitty gritty from childhood kind of deal? Yeah, but but just explaining that just exactly what you said, and what you've covered? You know, things keep us stuck, because we haven't dealt or had unmet needs as children. And so basically, we've done well, currently, what we do is kind of a, I have three different level options that they can opt into or choose from, but the the least expensive, the basic, just to hop into the program, I felt like it was more of a a taste and see. Yeah, good. And it's, it's for $97. And, but like you said,

[313:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's kind of what my event is to.

[313:52] Speaker 2: Yeah.

[314:12] Speaker 6: And so they can do that. And then once they go through those first 12 weeks, they have the opportunity to jump on to the reoccurring membership.

[316:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: How much you sell in the 12 week for?

[317:28] Speaker 6: Well, the 12 week they can do 97 497 or 1297 depending on the level that they choose. Who's and the additional? You know, content are not not necessarily content, but the additional accountability or deep dive into, you know, what their body needs specifically, I'm able to do that remotely. And so so just depending on what level they choose is, basically the more time they

[327:04] Speaker 2: got it. Okay, again, yeah.

[328:12] Speaker 6: But we, you know, we have a foundational course. So when they get in immediately, they have access to the foundational course, until the 12. week starts. So I do three, so three times a year, we do the 12 week round. And we're we're meeting weekly on Zoom and all of that kind of stuff. But But promoting this, this is the first time I've ever done a menu plan masterclass. Yeah. You know, because anyway, we're just testing this out. And so, so far, I'm encouraged by the numbers that have opted in, but just two emails.

[339:09] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's super cool. So, so to sell

[340:00] Speaker 6: the 12 week program, I mean, yes, I can tell my story, and I can create a menu plan online. But I mean, and I've already downloaded the audible book. I just haven't started listening to it about that. The wolf book. So just right off the bat, are there any suggestions? Other tips that you would give to, to sell it at the end?

[347:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that book, but also the Euro badass at making money will be a good one, too.

[348:59] Speaker 6: Yeah, I've read that. It's a cool, awesome. I've read both.

[350:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So if you've read that, so that's good, then this, then this one will be kind of a good unlock for you. As far as just how you how you sell, what do you say? It's just it's all about? Sales is just about creating an environment for people. It's not I found in network marketing, sales, the way that Danny Johnson taught, it works really well for network marketing. Yeah. works, okay. For other types of sales doesn't work very well for coaching. Okay, yeah. And so, what I've had to learn is like, for coaching people just want to know that you're going to be there to support them, that you're that you're not going to disappear. Yeah. Because a lot of people feel like, I can't do this on my own. I need help. And that's so that's what you're actually selling people.

[364:11] Speaker 6: Yeah, I love the zoom, the live zoom interaction. I mean, this week has been great. And I think, you know, it makes you feel like you're not alone. Yeah. And so that

[367:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not alone. That's that's the truth, though. Like, it's not just making you feel like that. Like it's the reality.

[369:17] Speaker 6: Right, right. Yeah. You know, it just is just more real. It's more authentic. Yeah.

[371:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's hard to teach sales, because it's like, it makes them feel like they're not alone. Well, I don't just want people to feel like that. I also want them to literally be what I'm offering them. So I'm offering them something from a very honest place. Yes. Very truthful place. To the table is truth rather than lie and manipulation?

[377:53] Speaker 6: Yes, when you've lived it, that comes across and how you relate to everyone. Yeah. Yep.

[380:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got a there's one other thing I was gonna I was gonna share with you is on the tip of my tongue and then my last tip

[383:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, like, select when selling. You want to that's you want to just you create an opportunity for people to just tell them what you have. Now there is objection handling. This is why having like being like, excited, and like your state of mind is important. Yes, handling objections is really as simple as like, Hey, you think I'm a piece of crap, great, that's fine. You can have that you can have that belief too. I don't judge you for it. Hey, I think I'm the best thing in the world. That's great. That's awesome. So like you're excited, and really validating where the other person is, no matter what position or opinion they have of you. And that's an important thing to do is to really be truly excited about what you're offering and be excited about connecting with people. And your sales comes out of that place of I'm just excited to connect with other people. And now if you're somebody Who is isn't as naturally an introvert. Introverts can do this as well, you just have to kind of turn it on during the time that you're selling. And then you can kind of shrink back and it's sort of I was describing, it is kind of like, a bit like acting, you know, you're kind of like on a Broadway show, you're kind of doing a play a presentation, to where us share this with my group. As for me, when I do my five day events, I'm sort of, in a sense, acting in some ways, and building out the storyline of the journey of my clients. And for the people that can go through act 1234, and five with me, you know, a lot of people drop off will maybe have, if I just look at YouTube alone, and this is just average, we will have almost over 200 people who watch day one, maybe 100 to watch day two, and three, and then it drops down to 75. On day four, and almost only 50 People watch day five. So a quarter of the people who started the journey with me and act one. Lila says she loves the Broadway analogies. No, it's true, that when you start with me on day one, only a quarter of those people go through all the way to the end. Because the rest of the people come up with whatever reasons that are valid, that they just weren't resonating with what I'm talking about. And so then your goal is to really find who are those people and then who rises out of that and joins your program. And you build and you start to iterate. I realize not everybody knows the definition of the word iterate. Let me look it up. I wonder if there's a better word than iterate, it basically means to, to utter repeatedly, or to do something repeatedly to go through it again, to repeat something to run through again. So the idea is when you iterate when you repeat, again, it's kind of like, okay, I did the show once now I'm going to do it again. But I'm gonna tweak what I maybe said in Act Three, just a little bit, I'm going to change the intro just a little bit. I'm gonna adjust it based off of the psychology of the people that I'm connecting with. So I'm always thinking about, like, who becomes a buyer of my program? And then what are they dealing with? I also look at, I really pay attention to who asked for their money back after 30 days? And what did I say that attracted that person to join? And how do I stop saying that? How do I make sure to repel that person even more? How do I make sure that they don't show up? And really, what I found for me is, I think I was making the process sound too easy to people. Because to me, I'm like, it is easy, you just do it. But I'm like, okay, that's not technically or there are a lot of people they didn't realize like it does cost an investment, right to come in. So that's why now I'm really like, it costs an investment is going to be hard, but you can get through it. And that ends up attracting better people by being on it and making that a big forefront part of my messaging that I wasn't even mentioning the past two months. And so then you're gonna repeat your sales pitch a few times. And the more you do it, like I said, you're gonna get you're gonna get better at it by doing like riding a bike, riding a bike, like driving a car. Yeah. And so just by doing it more, you're gonna get better at it. Overall. Okay,

[461:20] Speaker 2: thank you.

[461:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's the biggest part you just got to you got to sell more. That's actually what makes you better at it. That's just the biggest reason I think a lot of people aren't good at sales, or they feel afraid of it is they haven't done it enough. That's the same. It's kind of the same thing with, with with, with dating. It's the same thing with going to like a new school or making new friends and I get it. There's some of us like we've never made friends. We've struggled with that. We stay in our little zone and what's safe and what doesn't feel risky. The business is risky, it's all risky. And so it's time to step out of our little comfort zones and start to take some risks.

[473:47] Speaker 6: So good, thank you.

[474:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what I'm able to help guide people along the way of doing all right, Sonia.

[475:54] Speaker 1: Sonia you're muted, Sonia. Oh, yeah, unmute yourself. Thank you so much. I couldn't reach the bottom where the functions are in the buttons on my phone.

[483:23] Speaker 0: No worries.

[483:52] Speaker 4: I am so thankful you did this, Jeremiah. Yeah, it was awesome. I loved your authenticity, I'm coming from ground zero guys, like, I actually intentionally didn't tune in the first day. So all that stuff could get weeded out, I already intuitively knew that. I tuned in the second day. And the third day, I really tuned in the third day, and really started listening because I knew I could feel the flow, I could feel and Intuit what you're doing. And I have been, I have been working one on one just catching clients one on one, I'm a life coach, and a massage therapist. And a primary therapist, I'm trained in working with parts, I've done a lot of Prime Minister training over the years. And a lot of my clients were filtered from working under ministers or working with churches, working with pastors working with other lay ministers. And the last three years, God has just been breaking that off of me and breaking religion out of me big time, Jeremiah. And now I'm ready to market my skill level that I've been working on for 17 years. Yeah, build it as a business. That's what brought me here. And really, really sell this but so I'm like starting complete from scratch. Okay, I have a website. I don't have podcasts, I don't have YouTube, I don't have anything else and your your lessons on tech were overwhelming, but huge. I was like, this is the piece I needed. Yeah. And then to do the copy, work the copy AI. So I just want to say I'm so thankful. So thank you. And I'm building. So I'm building my content, because I usually work one on one. So I gotta build the content. And, and I I really love how you are authentic today. Because that authenticity is what I'm about. I like it just locked it in for me. I've been doing parts work on doing my own inner healing and then helping others do inner healing. And so I have been so thankful for how you shared this sales pitch, how you modeled it over and over and over again, how you repeated yourself over and over and over again. You repeat it and I was hearing you, I would catch like, little bits at little bits at a time. And so I'm going to go back and watch it I signed up for the VIP, I'm going to just download that that's where I'm not. I am. That's where I'm starting with. And that's what I'm doing Jeremiah, but you'll you'll you'll know me. And I'm going to listen to your podcast, I'm going to do that. And insert there. Thank you. Awesome.

[527:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, there's something there's something to it, I would say this was probably one of the hardest five day events I've done. And I've done, I've done quite a few. Because all the questions I was getting, were not what I expected. And so I'll tell you this whole time I've really been flying by the seat of my pants. Five days, like I didn't know what I was going to share any day. I knew like what to share, but it was like, every time beforehand, I was like I would have like the mood swings like an hour before and all that because I was just not certain and dealing with that. And so but what I've learned, like best said, you know your stuff, so it's natural to answer. I've cultivated in myself the ability to get into a flow state where I can teach without knowing what I'm going to teach because it just comes out. I don't need notes. And that's something that I really like encourage a lot of my clients to, to start to do is to learn to do that. And the biggest reason that I feel confident in doing that is because I'm just answering questions. And so when it comes to like What content do you create for your program? Take what your one on one clients that what is a what is a? What is a single thread pattern that all of your one on one clients have in common? And making that a course.

[552:48] Speaker 4: I love it. Yes, Jeremy.

[553:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's that's what I base all my like group training content on what is the single thread that everyone can benefit from? Yeah, even though we're all unique and individual, there's usually small patterns that are individual that run across every client. And so what creates your courses and your trainings and your content. Now I'll say this, you don't need a podcast, you don't need to make a whole bunch of content, getting offers out there is going to be a much better step and you get people on Zoom calls, and then create content out of what comes out of those.

[563:53] Speaker 4: Okay, I can do that. Now. I love how you model for us that you just flow, you know, to the questions that you're getting, because I do that, too. You know, like, I can intuitively have a framework of where we're going with a client based on the questions that I'm answering at the beginning of our first session. But that flow state kicks in Jeremiah and I love working enough, I get it.

[570:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And for me, I can cultivate it by what I eat exercise, I find, I can usually get into a flow state of I go for a walk for about 30 minutes. And it just like, pops me right into it. So then I'll write copy for like two hours after that. And like for all my clients, and so like, that's usually where I ended up responding back. And what comes out of that is the best content by Mortis getting into that. That state of mind.

[578:18] Speaker 4: So awesome, I can apply that my brain when brain was already firing before my body was completely moving this morning on how to sell what I've been doing. Nice. Amazing. I was like, I love this.

[582:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love it. All right, in Carroll in. Hey, might be a stupid question. But no such thing

[585:14] Speaker 8: as there are I think we both know there are stupid question.

[586:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Stupid question asked asking a woman how far along she is.

[587:40] Speaker 8: That's right. Things we do want somebody never do it again.

[589:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's my wife. She's two weeks from giving birth. She'll, she'll be like, Thanks for noticing.

[591:31] Speaker 8: So I, I've been doing some of this for a little while. Yeah. The usefulness of Facebook events. Difference between boosting events, like taking out an ad. So I have an event coming up in January, I have like 500 people that are say they're coming are interested. And like, is there a way to sort of like, close those is that is it useful? Do we forget about

[598:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it? So yeah, so we were testing that out with Joshua Giles. He used a lot of Facebook events to get people to show up in person. He did test out he did a Facebook event for a webinar, the show up rate was almost the same as having them register on his website. So we found that to be pretty interesting. The people who said interested, it was a lot cheaper. They were like 10 cents, 20 cents. But when it all was said and done, how many actually converted was almost the same as doing it on on his website. Okay. Yeah. Because it's really it's just about the intent that people have. It is it is an interesting approach. If you're going to do like a Facebook web event, and you do a webinar. Next year, I'm thinking of like, kind of testing out a few of those myself as well. Because it's just another like webinar format. But how many people actually show up to it? How many people actually take action, you're limited, that what I didn't like is you don't have their email address. You don't have their contact info. And then you also know what you do have those you do have their data as far as they said, Yes. And so you can create a look alike audience off of that, and maybe redirect them to another offer that you have. But I really, really, really, especially when we look at what's going on in the marketplace as a whole. When we look at all the social media platforms, I think it's really important to actually grow your own email list that you can keep, and that you have so that you can move people from one platform to another eventually. And the amount of people are gonna sign up to your email list by saying yes to a free event or, or doing it straight to a landing page is almost the same. People who actually sign up for things with their actual real email address, are very, very serious about what you're doing. I very rarely even use my real email address for things. And I'm sure most of you don't either. And so that's why cultivating a email list is what I see as the top priority for you as a coach, of course, grader, or mentor. Yeah. So my mom, my mom for two years didn't run ads after she was running them for a long time. SMS list is great. Dorne I would do both. I wouldn't just do one or the other. But yeah, SMS list is also really good. I don't use SMS as much, as much as I should I think it can annoy people. Sometimes, a lot of texts that can like an email I find is the least annoying way to reach people. I think an SMS and a direct message is more annoying. So but one or to SMS is is fine.

[645:32] Speaker 2: Um, all right, this hey, this week, this weekend since Saturday has completely changed my life that sounds so dramatic. But

[651:17] Speaker 2: God is using you. Yes, he's using you. And I mean, every time we meet again, I'm like, Oh, now I like him even more. And you were so mean at the beginning that I was like, oh, no, is he going to be me? Like a mean guru? So I was kind of like, nervous. And then I saw you. You're, you know, and I know.

[657:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not. It's more, I just, I found that.

[658:43] Speaker 2: I'm teasing you when I say mean, but you know what I mean, they were doing your filtering thing, which Yeah, I personally kind of like the idea

[660:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: of it actually brings your cost of your ads down.

[661:37] Speaker 2: And probably the cost of my time moving forward, because you don't want to know how much dead weight I've been working with. And I don't like to talk about people like that. But it's been a lot of years of not making enough money. Yeah, and I know, I'm that that's on me. I know, I knew that before your training. I just didn't know the how of out of that without leaving people in the dust. So I know now, from everything I've been gathering, you just gotta just used you to bring just total clarity on how to move forward. And I already was on a good track for 2023. But I feel like it's going to be my six figure year I do. I I believe love though. It would be my first six figure year and 12 years. Wow. So and I've never believed it like this. Like I see the program being sold. It's already being sold. But I see some things changing with how I market. Yeah, I see. Adding new you

[677:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are out there can see yourself making six figures in one year. Finally, and if you if you can't, that's something to ask internally. Like, why do I doubt that I can write or seven Yes, seven Exactly. How many can see that you make seven? Exactly.

[682:35] Speaker 2: Six will be the ladder rung to seven, you know. So anyway, I had to thank you and thank you for opening. I know that you had said you weren't gonna and I just feel so so excited that you did and I jumped right in. I have a question for you about CGA classes. Is there a way for me to get those courses to my virtual assistant outside of CGA? Can I Can you charge me ala carte?

[690:14] Speaker 6: Um, you can just because I can't. Hmm.

[691:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Please give your VA the login. I can do that. I Yeah. I don't care. If it's inside of your company. That's fine. Yeah, she's

[694:33] Speaker 2: my direct employee. She's not a VA for other people. She's just working for me almost full time. Yeah, that's fine. Okay.

[696:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now usually, I usually tell people to do that if they got like certain vas. So

[697:54] Speaker 2: because she's going to be the one doing a lot of the funnel work because

[698:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing is, is is, is Yeah, is if it's gonna help you succeed, you know, then that's great. That's awesome. Okay, yeah, it's like, Oh, hey, this is like my friend who's in business. So I'm trying to help, then I'll say they need to sign up for themselves.

[703:12] Speaker 2: She's actually my employee, but without benefits, like just contract employee. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and so okay, she's gonna be super excited about that, because I thought I was gonna need to pay you all a cart. Good. And then eventually, I think I want to just pay to put her in there with us because the personal growth stuff that you share is and she's been attending this week, your free level. Cool. And she was like blown away at the personal growth stuff.

[710:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we'll have her plug into the podcast, too.

[710:56] Speaker 2: Yeah, I did in the YouTube channel to your YouTube. We got

[711:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot on the YouTube channel and the last like, these past two are really good on mindset, mindset for financial abundance, and that's what I need, and then unlocking your potential by overcoming perfectionism. I thought it was funny. I was literally sweating bullets when I realized I forgot to add the bonuses to the page today. Y'all like that? That's me. Freaked out is what you saw.

[718:44] Speaker 2: We didn't even call for them. I'm thankful for them. But I was signing up Saturday, I am telling you

[720:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was but it was funny. I was like, oh my goodness, this is so like unprofessional. But then I was like, You know what? Who cares? Yeah, right, I freak out very calmly, I've had to learn how to do that. That's a learned skill. So, yeah, internally I was like, Well, I was going through all this stuff like there's, you know, I'm gonna lose sales because of this. You're even though the internal thoughts, you're such a loser, like, nobody can trust you now all that stuff. And I'm just like, man, be gone. Out don't hear you right now. So no, I'm excited for those that jump in for those that are that are going to be in there. It's gonna be really great. We've we've already had a number of people jump in. So thanks for those that that have already. And you'll get all the details emailed to you about the the Jumpstart call next week, we're doing the Jumpstart training. The jumpstart training is specifically like, how do you get started as fast as possible with the client growth accelerator? So and we actually skipped it last month, so I'm gonna be excited because it'd be a lot of people who joined last month who didn't? Who didn't get it. So that's a live training that we're going to do, where it's a lot similar to this, but it's more like, intensive style. To help work with you on that. So what's up, Marcus?

[743:51] Speaker 5: Hello, hello. Can hear me? Yes. Great, great. Question. I'm going to be teaching sign language. It's not something that will be like medical sign language that will get someone to overdose in medicine or, or law sign language that would get someone put in jail, you know, I'm just teaching regular training. But what if somebody, you know, I'm just wondering, like, they say, like, you don't have a license as a as a teacher, you know, to teach. And I set this sign to someone and they curse me out, you know, getting them saying so. What would you say as far as having some type of disclaimer before my courses, to let them know that I'm not a licensed instructor? And what you use is for is, you know, is based upon your risk, or I mean, I don't know

[760:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: how you can just say that out loud. I again, I would if you're if you're wanting to know about like legal disclaimers, you need to really talk to a lawyer about that.

[763:34] Speaker 5: Right, right. But have you do you have anything like that on your sites

[765:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do at the bottom of my site. It's at the bottom of every page says it's at the bottom honestly on the client or the accelerator page says Jeremiah's professional marketer, his results are not typical your experience background education may affect and I found another typo may affect your application of his strategies information displays are examples not guaranteed results this company does not currently know the typical results of its customers. I do know somewhat the results, I'd say about 30% of our clients don't make any money because they literally don't do anything that I tell them. So obviously, they're not doing anything they're gonna make anything and some could say that that makes me a shitty coach because they're not doing anything that's to be debated. But I don't hold a gun to people's heads actually do something the other half they're doing something but they're kind of in the process and struggling but then we have about a third of our clients that are really starting to see really good results which is cool. So it's like in thirds that way. But then I also have right here earnings and income representations are aspirational only of your potential earnings success cases are not there are their exceptional and non typical and are not intended to be or guarantee that you will achieve the same result individual results will always vary in yours will depend entirely on your individual capacity, work ethic business skills and experience level of motivation, diligence and applying the economy the normal and unforeseen risks and business and other factors. So like I have that on here and we got a terms and conditions and all that that are oh that link to the link to ties terms and conditions. I thought I had that linking to mine. Why am I linking the Tai Lopez's Terms and Conditions? It's because I had edited this from his I need to link that spine

[798:29] Speaker 0: there right here. See, I need to fix this. So I his were really good. This is where I pulled it from

[800:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: his at the bottom here, we're really good. So I edited this and made it kind of fit mine, because I know he's been sued a few times. So I figured I find the guy who has been sued a few times and is still doing it, and then I'll edit his. It's funny, that's been on my site for like a year now, and they never even sent me anything about it either. See, goes to show like you can make all the mistakes and still be profitable. So you purposely make mistakes, but

[809:54] Speaker 5: what about live events?

[810:27] Speaker 0: What about what what are you talking about?

[810:52] Speaker 5: Like, this is good for like a training program? That's pre recorded for a website. But what about, you know, like a live event, like a zoom event? And if so, why don't understand

[814:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: what what the difference is between that? And the how, what is the difference between a live event and a training program? Because I don't see any difference between the two.

[816:57] Speaker 5: But I'm saying like, it's already printed on your site. So you don't have to say it on on your site. But if you're having a live zoom event, you're not going to read or read all that before you start teaching right.

[820:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, let me ask you, this, this the question that I asked, Are you in a lot of parts of your Are you really like? Are you really afraid of getting in trouble?

[823:49] Speaker 5: No. Okay. I'm just like someone who teach English or Spanish. Why? Why would they be afraid? No.

[826:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Um, okay, so help me understand kind of like what you're asking because I'm not fully connecting with what you're asking?

[829:29] Speaker 5: Well, some people like to, like to cause trouble, you know? Or, or maybe there are some people that may say, what's you what you taught me? I did it wrong. And it got me in trouble. So I'm just saying, would it be like, good to have it? Some type of disclaimer in a live event? Not reading all that that you read?

[837:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's up to you? Again, I'm not a legal person, I don't really. So here's the thing, what I found, I used to really worry a lot about people that cause trouble. And the reason why is I was somebody that caused trouble. Most people who worry about that are actually troublemakers themselves. And so what you want to think about is really like, why is Why are you putting so much energy and trying to protect yourself from troublemakers?

[845:39] Speaker 5: Yeah, troublemakers. But there's also a group of for example, there's a group of people that learn sign language, but they did it. They were doing the wrong sign language. And they actually got down to some serious trouble, like a gang fight, because they're actually using gang signs. And I don't teach gang songs you get I'm saying? So okay. Because Because if you don't do it, right, it won't come out. Right. And you can be sneaky. Be saying the wrong thing. You know, if you don't put your thumb out on I Love You, you're actually saying a bad word. Okay. You know, and that's because people have locked the writers and they can open their phone. You get I'm saying, You're not saying I love you. They're saying, Bull, you know, they're saying a bad word.

[859:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're so you're just trying to like, protect yourself from those people coming back to you saying that, Oh, I got my face knocked out. And so now I'm gonna sue you for medical damages, because I had to spend time in the hospital because you taught me to say this, and I got in a fight.

[862:48] Speaker 5: Right? Because they had arthritis and couldn't put their thumb out. Instead of saying, I love you. They said, Bull, you know me to someone got it. So I'm just saying, Is there something I could probably say? Yeah, in the beginning of my lot, my live zoom training, he said, we'll be good

[866:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: to go. Again, if I'm not an attorney, and I don't have the answer to that question.

[868:47] Speaker 5: I appreciate what you did share, because what you have on your website is really beneficial.

[871:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So because like, for instance, let's flip that around, Marcus. If you have that person, sue you. Are you are you going to be coming to me and saying, Well, Jeremiah told me not to worry about it, and now you're gonna sue me. So you're gonna do

[875:21] Speaker 5: never okay.

[876:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see, that's not even a concern of mine that you would do that. No, never. And so I think it would be important to look at like, why, like, if you're really thinking about that, and you're concerned about that, you might want to talk to a professional That would be able to help you with that. I used to worry about those things. And honestly, it was just because I grew up, needing to worry about and be hyper vigilant and protect myself from getting hurt all the time in my home growing up. And so it just might be something to look at as far as like

[888:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: being concerned that people are going to attack you all the time, is it's not a, it's just not a healthy way of thinking, I don't think. But to your point, that might be how you've always thought, and that's what's kept you alive and kept you safe for years. And so if that is such a big concern for you, you may want to talk to an attorney who is actually trained to answer those very specific questions, and they make their money being able to have those right answers. For me, I find that I'll deal with the problem as it comes up, instead of trying to be so worried that people are going to come after me all the time, because I used to be worried all the time that people would come after me. And it used to be my main focus, I actually was terrified to launch a coaching program, because I thought everybody would ask for their money back and I wouldn't have enough money in my account to pay the refunds. And that, and that made me not want to build a coaching program, if we're somebody who all we're focused on is to potential ways that people can harm us and take advantage of us that, but if you're somebody who isn't taking advantage of somebody, like you're talking about Marcus, I trust that you're not somebody who would go and try to hurt people, but you're afraid of people hurting you that might because you've been trained your whole life to constantly make sure people don't harm you. So that might be something to look out. Why is that that you're so focused on trying to protect yourself so much.

[913:22] Speaker 5: Thank you, thank you. But it's not only personal because later, I will share once I learned how to do this, I will share with others. I have virtual assistants in other countries that have other skills, you know, some cook foods, some design, blah, blah, blah. But let's say like if, for example, if someone cooked food, and there were certain foods that are diabetic, shouldn't take in all this and they got sick, you know, maybe they should say, Okay, well, I'm not a professional cook. And, you know, whatever I teach you about, for example, cooking, you may want to have a disclaimer that, you know, is your risk. You know, if you're a diabetic and you take this and you get sick or someone dies because they didn't get it. It wasn't because my you know, I'm saying it's there's things that we don't

[927:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: ever do they have Lila, do they have those disclaimers on cooking TV shows?

[929:44] Speaker 7: Um, you know, working documentary and I know, that's a really good question. I don't recall. Like I've seen disclaimers like adult content and stuff like that. And we were actually worked on a documentary weight loss show, which is the one like the one thing you should have a massive disclaimer on. Because results with weight loss are not typical. And I don't I don't recall seeing that. I never, I never, I think we do have releases, though. Where people? I mean, and that's something I mean, I've actually seen a release with another coach where you actually have to sign a release that, that you agreed and you understood that results were not typical, and that you wouldn't sue and stuff like that. So I mean, a release is more what we would typically use in television. So every participant would sign the release the if people got in the shot, they'd sign a release locations would sign a release. So you always have you always have, you're covering yourself that way. And I think blank conditions on the website does that. But there's no reason why a coach I think, especially as you get further along and you start to attract like 1000s and 1000s of people to have individual releases signed.

[948:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: My mom has had over 50,000 people that she's coached over the years and she's never had anything like that.

[950:16] Speaker 7: She just has a disclaimer on her website. I think the difference between your mom and Ty Lopez, she doesn't have she. She comes across very authentic, he comes across like a hype master. Mm hmm. So I think it's, I mean, I'm not a lawyer and I have seen some crazy lawsuits because I know people in California but I think it is one of those things where the more authentic you are, and the more because you're very real. You're one of the only coaches that comes right out and says a small percentage will do the

[960:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: job. And that's why that's why I really tried to repel people that I think are going to be bad actors. Yeah, I don't try to attract them or convince them to do business with me. That's a big reason why I repel those people in the first place.

[964:40] Speaker 7: Yeah, but that's part of what makes you so awesome is because like, like it took, I think, a year before I saw one other coach admit that only 2% of the people that take his coaching actually implement so. So I think with you, it was like, right up front. Like it's right away

[968:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: the truth. And I'm, and I'm constantly trying to learn, like ways to help people to implement, but at the end of the day, I mean, you've seen in the client growth accelerator, some of the reasons people won't implement. I can't help them. Literally, there's nothing I can do.

[973:44] Speaker 7: Yeah, and I think one of the things like implementing is my next step, right? So I've taken I think I've taken three, five day challenges by now. And then I have my first mini launch in mid early January, which we're going to, we're going to discuss, but what I'm realizing too is like, I love all this is amazing, but I can't get caught up in the learning but not doing what you talk about. Correct. Really fantastic. And it's been a great example, but then people will think she's disappeared, but actually, I'm going to be implemented.

[982:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Totally, totally, what I see. So one of the things that kind of came in this week was somebody was like, you know, my biggest fear is putting into implementation and it not working out. And so she's not implementing, because she's afraid of it not working out. Like, that is actually a major mindset issue, that I can keep teaching and helping and encouraging. But I'm not going to get her to the place where she actually does anything. Because she has such a deep belief that to take action without a guaranteed result equals in her brain. Our brain doesn't distinguish between get certain death, and things not working out. So to her brain and her fear response, taking action without a guaranteed result is the equivalent to me saying go jump off a cliff to her brain. So there is literally nothing that I will say to her to get her to believe that jumping off a cliff is safe for her. Because she her brain is correlating, taking action to certain death until we get to the root cause of okay. And that's what I told her sit with that feeling like, where is it that in your mind, you believe that you have to get results this quick that it that it taking time, it's already taking you a lot of time. And so this attachment to I need it to work, I need it to work where I'm never gonna do anything, keeps you stuck from doing anything. And realize that is clearly not serving you. And I and I'll keep teaching that and helping with that mindset, but it is up to the client to actually get it and implement it. Does that make sense?

[1014:51] Speaker 7: Lila what's up? When you said that fear of the refund thing? Yeah, I can totally relate. I just like it would like stress me out. But I also fear half seating. Like where where I succeed enough, but I can't leave my other commitments. But I only have half the result. I need to actually really go for it all the way because my dream is to do it all the way. Right? It's like well, yeah, yeah. Right. So I think when we share those fears, but like, I love that we share fears in the context of what we're gonna do it anyway. Right. But that fear of half succeeding, where I'm serving a lot of people, but I still have my other commitments, but I'm not serving enough people to be free. So that I think that's what held me back a lot because then I thought because I take responsibility, like if people are coming in, I want to serve and support. But how would I juggle until enough people come in and so And the crazy thing, enough people at the right price could only be 10 people. Yeah. So

[1032:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it's gonna be it's gonna be really great for you. When you start when you start doing that. I think that some of you are hearing this right now. You're like, Man, I just signed up for the accelerator. Now I want my money back because Jeremiah told me I'm not gonna succeed. Great, awesome. Ask for your money back. You got 30 days to do so. But it really is. I tell everybody in the in the group. I will meet you halfway but it's your responsibility to actually take action. I refuse to step into a codependent relationship with anybody in the group. to where your success is dependent on me showing up and caring more about your success than you do. And that's where that that will keep you broke as a coach is if you believe that you have to that your clients success is your responsibility.

[1045:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: My clients success is actually, it's my responsibility to show up as best as I can as a coach, and to give it my best. But at the end of the day, if somebody goes through all the courses and only learns and doesn't implement that is that is on them. There is a school of thought in the coaching business that says that if I don't show up at your door and threaten you to take action, that I'm a bad coach, I refuse to operate in actual physical violence. So that's a level that I won't step into, is to actually try to pressure people into taking action is to actually pressure people to the point that they feel afraid of me or me coming after them to take action. There are some coaches out there that do that. And they have a high success rate. And then those people have to go to therapy after leaving their coaching program, I don't want people to have to go through trauma therapy after leaving my program. Because they're only successes because they were terrified of me hurting them. I've been in those coaching programs. And they're not, they're not healthy. They're not helpful. There's this, there's this belief that well, but it's effective, they got results. And so there's this belief that if I didn't do what's effective, to get my clients results, then I'm a bad coach. That's to be argued, if it's effective for me to be abusive to my clients, and more people would be successful. If I was, if I was just a little more abusive. That's a line that I refuse to cross. And that's my own standards. And so that's why I recommend people actually to go get the help, they need to work through their own mindset issues, like using the resources over at over@betterhelp.com. For therapy, I use them for a while betterhelp.com to get help with those mental issues that are blocking them those fears, those worries, like if you're afraid of people attacking you for not having a disclaimer. And so that's why you're not launching your business. And I'm not a professional at helping people protect themselves from attackers, that's a lawyer's job. And so I'll recommend that you go to a lawyer. But I also think that it can somewhat do with a mental framework of being in hyper vigilance all the time, being in a hyper state of mind of constantly needing to protect yourself from getting hurt. And in business, it is always a risk. If you don't want to risk you need to go work for someone else and let them take the risk. Because your boss, the CEO that you work for, takes the risk and hires the lawyers and does all that. And so as a business owner, we gotta say, Listen, it is a risk to put ourselves out there to the world, we got to work out how do I show up as my most powerful self. And if that means you asking an attorney how to make sure that people don't sue you and come after you, then that's the first step to start at. I can help you get more clients. There's some people that believe that I'm a terrible coach, because I don't give legal advice. Okay, great. I don't even really have attorneys that can refer you to either, but you can do the research yourself. Seven cups.com is another great resource for free talk therapy, free counselors, free listeners. And I don't want to invalidate anybody who is like fearful of people attacking them. That's a very real thing is to is to deal with that fear. Every day. My mom dealt with that fear for years. My mom was constantly afraid of people coming after her for years. And so it really took her realizing that that is actually more replaying her childhood than anything else than any actual reality of what's going on. It's called it's called in those in the therapy, world catastrophizing. So we end up coming up with catastrophic potential scenarios. And then when we're making all of our decisions, to avoid potential catastrophes, we'll live inside of a safe comfort zone, which won't allow us to do anything. So in business, we have to actually take action that may one in 1000 times He's turned into a catastrophic scenario. But we got to take that risk. So now you could flip that me saying that, am I responsible for all of you if you get sued? I don't think so. You might find an attorney that takes this recording and argues that in your favor, and now I'm going to meet you in court, and we're going to have a legal battle. Who knows? But I'm not worried about that today. I'm not I'm not really worried concerning myself with that. I'm not going to lose sleep at night now and shut down my whole business because I think that somebody's going to take the VIP recording on December 16. And use it against me in a court. Because they're just trying to cause trouble. Might be somebody who does, that's okay. I'll I'll I'll cross that bridge when I get there.

[1133:57] Speaker 5: All right. Marcus, what's up? Okay, I'm basically done with the conversation, I appreciate your feedback, I really do. Just two quick sentences. I've been a sign language professional sign language interpreter for about 30 years. So I've been around the business, there's been interpreters have gotten sued in medical, because they they actually signed the wrong dose to the patient, surfers to get sued in law, because when they're interpreting someone in court, they actually sign that the person did something wrong or whatever, and the person went to jail, in front of the judge. So it is a real, you know, threat, even if you're teaching language. So I'm just saying we're just me teaching just regular sign language is not not like law, or not like medical. But you know, I just want it to be on the safe side, since I have personally known those who have gotten sued through sign language. That's all it wasn't. I would

[1153:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: talk to them and see what they wish they had done in the first place. And they could give you some advice on that.

[1154:58] Speaker 5: Okay. Yeah, for sure. Thank you so much. Yep.

[1156:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you know, people that have personally got sued for those types of things, then sure. I mean, that's I again, I think I said that right at the beginning, I I'm not qualified to answer that question fully for you. But an attorney is maybe somebody who's walked through that specifically. Okay. So hopefully, that Okay, thank you. Yeah. Awesome. And listen, you're, you're, you're doing like, I love the questions that you bring to the table. They're definitely always challenging. Marcus, don't hesitate to ask any questions that you have. I think, there, there comes a point where you're gonna, we got to get you putting yourself out there and get more clients. You've been doing it for so long. Let's start making six figures with some offers to help people and maybe if the legal signing realm is that dangerous and scary? Maybe we look at another niche that's less scary for you. Because really, if you're marketing from a place of fear that comes across when you're trying to sell, and that affects your ability to sell as well. It might be the best thing for you. I don't know.

[1177:57] Speaker 5: All right. Okay, thank you. Yep.

[1179:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else have any other any other questions?

[1181:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Any other questions about your your offer your coaching program, about the accelerator?

[1184:21] Speaker 7: Want to add that? This has given me more courage in the short time that we've worked with, from like, the last two years that I've been trying to research this type of business? Yeah. Like I'm closer to take. I think that there's like, yeah, we're all scared. And yeah, it's hard to take action. And yeah, we don't know what's gonna happen. But the whole point of this group for me is the fact that I've never felt as much courage and actionability after like, a long time of trying to make this work and not try to implement and so that that's the whole point. It's like there. It's an amazing group of people, but it's also the way you lead. That's how I want to lead as a coach as well. Awesome.

[1195:44] Speaker 0: Love that. What's up Michelle?

[1196:34] Speaker 3: Tell me your call on Monday. What time is it?

[1197:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is 11am Central time. Okay, 11am Central time, so yes, we do. 11am Seven troll. We're doing the fast start call at 7pm Eastern six Central on you'll get you'll get this all gets sent to you and emails too, by the way. Okay, cool join the program. Yes more gamer shirts, less collared shirts. I love that Dorn, yes, I'm more comfortable in that today, I don't know, I put this one on, I just I had gotten to a, I have a mindset I've been in when I do five day events, and like the first hour like, Screw it, I don't care. And then I'm like, I'm back in the mindset. So I was like, if I'm gonna sell well, I'm gonna wear this. Yeah, you'll get emails for like when the different sessions are. So yes, we got a bonus q&a Tomorrow, like anybody's invited to I'm going to send it to my whole entire email list. So we might have have like a ton of people who haven't even been on the five day call. That'll jump into that. What I like to do with that is it's a chance for people that have been following me for a while to ask me questions. So I try to do that like once a month with these bonus calls. Because I get to really see like, deeper, what people are saying, I usually stream on my feed. So that'll be tomorrow night. And then we'll do the Monday will be the actual client growth accelerator call, we do those each Monday, we do while once a month we do a copywriting rewrite call, we found that once a month actually works pretty well. Because you also can post your offers in the group for copy analysis throughout the month. And I come back at least once a week and give you my my thoughts on it. So you don't have to wait for the copywriting call, you can actually post it in the group. And then we have the copywriting call or we do that live we go over Jasper, we do all that we got the fast start call as well on Wednesday. So that'll help everybody who's new to join. It's a it's a private Facebook group. It's like it's in a private Facebook group, just for all the members that are in there. And everybody's just sharing what they're going through. Really, it's a place to be vulnerable. To help encourage everybody else, you'll see just how vulnerable everybody is in there. It's pretty. It's pretty incredible, really, like I'm amazed at some of the stuff that people share. And it also like really touches my heart that people feel like it's it really is like it's like a safe space to share. Because everybody who's in there is going through a lot of the same stuff. Right Lila like a lot of the people in there, that you're going through all the same stuff that everybody else is. And so we're all able to grow together with that, and then the content grows from there. So all right, everybody, I'm gonna I'm gonna log off here. I'll see some of you tomorrow. See some of you in the plant growth accelerator. And if I don't, if this is the last time I see you, be sure to listen to podcasts plugged into the YouTube comment on my social media. Let's like let's just get to know each other even through social media that way, you'll get value from that hop on, you know when I next year after the baby's born, I'll be doing some more live webinars hopped on one of those I'm not going to stop doing virtual events just because I got a baby. So we'll be keep doing those. So all right, everybody. Have a good one. We'll talk soon

