Coaching - Lesson 5
Date: 2022-03-02T00:28:04.000Z
Duration: 19 min
Otter ID: 0tW9D8vewIoPbULRo0i5PBUQJZ0
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, coaches and future coaches. Listen, I took a week and a half off of recording, because I felt so strongly that I had to record this lesson, I had mapped out this course. And then as I was recording the last lesson, I said, Whoa, I need to record this lesson right here. And if I don't, it's going to make this course, worthless to people. And so I'm actually going to give you something, I had to do some research almost a week and a half, to make sure that I had the right words and the right language to share, I had the thoughts in my head. And this, this is a little bit of my research. skill that I use is if I know what I want to share with people, but I don't quite have the words, I go listen to other experts on that topic. And then I start to formulate the words for my thoughts. Now, I'm not copying what they said. But I'm formulating the words based off of how they describe the information. And so that's what I'm gonna share with you here. And this is about leadership development. And this is specifically the words that I found this past week, were about power dynamics, and how to lead people and making sure that you operate understanding how these things go. Now, here's a warning. When you're coaching somebody, you're in a position of power, you're in a position of authority, when you start out, but even before you're a coach, you need to start to think as if you're a leader, and you need to start seeing yourself as a leader, because you're not going to be able to effectively coach people, if you don't come at it from a leadership perspective, okay. And the best leaders they serve, they serve those that they lead, they're not there to just parrot ideas, and tell people what to do and force their ideas down people's throats. Okay. But understanding and learning about those things is important, as well as learning the language that influences people learning about body language, learning about how you communicate, learning about how you're perceived by those that you coach. Now, yes, what other people think about us is none of their business. But there is a responsibility that I think that is so important for coaches, that even though what other people think about us, it's none of our business. As a coach, you are responsible for how others understand you. Because if they're not understanding you, it's your job to make sure that they understand you better or that you seek to understand more that you don't understand right now by asking questions. And this is where I think a lot of coaches miss it and fail, is they're not willing to do that work, they're not willing to dive deeper, and maybe humbled themselves to say, I don't know everything. And I need to learn new stuff about my client. And I need to ask new questions, as well. You need to learn people skills and influence skills and the ability of how the words that you say, affect other people. Have you ever been affected by a leader who said something to you, maybe somebody was harsh or mean or rude to you, or they ignored you, or they they were, they were not connecting with you or they said something that really rubbed you the wrong way, and you thought about it for 10 weeks. As a coach, it's important to be aware of the words that come out of your mouth, both for good and bad. And the other side of it is is this is the last part is how do you hold people accountable effectively? How do you call people up to a higher level? How do you get those that you coach to actually take action on what you're coaching? Okay. And so these are kind of the three elements that I want to talk about is influence the power dynamics, and making sure that people actually are accountable and do what you what you ask them to do and what you've agreed to do. Okay, and so as a coach, you have to realize people are coming to you for a transformation. When you're selling when you're creating an offer. You're selling the vacation, you're selling the result. So how do you make sure that you get people to that result? By understanding this stuff right here. So the words that you say they influence people, at different levels in the brain. When you speak words, when I speak words, it enters into our ears. And it's affected based off of how other people understand those words. And so it's also really good when you ask questions, you can get a sense of the vocabulary of your client. You can ask them to define certain words that they're using that maybe you are defining differently. You know, you might say, well, words only have one definition. That's not the case. You were talking to somebody. When coaching you're going to realize this. Have you ever talked to somebody where you thought you were saying this? Same thing,

[80:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: and they just don't get it. Because the definition of those words is usually different for both of you. And when you dive into that, realize that most of the time, you're actually saying the same thing. But you're defining words differently. I think it's a huge area where a lot of people struggle, even in politics, when we're not defining certain words fully. And we're just assuming what we mean by something. And so making sure that you understand how somebody defines the words and understands the words that you say, is very important. Now, when it comes to you been in a position of authority, and you're coaching somebody and you're sharing your opinions, and you're helping raise them up to a higher level, they're going to look up to you, they're going to listen to the words that you say, and it's going to affect what they do. So you have to take that position, not lightly. You also need to make sure that you don't act like somebody who's embarrassed by that. This is a mistake that I made years back, as I didn't want to be in that position where people saw me that way. And so I would shrink back. And then wonder why people wouldn't get a result, people want to be told what to do. They want to be led by you, when they show up in a coaching instance, when you're coaching people in a coaching environment, they want you to tell them what to do. Now, on the flip side of that, as a coach, your job isn't to just parrot and tell people what to do. Unless you're an expert in a certain area, you can share your opinion in those areas. Okay. That's what courses are for. That's what books are for, you can share opinions and advice in places that are like pre recorded in the one on one and coaching setting. It's all about helping them discover the answer for themselves. Because here's the thing, if you tell them what to do, then you are now responsible for the result of that. And they will hold you responsible for it when it doesn't work. But when it's an idea that they come up with, they learn critical thinking skills, and they learn how to process things. And as a coach, you do a disservice to your clients just by sharing your opinions to other people all the time. You actually doing more harm than good. You might think that you're doing good by doing that, but you're not. And that's why as a coach, it's not about proving that you're right. It's not about your personal agenda, it's not about validating yourself at all, you got to rip those things out of your brain, to be effective as a coach to be effective as a leader. And step up to a higher level to operate. Now, you want to build trust with people and you want to make sure that those that you're coaching, do trust you if they don't, you're wasting your time, you can't actually coach somebody who doesn't trust you. They're just there to validate themselves. And I've experienced some of those instances, I've experienced instances where they didn't trust me. And it was very frustrating. And I was assuming that they did. And so making sure that you're establishing that they trust what you're saying. And they trust your advice is important in this. Now, the next side of this is how do we influence people, the tone that we use, the cadence that we use affects people, you can say something in a heightened tone, like, Hey, I'm so excited to see your Hey, I'm so excited to see you. See, like like that comes across differently. There's, there's unspoken nonverbal cues, in tone. And in the coaching environment, you have to be aware of those, you have to be aware of the tone of what you're saying people interpret tone. Importantly, we're humans. So the words that you say, and this is why books are very interesting. There's no tone, they will get to inflect their own tone. Have you ever noticed you had a misunderstanding over text message, because you assumed the tone of voice of the person on the other side of the text message. You're actually just parroting what you would say to yourself, if that was you on the other side of that. But that's a story for another time. Tone of voice is so important when you're coaching because it helps bring your points across. If you lean in and talk a little bit quieter. It comes across like you have a top secret thing to share with them that maybe you shouldn't tell everybody. And so this all affects and influences the way that people think about what you're saying. There's a book on this topic called influence that I think could really help you learn about some of these ways to operate. It's called the influence book. The Psychology of persuasion

[158:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: and influence book is it's it's neither good nor bad. It could be used for good or bad Ultimately, as a leader, it's your responsibility to make sure that you don't use these tools to harm anybody. Could they be used to harm people? Absolutely, they definitely could. But it doesn't make them intrinsically bad. And so Influence The Psychology of Persuasion right here is a book, where it walks you through, it's a classic book, that gives you some of the words to say how you lean in and different ways that you can persuade people based off of what you say. And it's extremely valuable, especially for coaching and sales, it's one of the best business books of all time. So check this book out as well, just to become a better coach. The other one, too, is the 48 Laws of Power. Now, this book is very interesting, this book, I would say, you use this wisely, really, this is more certain things that you want to make sure to avoid doing. To be aware of that you don't do. And what you'll notice is these are ways that people often use to manipulate people to get people to do what they want. Okay. And so I'm not a fan of manipulation. However, I avoided reading this book for a while, because I was like, I don't want to learn about manipulation. But then I actually learned how to operate in a much better way by learning how others manipulate others, because that's what people assume that you're going to do. And so by learning about the 48 Laws of Power, you're able to understand power dynamics, and different ways that people communicate and, and operate. And so this is a book that again, proceed with caution, I would say it could be a very triggering book, because you're going to notice as well, ways that this has been used on you, to, to to manipulate you. Not everything in the book is manipulative, one that I really love. I mean, Law number one was incredible, really, and you couldn't even look up a YouTube video just to kind of go through the 48 Laws of Power. I think it's a great book, though, for coaches to read people to read understand about the 48 Laws of Power. Okay. Why you should not read? Yeah, exactly. book summary. Listen, there's there's pros and cons about this book. But it's kind of like the The Art of War type of a book. And so you can watch through a video that kind of breaks down the different points in it. Number one, I thought was really good, though. Never outshine the master. And what that is, is, you know, you don't want to do don't you want others to feel more superior than you, you don't want to prove yourself as more superior. I think that that's just a great way to prove things, to do things to live life. Number three, you know, conceal your intentions. I don't agree with that. I think letting your intentions be known are are good. So yes, it's a good book, proceed with caution. I don't endorse like you doing everything in this. It's more of a political book, but it's gonna help you understand how other people are used to things. Listen, when you're coaching people as well, you may be coaching somebody that understands power dynamics more than you and then they end up taking control of the conversation. And so you want to understand where they're coming from. From an informational perspective, reading Robert Greene's book I think is is helpful for some people. Okay. So again, both of these books proceed with caution. I think if you use them and learn them and learn about them, yes. Could you use them for bad? Absolutely, you could use them to harm people. But you can also use them to understand people better and to do good as well. Okay. Now, the last thing that I want to share is about, you know, the words that you say how do you hold people accountable. And accountability is very important. There's another book called Crucial accountability.

[220:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Crucial accountability is is in line with Crucial Conversations to where it's, it's how you hold people accountable. It's tools for resolving violated expectations. So as a coach, you expect people to follow through with what they say when they don't listen, that's a broken commitment. That's bad behavior that you have to now hold people accountable for how do you do that in an effective way to make sure that people are taking action on what they say or realizing maybe they weren't being honest with you. And discovering that as a coach. Crucial accountability is another absolutely incredible book that I highly recommend that you read, I love crucial conversations and crucial accountability. I've read these multiple times. They are great books. You know, by reading these books, you're going to learn some of the top skill sets, you're going to become a master communicator, with a lot of people, you're going to learn how to lead people how to coach better, just by being a better leader and communicating as well as the leadership books that we shared above. Okay. And so understanding that when you coach somebody, how do you help them get the result? Well, they have to do the work but you're not the one doing the work for them and you can't hold a gun to their head to make them do the work. At least Please don't. That's illegal. But accountability helps with that you can't be there with them all the time. And you can only go based off of what their desires are. And if they're actually being honest with you, if somebody you're coaching isn't honest with you, I would drop them as a coaching client. If you're dealing with a toxic person, maybe somebody who's a narcissist, that's using the coaching to validate themselves, and it's very protecting themselves, they're not being truthful, drop them as a coaching client, because you're not going to be able to help them. They're just playing a game with you, and paying you for it. And it's gonna be very frustrating for you, you can find people that actually want to change that actually want to take action. And when you learn how to hold people accountable, that really helps with that a big way of accountability is, you know, before we meet next, I need you to do this. They didn't I say, Okay, well, why didn't you do that? You might not like the feeling of that when somebody's like, Well, why didn't you do that? I didn't either. But as a coach, you're gonna have to rub people a little bit the wrong way sometimes. And ask the hard questions. They're agreeing to pay you to ask the hard questions. So if you don't, you're actually doing them a disservice as a coach. Don't manipulate people don't like be abusive, please, as a coach, I would ask you to not do that. Don't be bullying people. That's not accountability. Those are cheap tactics, that ineffective leaders try to use, the books that I've shared with you are very much against those type of tactics. When you learn how to communicate with people how to hold people accountable, you can help. And then you can feel more confident in your marketing, that you can actually bring a transformation to somebody. My confidence has gone through the roof, as a coach, and what I can help people do when I learned how to hold people accountable, how to make sure that I'm operating as a leader, seeing myself as a leader, speaking as a leader, and learning how to influence communicate, and effectively persuade people to take action on their commitments. Okay. And so that's what I really felt was so important to share with you. In this this lesson, I think is going to revolutionize without this lesson, I think this discourse would be hindered. Overall, in in its effectiveness. And so, there's another book as well. It's more of a sales book. And again, if you're wanting to sell I recommend this to all my people for for selling and for reaching their goals as salespeople for getting more coaching clients. But it's an incredible book, as well as learning about influence and how the inflection of your words and the tone affects people is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. Okay, so I highly recommend that book. I just listened to it this week. It's incredible. I've listened to it multiple times, let the lesson sink into your head. Because really, when you're coaching somebody, you're persuading and influencing them to take action on what you guys have talked about. So you're selling them on they're not giving you money, but they're they're taking an action. So you actually have to sell people on taking action. So even the books like never split the difference and the way of the wolf are so important throughout the coaching process to continue to sell and persuade people to actually do what you talking about and what they're committing to. Alright, we'll talk soon everybody on the next lessons. Have a good one.

