Sales letter
Date: 2022-11-24T01:03:41.000Z
Duration: 12 min
Otter ID: LGHJ4id1aWfqGxgp271rACW2ydo
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're a coach or course grader who wants to grow your own business making 20 to $40,000 per month without any slimy sales tactics, even if nobody knows who you are. And even if you don't have a lot of money to start with this 495 bundle is what you've been praying for. This past month, I made over $160,000. In my own coaching business, when just a year ago, I was struggling to break past even $1,000 per month in sales.

[18:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: How did we increase our income to a multiple six and then multiple seven figure level with the five step system that I developed that has helped myself and my clients make multiple, seven and eight figures. It can be frustrating when you're just starting out, to try to learn all the things that actually work. In your coaching or online course business. You read all the books, you watch all the trainings, you stay up late, watching YouTube videos. But there's something missing. After working with 1000s of clients, we've identified the number one thing that's missing is simplicity. In a world filled with complexity, doing the simple things, is what works. Let me show you how to build one simple offer. To sell one program that will make you six figures. In the next 30 days, the secret sauce isn't in having the best product or the best program or the best coaching or the best course. In fact, you don't even need to be an expert to make six and seven figures. With this model. The secret sauce behind the system has to do with the right messaging, and sales copywriting that attracts ready to buy clients who are begging you to join your programs. Instead of having to convince anybody that they should work with you. We don't even do sales calls. We don't hop on the phone with clients. Our automated system sells everything for us. This is by far the simplest and easiest proven path to seven figure riches in the coaching and online course space that exists today. And dare I say is the best framework in the entire world. For any coach or course creator. That's just starting out. Why are we giving this system away if it's so valuable? I'm gonna shoot straight with you. This is part of my funnel. This is how I get clients. We create offers where people sign up for trainings and a small percentage of them eventually become our clients. And that's the same thing that you can do as well. For just $4.95 you can audit an entire multi million dollar funnel as a purchasing customer, not just a freebie seeker and see what's under the hood

[74:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: of a system that's working today as of November 24 2022. This is not outdated. This is not on trial. Many of our clients have made multiple eight figures in the last 12 months. You using this exact framework. And it's simple enough for people who are just starting out as well. You don't have to be tech savvy.

[84:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't even have to be a super charismatic salesperson. With the right automation in place, everything happens on autopilot. The entire system is powered by a supercomputer AI. Behind the Scenes our system is utilizing one of the fastest and most powerful supercomputer, artificial intelligence is on the planet. To write our messaging, we use jasper.ai. To create all of the sales copy and all of the messaging for us. You can get a free trial of jasper.ai here. Separately from this, in this training, I will walk you through how we are using jasper.ai to generate eight figures with coaching an online course creators

[108:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: does the system cost money? Absolutely. You'll need to spend about $200 on software platforms to be able to do everything that is taught in this system. And you'll have to spend about three to $500 per month in paid advertising across Facebook, Instagram, and Tiktok.

[117:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's about it. As far as expenses go to get you off the ground. Most people can put that on their credit card and get started in as little as seven days seeing results. I've been in this industry 19 years. I've seen its ups and downs.

[126:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've seen what works and I've seen what doesn't. I've worked with some of the world's most favorite mentors. And now I'm bringing to you all of the insider secrets of what has made them millionaires for just 495. This bundle is absolutely crazy. My team asked me if I knew how ridiculous it sounded. And if I was worried that I was giving away too much information. I told them quite possibly, but that I wanted to be reckless and generous this season because there's many people that need to increase their income with the upcoming recession. If you're somebody that's seeing the writing on the wall and knows that you need to increase your income the next one to two years because of what's happening in the economy, this 495 may be the single greatest investment that you've ever made in your entire life. I believe in it so much that I'm willing to give you a lifetime money back guarantee on this bundle for the lifetime that my company is in business if for any reason you are not satisfied with this bundle, we will give you your 495 back without questions asked

[161:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're ready to start changing your financial situation, as a coach and as a course creator, to creating the kind of profits that you only dream of

[167:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you're standing in the shower strategizing the next three moves in your business

[171:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to accelerate time for you and save you years off your learning curve by giving you access to all of my mistakes, all of my failures and all of my successes so that you have absolute certainty on the effectiveness of the moves that you will be making in your business during the next 90 days there's no better time to market a coaching or online course business than the holiday season going into the new year. This is the greatest opportunity for profit in our entire industry where you can make three to five times more during these three months than any other time of the year. If you've been thinking about creating and launching an online course or coaching business, it's time to turn your thinking into action and purchase this bundle now.

