Create & Launch Your Coaching Business To 6 Figures
Date: 2022-10-18T01:43:53.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: q0HRutQFCCL88u9e8rjr6Mcflw8
---

[2:15] Speaker 0: All right. All right. Let's do this.

[4:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we are in the VIP room what is up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to the VIP. Welcome everybody. Listen, even with technical difficulties, we made it we made it through. Amazing, amazing. Listen, if you got questions, be sure to ask your questions on here. Raise your hand if you got questions to ask. Raise your hand and I'll be taking everybody's questions here today. This is This is fun. This is a great day one I really I'm really

[16:38] Speaker 0: really excited for this

[18:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: so anybody who has a question, raise your hand and ask

[21:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: was that good? Everybody? Was that exciting? Was that fun?

[24:01] Speaker 0: Awesome.

[26:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Mayor, Marion, dia,

[26:46] Speaker 2: Marianne dia.

[28:04] Speaker 3: Now let's pronounce Miranda, Miranda.

[28:50] Speaker 4: All right. I'm so sorry.

[29:36] Speaker 3: That's okay. It's my my dad had an extra vows and I just have to deal with it. Yeah, that's okay. No, I really just wanted to state mix. Like one of the things for the longest time I was frozen, because I really can't identify what I knew. And I felt like I have to be able to create something new, something I already knew, you know, I have this solution. And that was where I was stuck for the longest time, you know, what is the solution? What is the problem? What can help solve? So your content is really kind of liberating me, it's like, you don't have to know just get out there. It's just like, I want to help women. And so just like Josh mentioned, the other day about the scam is, hey, I just want to pray for women that might be struggling with this, you know, and I just want to thank you for that. Because it's like, I can do that. This is awesome. I love talking to people go talk and let them tell me what they want to know. So thank you very much.

[42:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. No, I mean, there is a way to systematize that where you got to build an offer out and do that. And we're gonna go over that during these five days, we're gonna go over how do you build that offer that attracts people, because if you're just putting something general out there, I just want to help women, you're not gonna make any money, you're not gonna get away from you if you just do that. So you got to get specific on something. But you don't have to, like, you can start with what you want to do. And you'll get more specific by working with people. And I'm going to show you the methodology of how we come up with that later this week, all right. Anybody else have any other questions? Anybody else have any other questions?

[54:28] Speaker 0: I jammer, yes.

[55:22] Speaker 5: Yeah, man, it's not a question. It's just a salute to you for the boldness, to be able to say those things to us. Thank you.

[57:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, here's the thing. If I didn't say them, I would be lying to you. And I would be, I would be worried about you liking me too much. And unfortunately, that's how I used to be when I was coaching. And it didn't help anybody else I used to be really afraid of, of you know, what? nasty letters people write me people. I get messages all the time from people. And I'm now I'm just like, You know what, I'm just going to be more bold about it. I'm going to be more out there. I'm going to be more who I know that God's called me to be because otherwise, if I'm trying to coddle and worry about what everybody else thinks I'm not helping

[67:21] Speaker 0: anybody, you know.

[68:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there you go. All right. Anybody else have any other questions? Any other questions today? Here in the VIP, there's no silly questions. And here's the thing, here's what you can use this for is, is like a coaching time. When I do my coaching program, I use this time for people to q&a time. We're okay. We take what's taught and then it's like, what are we feeling? What are we dealing with? What are the thoughts? What are the excuses that we have? What are the reasons that we're stuck? What are the what are the things that that we're processing in our brain that's like, Okay, this is keeping me from moving forward to the next level. Well, we can get real about that and we become unafraid of putting ourselves out there asking questions, and we're not afraid of luck. Stupid, we're not afraid of being judged by other people, we can start to get the help that we need to be able to grow and to build our business and to create the kind of money that we want to make.

[83:52] Speaker 2: I have a quick question. Oh, Chad, what's up? Um, so I missed that part of the tool. I have two questions. I missed part of the broadcast. And is it? Can I catch it again? Do you know where is it on your website,

[87:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm with you being in the VIP, you get the recordings, they will be in the members area. But if you go into the Facebook group, there's a link to a YouTube video that will be up on YouTube. Until next week, all of the sessions will be the broadcast on Facebook stopped working. It said on any platform, I couldn't go live on anything on and I tried my cell phone. I tried my wife's computer, I tried a different profile. I tried all that wouldn't go live. So for some reason, Facebook wasn't allowing live video today. So we had to go over on YouTube, but the link is over in the Facebook group. If you go into the group, it's in there. And that's a YouTube link that you can click on to watch it from start to finish.

[99:16] Speaker 2: Okay. Second question is I actually hired another coach before this. And she was kind of saying that and I kind of opted out of the program because I wasn't feeling right about it. But she was saying like, for coaches, they have to fit into three of the main asks, right, so it's either relationships, financial, or, or health. Right. And I felt so I have a podcast too. And it's called The Art of great and more folk, it was supposed to be like, centered around the underdog, right? And so she was kind of pushing me into relationships. So I started becoming a dating coach kind of thing, but I was feeling uncomfortable with that. And I wanted more kind of coach like the underdog, right? The person that wants perfect, I'm just not sure how to like, because I believe I think it was on yesterday or Sunday you're on and I said, you know, life coaching, you're like Be more specific. And I know you mean by that, but I'm trying to formulate like what coaching the underdog actually looks like, you know, you know what I mean to come over here.

[120:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's a question for you with that. So the underdog what can't the underdog do? What does everybody say about them? And here's the thing, being the underdog, I think the underdog has a lot of confidence? Or are we talking to people that don't believe in themselves or people that do believe in themselves, but they aren't doing anything yet? Those are the those are kind of the questions that you want to ask, you want to really get into the mind of who you want to help and what motivates them. Okay, that's the biggest thing is getting into the mind of who you want to help and what motivates them, and then learning to give them what they want. Not what you want for them, not what you think is going to help them. What do they want? Okay. And that's a very important distinction is figuring out what do people want in the type of coaching? So for you, I'm, again, coaching the underdog. Life Coaching, what does that look like? Do you consider yourself an underdog?

[136:15] Speaker 2: Well, yeah, so and that's the thing. That's kind of my story. So it's like, how do I or somebody that's been through a setback, and they're kind of starting over? Or they want to, or they want to? You're right, so that question is, do they believe in themselves? And I'm, I'm thinking that's more of the person that I am geared towards.

[142:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of them a setback that can be related to Brene Brown has a book called Rising Strong about grieving from setbacks, and processing through those and so like, one of the biggest strategies that I use for people is look at who else is out there that's helping people with those same problems.

[147:37] Speaker 2: Yeah, when I when I mean setback, I mean, whether it's, you know, divorce, or they wanted, they lost a job, or they want to accomplish something or a goal in their life, whether it's career related or whatnot. So, is that too broad? Do you think?

[152:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it might be a little bit too broad because like you just said, you said setbacks, but then you got more specific about it. And so there's an exercise of you getting more specific about what you're actually helping people with, that's going to be helped that's going to help you really hone in on how you want to help people again, I don't know if relationships will be that. I think it's definitely would be like more self confidence, more the ability to go after whatever they want. Learning how to how to To not let their situations define them. But what you're gonna find is is this as you're going to start with that, you're going to start with that idea. I think that that's a great, I like niche that you could start with. Yeah. As you start to work with people, you're going to find what do those specific people specifically in their lives? What is the pattern of their life goals that they have the people that you're attracting? what pattern do they all have in common? So for my business, the people that I help the most, the pattern that they have is they are coaches and course creators that want to make a lot of money. Here's the thing, I have a lot of coaches and course creators that come to me. And they say, Well, I just want to impact people, I don't want to make any money, here's the thing, they never buy a thing from me. So I stopped serving those people, I stopped even trying to convince those people that they should change their mind, great, go not make money with somebody else. Because I'm because my system is not going to help you, my system is going to make you way too much money, and then you're going to feel guilty about it. And so like I I, I used to want to help everybody that was out there. When I started six months ago, when I started doing virtual events, I was helping people create their own coaching business and do all this. But my language was geared towards a lot of people that were doing old school type of coaching. They weren't using the internet, they weren't using social media, they wanted to use meetup groups they wanted to use, like coffee dates and Chamber of Commerce meetings to grow their coaching business. And so I realized, okay, 50% of who I'm attracting, for whatever reason, they seem to think that I'm going to show them how to do that. And I don't show anybody that. And so I so I've made sure that it's very obvious now that my methodology uses advertising, social media, the internet marketing, to get clients. And as well, I'm starting to practice what I'm preaching about not being afraid of everybody liking you, the more that I do that, the better that my clients are getting results, the more that I speak, speak openly about things, the better results, I'm able to get people, if I'm going to sit here for in a group coaching setting with you for an hour with 10 people, and I'm beating around the bush around the issue because I'm afraid of offending you. I'm wasting 20 other people's time. So when we can when we can learn to to be direct, when we can learn to figure out okay, what is the like the pattern, you want to get into pattern recognition of the people that I can serve. And if you're not, if you don't have people that you're coaching right now, you need to get some, you need to actually get some people in front of you that you can work with, to hear what those different goals and those patterns are. And then you make a note of those things. And then you start to craft your offers around those issues around what those people want specifically. Okay. Awesome. And that's literally what we're gonna be talking about for these five days, which is so cool. Oh, joy Manning.

[212:03] Speaker 0: Hi. Hi, I'm, so

[213:21] Speaker 6: I've talked to you before, and I've had an issue with trying to figure out what my niche was, and I was able to, I went to Joshua's program, and I think my niche was purpose. And part of my issue then was how do I quantify an offer? How do you make an offer for purpose and that was what I struggled with, for the most for the longest part. But in my process of trying to figure that out and going to some of the websites and Jasper and the other websites who gave the answer the question or whatever. I realized that a friend of mine brought up that I've been trading in the forex market for five years. And she mentioned why am I not teaching people the basics of reading forex charts, reading just the basics. So my question to you is, am I overthinking if I now in the middle of considering in the middle of creating a program on purpose, and now I'm thinking about switching to trading? And I have, you know, that's my niche. Am I overthinking is that

[232:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have experience in that and the trading right? Yes, I've

[233:23] Speaker 6: been trading for five years. I'm not I don't do it for a living but I trade. Yeah, I've been trading consistently for five years.

[235:26] Speaker 0: Cool.

[236:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll say I'll say that that that because my mom teaches stocks. It is a harder and it is a hard one to get clients in a really all the coaching businesses are kind of difficult to get clients in but if you like feel like that's the thing that you want to do then then go after that the truth. The truth is you can make money in both of those. Here's a question I want to ask you is, what if you do one of them? And guess what? It doesn't make money? What does that mean about you personally, as a person? What do you believe about what it means if you chose the wrong niche and built it out? And it didn't work out for you? What do you believe that that means about you?

[247:26] Speaker 6: Or what I said before, I would have been afraid, and I wouldn't have even that would have made me just kind of like, I'm not cut out for this. But having listened to you now for the last couple of months, and and now I know that, okay, go back to the drawing board and figure it out. So that's why

[252:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think purpose is pretty general, I think it dive into an opportunity for people to learn how to take control of their finances, that can be easier for you to sell definitely, and build an offer around since you already have experience in that. And you might be able to combine the two is, is do you have a purpose to generate finances to do XYZ? And you build something around both?

[259:06] Speaker 0: Oh, that's good.

[260:19] Speaker 6: That's good. i That's that's actually that, that actually makes a lot of sense. Because I My passion is purpose. But I have a problem with trying to figure out how am I charging people $1,000 To find purpose, where they're not going to find purpose in eight weeks and six weeks. And that was part of my issue that I struggled with, you know, I you know, but I've been I've gotten better. But then with the trading, I felt like, oh, I can charge a lot, because there's so many stages to trading and learning and things like that. But merging the two makes a lot of sense. So

[269:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: all of that's very helpful. All right. I'm in enum enum for, you know, often, you know,

[271:59] Speaker 5: yeah. Hi, hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everyone.

[273:27] Speaker 4: I,

[273:57] Speaker 5: I have, I'll put it this way. I'm a nurse by profession. And I am also one that works with women. So, you know, you're talking to joy Manning, and I sort of, you know, got an idea of putting the two together. Now, at the moment, we have a crisis in the UK, where nurses have been underpaid. And this, they are planning on strikes, strikes, and one of the intrapreneurial, you know, designs I've had is to help them create causes that would help them build their income. Now, that is not necessarily the area I would have loved to be because it's come up as a problem. I thought, How do I meet that need, with my system, my system is to help women create wealth, you know, to fulfill their purpose, you know, on fulfill the calling. So now using the book, starting from their books, so they can monetize from their books. So now I'm in between, in between in between acts, how do I meet this area that has come up, which is very huge? And how do I you know, not go off with the other one, if that makes sense.

[300:12] Speaker 0: Um,

[300:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: during the next five days, we're going to be going over how to create your offer and how you attract people. And and the system of getting people on your email list and then closing them as as a client and as a customer. What's What's your specific question that you have right now?

[305:29] Speaker 5: My specific question is, how do I help? Now? The cause that for the nurses was monetize your knowledge? Okay, so how do I help them monetize their knowledge, but at the same time, don't leave the area that I have been, that I'm working on at the moment, which is to help people package that or create impact through the book?

[313:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Probably their book, what is their? What does that mean? What's their book?

[314:51] Speaker 5: So their book is what? You know, the book that they have written? They've written a book. Yeah, so it's writing, and then publishing and launch

[318:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: the number of people write and publish books.

[318:36] Speaker 5: Sorry, yes. Yep. Awesome. So I, that's the area that I have started starting with to help people, right, because I've written a couple of books. So help them write, publish, and then launch their books. So that's the area, but like I've said, I've just had this other area come on. And as a nurse, I felt, you know, obligated in a way to help these ones that are struggling with their finances, to help them monetize their knowledge, because many of them are stuck, they don't have the inflation as you know, reduce the value of the money, and therefore, they are going on strike. So I'm like, okay, these nurses need help monetizing their knowledge, how do I at this stage? Not go off my book? Or, you know, assignment, so to say? And how do I help them to monetize their knowledge can this be

[335:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think teaching about writing books and publishing and monetizing your knowledge, are one in the same topic in the same company, and they fall under the same umbrella. Because if somebody's writing a book, they're you know, unless it's a fiction book, are you helping people with fiction books only

[339:20] Speaker 5: noise nonfiction,

[339:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: then yeah, then there are, it's,

[340:25] Speaker 5: it's how to how you can, for instance, nurses, how your knowledge of how you help the patient, you know, recover from illness or surgery, you know, or pain management, or you know, any of those kinds of things. So it would, you know, they would then take their knowledge instead of depending on the government, and then monetize that knowledge. So, the system to use now is what I need to develop, but like you said, they can monetize their knowledge is the same thing as the other one that I'm also running. So I wanted to marry the two and see how I was just

[350:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: as just creating another offer, you create another another product that's that you're selling, and then you create an offer that these people sign up for. So that then you can sell them on this new idea that you have. And that's what we're gonna go over for the next couple of days. Again, it's creating, you just created another offer, everything is literally like, how do you get people to buy this thing where they monetize their knowledge? Well, how do you get them to buy you create an offer, where they give you money on that topic, and then you get people that are looking and have that problem in front of you to sell to them? And that's how you do it. Okay. Okay, okay,

[361:30] Speaker 5: I got it, I got it. So because I didn't want to have too much at a time, but then enterpreneurs see the problem. And they want to, you know, solve that problem at that time. So I get it, I can create another offer. And then do one at a time, do this one and then do another one.

[366:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, be careful that if it's a passion project for you, and you're not making enough money to pay your bills, with what you're doing that now you allow your passion project to pull you off track from making the kind of money you want to make, because you want to help people now that can be a detriment. So make sure that there is a market for what you're wanting to do and attract people that are willing to buy into what you're going to teach them just because you want to help somebody with something, if they're not a market that's going to pay you money. You know, again, go start a charity or go start a ministry, go start a nonprofit, go ask for donations for that. If you want to, if you want to actually build a six or seven figure business, it's not going to be based off of off of just Well, I want to help people. So this is what I'm going to do. It's going to be based off of who are the people who actually have money to buy, and how can I sell to them?

[379:44] Speaker 5: No, I mentioned helping in terms of serving them not because it's a passion project, or it's a charity project. No, they would pay for the service. You know, so it's not it's not it's not that kind of passion project.

[383:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Okay. Awesome. I saw a Peter Henry. He raised his hand in the chat there real quick. Let me let me take Peters question here.

[387:19] Speaker 4: Up here, there we go. Can you hear me? How are you? Yes. Oh, good. Thanks. And thanks for that session last Saturday. That was great. I enjoyed that. And, and I'll tell you a little bit about I can sympathize with what Chad was saying. Because I have a product that we call the 10 building blocks of business, and it's a way to organize your business and make sure you're not missing anything as you scale. Right. Yeah. And so, and I've been struggling, I think with the messaging, and that's where I'm trying to figure out like we've tested I spent probably 15 bucks on or maybe more on Facebook, testing, you know, kind of doing these AV tests on these little little ads that we've ad and 15 second video ads and stuff like that. Yeah, I feel like I've just been throwing money out the door. Right. So, yeah, the reality is, is it like, I'm having a hard time crafting the, the message. So components of the message that make it compelling? And what I found from doing our first cohort, we did that last, I guess it was May, there was finished by mid July. It's a it's a six week course. And, and I found that the students that were paying the big dollars, so of course, this $10,000, they were the ones that were the most responsive to help and to doing the work etc. Right. But I My question really comes back to how do you find that? You know, I know you have to do some testing. But how do you find that messaging? That's the part that I think I'm struggling with?

[416:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the big part of the messaging. So we'll use a few different tools. Again, we'll use YouTube, Amazon and answer the public to look at what's already out there serving people in a certain area. And so that's market research to see like, what is the messaging that people are using that are already out there, then you create an offer where you actually are able to get in front of people that have the problem that you solve, and you want your offer to be focused on problem and solution, not process. And that's one of the biggest things that a lot of coaches and trainers do is they lead with process. And it's hard to get people to buy into a process. But it's very easy to get them to buy into end result that they want. Especially if you have results, especially if you have case studies. If you don't, that's okay. You just have to work a little bit harder on your sales skills and really identify what are those pain points that they have one of those problems that they have. And so then usually we'll use a tool like Jasper AI to help come up with some of the copy for those offers. But the real magic happens when you get people in front of you. In a setting like this, where we're on zoom in a setting like in a Facebook group, and people are saying, Okay, I have this problem, I have this struggle. I've been trying to do this. And for some reason, I just can't figure out what's the messaging to get people to buy from me, what's the right messaging? How do we test it out without wasting a bunch of money. So literally like what you just told me right there, I could build a whole offer around right there in your messaging so that you don't waste a bunch of money testing and struggling to figure out what gets people to buy from you and your coaching. Yeah, right right away, that's an offer that's going to attract my target customer. And so for you, you reverse engineer that for you to where you're able to listen to what are people wanting? And then how do you just give them what they want? Based on the questions they ask. You create opportunities for people to actually tell you what their problems are.

[447:20] Speaker 4: Yeah, and I think that I agree with that. I think that's where we were running a little video called The Five shifts. And I think that that is probably where I lost some, you know, like, it's a 23 minute video. And it's like, I think you have to have I like the live stuff that you've been doing. Because you're actually getting to talk to people. Yep.

[453:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm basing it off of what people are saying. Versus just like what I want to share with them. In the beginning, I was I was just sharing a lot of content. Now I'm basing it off of okay, what are the things that everybody is saying that they're struggling with? And really focusing on a very small lane of information that I can help people with? Which is getting clients to their coaching business, dialing in their messaging? And then how do you actually make six figures with that the truth is, six figures isn't really scaling in this business. It's the beginning point scaling is where you go to seven figures. Yeah, yeah. Which that takes more of a team and systems to do. And, and it's less about lead gen. In the beginning stages. It's about how do you get the right leads on your email list, and then create opportunities where you can actually sell to those people create opportunities where you can actually make a pitch to those people?

[468:42] Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah. Okay, thank you.

[469:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And we'll we'll dial in even more on like, how we actually develop an offer that will make you six figures. That's what these five days are all focused on. Today was kind of like the foundational thing I thought it was funny that I actually just looked up on Facebook had an outage or like 10s of 1000s of people couldn't go live on Facebook at that exact time. There's a website called down detector.com and it shows a huge spike right as I was about to go alive from Facebook. Yep, it looks like a lot of streaming platforms are having issues. at&t Disney plus tick tock selling and ESPN are all having trouble with their live streaming videos right now. So something is happening with live streaming servers. I'm glad we were able to get on to YouTube. That's why it was more of an anomaly that it didn't work out. And truthfully, yeah, I probably have about half as many people that were watching me live than I would have expected that they were in a group. That's okay. That's totally fine. We're still gonna roll with it. You know? All right. Andrea, Andrea Sartorius.

[489:59] Speaker 0: Andrew Cormier? Yes. How are you?

[490:52] Speaker 4: I'm great to see you.

[491:31] Speaker 0: I know. It's been many years.

[492:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I message your husband ever so often with stuff for my mom? Yeah.

[493:58] Speaker 0: lately. I told him I was on here tonight. He's excited. But quick question. So today, I made the decision, I will be a coach, what would be my next step for the next 24 hours before the next training? What should I focus on? Because

[498:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think the finding your niche training will be helpful. Okay. Okay. As well, here's the thing that like, you can take a week or two and process through, like what your niche is, and kind of sit with it and see like what Joy said like I actually really liked what Joyce said. She was started with like, okay, purpose, but now she's like, wait, I have skill in this area around Forex, and I can monetize it. I think that's a great thing to kind of combine those two together like that. No, no, for you. And I'm gonna say this, because I remember you from when I worked for Danny Johnson. Did we meet back then wasn't that way back?

[507:43] Speaker 0: I didn't meet you. Then. I met you actually at one of your mom's but

[509:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but you had gone to Danny before that. Right?

[509:53] Speaker 0: Correct. And that's how I heard about your mom. Yep. And so

[510:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so I've known you for a long time. You've been around and exposed to coaching and courses for a long time. Yeah, I think internally, you know what to do to build a successful business. And I think that you could actually make six and seven figures in this industry faster than most people, because you've been immersed in it for so long. Yes. And because you've learned from some of the best coaches and trainers that are out there. As literally, if you just do what I do what my mom does, but you find your specific lane, you'll make good money doing that.

[520:17] Speaker 0: Thank you for saying that. Yeah.

[521:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's more just because I have I know some history about and Andrea. And so I'm able to kind of say that with confidence, because I, I know what you've been through, and I know that that there's more for you. Thank you. There's more for everybody else to I mean, honestly, this isn't just for Andrea, everybody else is called the more it takes taking action, that's the thing, it's literally you're at the precipice of, okay, if I take action, I'll start to see momentum. If I don't, and I keep thinking about taking action, momentum will stall. Now here's the part where it gets fun. And this is what I love for you to take advantage of for these next five days. In this VIP is especially like like, Peter, you're taking action, use this time to kind of ask me the questions of okay, is this going to work? Is that going to work? What should we do stuff like that? Those nuances are what I can help you with to help save you a bunch of testing a bunch of trial and error.

[537:38] Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah. And the other thing i If you don't mind me asking, but I haven't really been very personal. I haven't been too active on social media. And I've always been a little bit wary of it. Right. So yeah, now, now I'm kind of digging in, and I'm putting stuff up there. But I still feel like how do you grow your email lists when your social media list is like,

[544:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: you don't need a huge following. You just do create offers that people that that people want, and you figure out what do they want. And then when you run when you run ads, you get in front of those people and you run conversion ads to get people to give you their name and email address.

[549:45] Speaker 4: So it's just like landing pages and just

[550:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you're using a lamp but it's about but what strategic is the messaging that's on the landing page, right because the messaging we tested this out with my client at Rick Pino. We were trying out Christian songwriters versus worship songwriters. And and you think that it would attract more people going Christian songwriter? None of those people ended up buying from him because his his experience was in the worship songwriting lane. And a lot of those people they really were looking for something else. And so just by changing that one word on the landing page of who he was talking to to like five extra sales that month. And then we're like, okay, not just worship songwriters, but who are people that have already written songs but have struggled to get their songs out there? That's something as well, who was the one that had like the book thing? In your nonfiction? Yeah. If you find people that have already tried to get a message out or have tried to get their book out, but have struggled, those are people that have made an investment and are willing to invest more, and go into the next level for you, Peter, helping people scale. Okay, we want to get more specific as to what does that scaling look like? And what is the struggle that they're having? And really, who is that target customer that you're helping the most? And what is their sticking point that's stopping them from scaling? How much income are they making? Who is this person? And and what do they really want? Because scaling is kind of a broad topic. But let's get more specific as to even related to your methodology of scaling. That'll help you hone in on who you can serve much better by talking to this specific type of person that's looking for that type of help.

[578:40] Speaker 4: Okay, thank you.

[579:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Kathy Boone.

[580:47] Speaker 7: Good afternoon. Well, good evening, everybody. Hello, camera for a few minutes. I am well, thank you for doing this. I really do appreciate you. So I'm really more interested in course, developing course content, and selling that. I know, we've been talking a lot about Kochi. But I really want to develop course, course content and sell that digitally. So can you elaborate a little bit more on that, please.

[591:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, what I tell people to do is to sell a course and then have q&a on it. Because you can charge three times as much. And in this market, you're gonna go broke just trying to sell people on pre recorded content. Okay. What I tell people to do is that you that I map out, whenever I make a course, what is the first lesson of the course I don't map out any other lesson, only the first one. And then I press record. And I record that first lesson of the course, I don't even think about what lesson two is going to be about. I don't even think about what lesson three is going to be about. But I know what lesson one is going to be about about a specific topic. And I press record, and I start talking to the camera. And I start teaching to people and helping them. And then each lesson after that comes out of a day or two later, you'll come up with ideas for what your next lesson is. And that's that's the best way to map out a course is to just start with lesson number one, instead of trying to make it this perfect teaching or this perfect training as well. What what topic, are you going to make a course on? Do you know who you're going to help? Do you know who your target customer is? Do you know what problems they have? Have you answered those questions yet?

[611:28] Speaker 7: As of yet? Okay.

[612:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you want to identify that if you're wanting to sell courses? are, you know, are you are you just looking for a way to get rich, quick and make money without doing a lot of work.

[614:36] Speaker 7: So I want to get rich at all. I want to get rich, quickly that will happen. But I do want to be able to I want to be an educator, I want to be able to teach people really about the fact load ministry. And so the those people will be my target target audience like apostles and prophets, teachers, evangelists and pastors are just really helping them to develop into who God has called them to be in though in that arena.

[622:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. And have you How long have you been doing that for?

[624:15] Speaker 7: So this will be my first time doing this. But I have, I've been in ministry for nine years. I grew up in and around church. For the most part. My father was a pastor and my mother was unbanned.

[628:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I just start with what do you want to share, share with those people, and just record it. And then I would come up with the name of your course after you got it recorded. I would come up with how you said, I would record your first course this month, and get it done, get it recorded and get like six to eight sessions recorded. And then package that. And then what you can again offer people is you can offer them something where they can learn from you and you give them support where they can ask you questions and have q&a time. And so now that becomes your you can sell your course for more by offering support to people. People want support. People want to know that you're going to be there to guide them along the way. Nobody knows who you are,

[641:09] Speaker 7: that online coaching them in that area, that'd be my coaching aspect of it, once I saw the content,

[642:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you'll, you'll want to package the two together, okay? And sell the support and the content together. And that's going to be the best way of helping serve people and people are more likely to buy from you, when they know that you're going to be there to support them that they're not just buying into it. There's a there's enough teaching and training that's out there already. So and so after me, what sets you apart.

[650:39] Speaker 7: Cuz this is my passion. This is what I love doing. Like, I love seeing people fulfill their purpose in their destiny.

[652:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so and so you got to connect with people to be able to do that. You got to connect with people with your offers, and then sell them on something. But it's got to be economical. And so the most the best economics for that, even in the ministry world is a $997. Program. Okay? Yep. Perfect. All right. Thank you. Yep. Vanessa.

[661:17] Speaker 8: Thank you for being patient with me, somebody was helping me on how to raise your hand, because I didn't even know how to do that. Which is crazy, because I've been running zoom calls with clients for three years. So my challenge is technology. And that was a lot of the reason why I was coming. But I'm really realizing that I need to dial into, I mean, first of all, I struggle with even some of the language of the online sphere. Because I personally do come from a ministry background of 20 years now. And so when I came online, it was like, Wait, what is this mean? So I'm still kind of struggling a little bit with the differences between coaches and consultants and course creators and where I kind of fall into that, because for me, I'm personally wanting to sell the live experience itself. And so having these live events and you know, kind of like a speaking engagement, but online, would that fall under course creator, and is that falls under coaching. Okay, so that's still considered coaching, okay, because I was a little bit confused on that, because I looked at coaching as, like a one on one thing, and I have no desire really to do a lot of one on one because I've been

[681:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing one on one anyways. Yeah,

[682:17] Speaker 8: that's where I've been struggling for three years now. Yeah, no,

[683:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do group setting, hybrid courses. And coaching, that's what I teach people how to do is that you have courses that support them, and they're on their free time where they can go through where they can learn from. And then you have support that you help people with live. And you invite people into an environment where you help serve people live, and then you direct them to different teaching that you have. So when people are in my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, they have like 16 courses that they can go through in there that teach about sales copy, that teach about landing pages, he's about funnels, a teacher adds a teach all of that detail how to create a course how to start a coaching program, how to coach people better, all of that is in courses that I have. But then when I'm coaching people, they're asking questions strategically, and we're working through okay, what is stopping them from actually getting more customers today? What is stopping them from actually getting more people to buy into their business, because the truth is, you can teach and teach and teach and teach and teach. But until you provide support and accountability to people, they won't, right. And it's very hard to make any consistent money online, by just having a course that you offer people without some kind of coaching that they can also go into as well, right? You don't want to coach like you could your coaching could be $10,000. And your course can be two grand. And that's a great model right there. That's the model that we built with, with Rick Pino that created over a million dollars a month with his coaching. And so now he doesn't coach anybody unless they're at that $10,000 level with them. But he has courses that help serve on each level. Now he started he was coaching people at the $97 level initially, a big part of that is he didn't believe that his market Christians would pay more than 97 bucks. It's true. And then as soon as he stopped believing that instantly he sold he sold a quarter of a million dollars and $1,000 products. And then two months later, he sold a half a million dollars and then a million dollars in $10,000 coaching the truth is yes. There's a lot of people that won't invest that much money with you but there is a small percentage that will and that's what your best This is built off of not in you trying to force the ones that say they don't have any money and convince them that they should work with you, by you focusing on the ones that love you and want to work with you and want to spend money with you, and just ignoring the rest. And the truth is in ministry world, if you come out of a ministry world, because I've worked with a lot of ministries,

[724:59] Speaker 8: you're to help, I can tell by the way you talk, you're trying to help

[726:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: everybody. Yeah, that's a, that's a great way to bring in donations and test and to struggle, and to strive, and to keep doing stuff like that. But if you know that you want to build a business, and you want to monetize that, and you want to actually create a business, and stuff out of just the world of ministry and nonprofit, listen, there's always going to be people that are going to minister to the poor, and the people that that that can't afford to work with you. Yeah. And so now, you did that you did your season in that great, now you're feeling cold to make some money. And so we step out of that, and we don't be afraid of okay, I'm gonna leave behind all these other people. We don't make them afraid of oh, they don't have enough money to buy from me. When you craft your message and you and you assume, okay, the ones that have ears to hear, they will invest, they will buy. Yeah. When you come from that place of belief and conviction, that you're not trying to convince people that they should invest with you that you know that you have value and whether they agree with that or not. You don't care, what have more people buying from you. And then you craft your message around, okay, who are the ones that are most likely to buy from you. In the beginning of my business, I wanted to help everybody with online marketing and online sales and anything on the internet. But I found that the people that I can help the most were coaches, horse, graders, trainers, and mentors, people that have information that helped bring transformation to other people's lives, by selling coaching and courses. So that's how I niche down further. Even though I teach Facebook ads and funnels and all of that, I don't really do it anymore. I don't I don't even communicate to the to the ecommerce person or to the network marketer or to the to the to the person that, you know, I want to generate some leads for my local store, like I could help them. But none of those people really ended up buying for me and I know how to help coaches and course creators make a ton of money. So I focused on those people, because those are also the ones that have invested with me, over the last 19 years. My I see it as my first client because I wasn't employed by her was Danny Johnson. My first client was a course creator and a coach 19 years ago that hired me to help create her programs. So I've only ever really worked with in that industry for 19 years. So honestly, I would be doing a disservice both to that industry and the rest of the world to focus on anybody else. All right.

[767:17] Speaker 8: I feel that and I mean, I mean, that's where I'm at, you know, as I've spent 20 years building other people's ministry empire, helping them to get organized. And you know, I've been the one that's kind of been, you know, the lay person that was there empowering people there in the congregation to disrupt their doubt and believe that they were actually receiving. And so that's kind of the direction that I'm going in is as I came out, and I was like, Okay, I could do this for myself, you know, I've been doing this for everybody else. And so that's, that's where I'm at now. And I've been online experimenting. So I love what you said, because I'm not afraid I'm a risk taker. And I'm not afraid to experiment. My problem is, is understanding the language. And then that way, I can put it out there in a way that people understand what it is that I'm doing, because I don't like necessarily the word teacher. And I tried to kind of veer away from that. And that's kind of part of my, my branding is empowering someone else to be self informed. And so that's kind of where I'm going with it. But I just, I didn't really know how to brand and package it with the language online. Being that I'm here giving an experience, I'm not here to lead you by the hand on what to do i But I like your style. And that's why I was drawn to you see, because you're holding these events, and you're leaving space for someone to question and so in my head, I was thinking, Well, I'm more of a consultant, right? Like I'm not coming to, because I don't run programs, I don't run the same thing. Every time that I get on a live event with people. I am basically downloading whatever it is that I feel I need to share with the room. So it's a lot like attending maybe a service or something, you know, and so I guess preacher or whatever, you know, like, but I'm taking it into a business and so I'm needing that kind of like formal language labels don't

[798:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: matter.

[798:52] Speaker 8: I know I know. But I'm saying like online whenever you're presenting, I noticed that You have very specific language that you're using, and you're repeating the same thing over and over, I help people, right, you have that kind of bio statement. And I feel like I don't have that bio statement, because I am like, all over the place. Because every time I show up, it's contingent upon whoever it is that I'm hosting, and that the information is kind of funneling through. Does that make sense?

[807:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, that's what we're gonna be going over for the next four days is how to come up with that language.

[808:54] Speaker 8: That is what I need. That is what I'm meeting so I'm

[810:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna be going over is as how do you speak that language that attracts the right person, because that's the number one thing that's going to determine whether your ads work, whether your campaigns work, whether you're attracting the people that are gonna actually buy from you is speaking to the right person, in the words that resonate with them.

[814:14] Speaker 8: Right, right.

[814:35] Speaker 0: And so

[815:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll notice, as you're starting out, you can feel like, okay, there's a lot of different directions, I can go in, start there. And that's great. But then you're going to focus on Okay, who are the ones that I say? They want to, they want more from you. They want to go deeper with you. What do those people have in common that want to go deeper? That like, they're not just Okay, that was a great message. I'm off on my day, who are the ones that say, Hey, Vanessa, I want to go deeper with you? What do they have in common? And that's what you craft all of your messaging around to attract more of those people that want to go deeper with you.

[825:12] Speaker 0: Right? Okay, gotcha. I'm kind of

[826:15] Speaker 8: I'm, I'm I was dancing around like clarity, or self awareness. Those are the two kind of words that keep coming to me. But then I've also said a lot of things about being an own Guru. And like disrupter of doubt, things of that nature. So I'm just kind of toying around with a lot of concepts and ideas. But I was I love the worksheet that you sent on the first training, the one day training, and that's really helping me a lot, a lot, a lot. So I'm still kind of moving through that. So so many resources, by the way, that are amazing that you're putting out there. So thank you, Jeremiah, appreciate it,

[836:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're welcome. And I'm gonna put the PDF to the worksheet PDF worksheets in the VIP section, just the same ones that she's talking about from the finding your niche training, because I know that those are really, they were really helpful to everybody that was on that. And so if anybody's still like stuck figuring out their niche part of it, it comes from my my training from irresistible offers that sell about identifying your target customer, and the other one has 100 niches that you can choose from and go through. Where are the worksheets, they're all in the members area at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Now, Erica, you're in the client growth accelerator. And so you will find those as well in the back end and all the courses that you have access to. All right.

[848:56] Speaker 0: India? India Oh, here it is. Can

[853:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you hear me? Yes.

[853:34] Speaker 9: Okay. All right. So first, hi. Hey, I'm just really quick question, I have a couple things that I've, I'm pretty good at. But I'm gonna just add the question that I have. It's something that's been on the back burner for a little while. So I have two Facebook groups. And I guess my question is, I want to know how to revive dead Facebook groups, I have one with 3000 members, and the other one has about 2900 members so close, they're both pretty close. They're they started out as well, they are bariatric surgery groups to help people with the process and just kind of tell them how to get through it. If they have weight loss stalls and stuff like that. So it was on fire. When I first started, we had some things happen, I kind of got away from it, but the people are still there. And every now and then, you know, I kind of check in or whatever. And and this is not my forefront thing that I want to do. But it is something that I do have people so it's like well, wait a minute, what am I doing with this because I have 5000 people just kind of sitting there.

[868:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, groups, the way a group works is if people aren't engaging with it, there's not a way to revive it, because you post a million pieces of content and nobody's gonna see it because the algorithm basically treats it as dead to those people because they're not engaging with it regularly. Okay, and so you can post in there you can make maybe make a week or two sequence of some live videos and and then direct those people to join another group or another program that you have. But to revive an old group like that, especially if you haven't, there's no real trick that I know of as far as that goes. I know there might be some other people that teach tricks on how to do that. I don't teach tricks on how to do that. I teach how How to generate leads. Get people to buy into your coaching programs and courses?

[881:22] Speaker 0: Okay. All right. I

[881:39] Speaker 9: just wonder because like I said, it's been something that's been on the back burner. I was like, well, maybe I'll ask to see if there's something I can do with that. But you know, I just wanted to know. Okay, thank you.

[883:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. Chad, you had a question?

[888:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chad, did you have a question? Does anybody else have a question?

[893:26] Speaker 0: Anybody else?

[894:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chat I saw that you had raise your hand if you if you doesn't sound like your microphone isn't working or something. Otherwise, we can take your question tomorrow. This has been great, though. These have been some really, really good strategic questions from everybody. I love some of the feedback that I've gotten very great group of people. Here's the thing. Everybody who's on here. Oh, I hear you Chad.

[901:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, sorry about that. I'll keep it short. Cuz I know it's getting late. So I just kind of continue on, on what Peter said. So you were talking about Facebook, Facebook groups, and he was talking about AD getting ads out there. My My thing is this. And I know you kind of answered this, but maybe it's an another another group. But it was like the technology part of it. Do you kind of go over that in the course cuts? I mean, it's kind of for me, I'm I don't know, I'm pretty good at technology. But I kind of find it overwhelming how much where to place ads and all that, you know, how to like is a click funnels? We got to go with that, you know, is it? It's kind of overwhelming. So that's kind of where I'm getting stuck? Yeah. Yeah. So you know, there

[915:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: is a there is a training in the bonus area that shows like how to create the landing pages and how to simply do that and put that together. I go over that in my group coaching program. And I teach people a lot of that I have courses that are in there as well all about Facebook ads. In this training, here's the thing do you have an offer created yet? And is your copy fire and getting people like running to register for what you're doing? If not, that's where you start with first is coming up with your messaging for your offer? Because you can you can get really distracted trying to think of, well, what's the next step with the technology? Well, what's the next step with the ads, and you don't even have your messaging dialed in first. And so I always have people start with dialing in their messaging for that offer. And then you put it on a very simple landing page, you don't make it complicated, very simple, a graphic at the top, some texts and a forum for people to opt in and sign up, then you hook up your autoresponder through MailChimp or another autoresponder system to send people to log in to join you on a live event or in a Facebook group. From there you sell them with a link where they purchase from you. And again, in my group coaching program and the client growth accelerator, I go through all of that and how to teach that. Here's the other thing that I tell people, there are millions of free videos on YouTube about all of the individual technology things that you need to do to build your business. So if you're like, Okay, how do I set up a MailChimp form on a landing page, you'd literally type that into YouTube, and there's 1000 People that have created a video on how to do that. So YouTube is going to be your number one resource for those individual tech nuances of like, okay, how do I, how do I put a photo on a landing page? Okay, how do I copy and paste my text to the page? Okay, how do I put my, my form on there? Okay, how do I set up an automation and MailChimp YouTube videos are gonna be the number one thing that's going to help you with that. There is a video again that I gave you as a bonus training where I walk you through my simple approach and 45 minutes of building out a whole funnel and how we do it through Squarespace because it's the most cost effective way to do it Squarespace and MailChimp. Again, Click Funnels is another great platform that we like to use. Don't overcomplicate it, keep it simple, keep it very simple. They have templates inside of all of those that you can use to keep it simple and you just fill in your text and add your photos. Okay all right.

[956:19] Speaker 2: Yeah. Now one strategy what did so you mentioned this i technic was with Vanessa a little bit so know one on one, you know one on one coaching

[960:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the beginning, you can do one on one, but I would charge a lot of money for it. I wouldn't build, you're trying to build your business on one on one coaching. Because it's not scalable. You're just trading dollars for hours.

[963:37] Speaker 2: So the coach that I hired before, and I'll just tell you how she did it, she was telling us like, we should charge 25, I would say $2,500, over 90 days. Is that not feasible?

[967:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: For one on one? Yeah, that's way too cheap. Yeah, cuz you should be charging $2,500 for 90 days for a group, okay? Or $1,000. Because, because you could get, I just, I know what business models are scalable. What I want is a great way to get your feet wet. And to get better at coaching people in an environment one on one, and I like creating opportunities to do that. But it's not a sustainable business model to make six figures. I tried to do it myself, and it didn't work. Okay. And I know a lot of people as well, that that tried to do it the one on one thing, it's very, it's a lot harder to make the kind of money you want to make. Okay,

[980:11] Speaker 2: sorry, you can mute me, I can't do it here.

[981:05] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right, everybody.

[982:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: This has been great, this has been good, you're gonna get the recording, sell this, it'll be in your members area. Again, I don't upload them like overnight, instantly, they'll be within within the next week, there'll be in there, you'll have the recordings of the sessions until next Thursday. Hopefully, by this time, next week, all the recordings will be up there. Again, this is a five day thing we're going to be going through, we're going to be breaking down, you're gonna get a lot of value. From this week, if you're a course creator, if you're a coach, my goal is to give you the blueprint of what it takes a to z to start to get clients to make you six figures as fast as possible, all the other stuff that's out there that other people teach and the different ways that they teach it and all of that, because it can become distracting. They're not bad stuff, like I post every day on social media, still, I do all that, but my business doesn't grow. Because I do that. Those supplement the actual activities that grow my business, which is promoting offers that get people on my email list that then give me an opportunity to connect with people and sell them. And that's the number one thing, create offers that get people on your list. So that you have opportunities to make a sales pitch to people. A sales pitch is just you talking with another human being and telling them, Hey, this cost this much. Here's where you go buy it. That's a sales pitch, you know, and so it's very, you create opportunities for you to point somebody to something where they give you money. You're and the biggest part is you're not expecting them to go find it on their own. That's where a lot of people go wrong is they're like, Okay, I'm just gonna put all this stuff out there. And hopefully, some people will like me enough to go find my website and go buy from me. The current economy online, that doesn't work 1015 years ago, it did. 1015 years ago, that was how you brew things. Even before COVID, you could COVID changed everything because everybody came online and started their own coaching and course businesses. And so how do you stand out by actually connecting with other human beings, it goes back to our own, like literally like primal instincts of human connection. human connection is what makes you stand out in this market, where everybody's trying to find a trick or a hack. It's like, it's actually a lot simpler than we make it. And so, but by the same token, one on one coaching, like I said, it is very difficult to have consistent revenue in your business, versus the model of doing group coaching or group micro coaching, where you sell a $997 program for eight weeks, usually what we'll do is you'll create opportunities, where you do that, and you you pull people in, and once a month you tell them about your 997 program. And then you get a whole new rush of people in that buy that from the presentation with you. Once you get enough people in this, let's say you got like 100 200 people at your 997 or your $2,000 program. Then you offer a 10 or a $20,000 high ticket coaching program. Okay. But that's essentially stuck at 3000 a month working your tail off. Total. One on one. Yeah. A one on one is a grind. It really is. It's crazy. If you've never done it, it sounds exciting. I thought it was super cool. When I started doing it. I I'm eliminating one on one coaching from my own business here this next month, I'm creating one final offer to my list where I'm going to say, okay, you can get, you can get one on one coaching with me, I'm going to, I'm going to do one final offer, and then it's going away. Because I have a number of people that say they want it, but they're like, Okay, I'm not sure if I'm ready yet. So I'm going to literally get rid of it probably in the next 30 days. Then tell my email list, okay, this is the price that it's going to be after that you're not going to do one on one with me. And it's not a marketing gimmick. It's literally I I know that I can make more money with group coaching. And I've maxed out what I want to do with one on one. So I was selling one on one packages, again, 90 days, like you said, for 2000 $3,000. And it's not profitable. It's not a profitable business model at all. So

[1054:35] Speaker 0: yeah, there's only so

[1054:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: many hours in the day. Exactly, exactly. Versus you can design your life, how you want it to be by doing courses and group coaching, and doing the hybrid model where, you know, maybe you roll out of training once a week, and then you have a day where you have an hour where you coach those people. This is what Joshua did, which was really cool. He did an eight week program, he made $140,000 off of it. And he only had to show up once a week on video to talk to those people for eight weeks. So really, the amount of hours that he worked was, I think he he did the total promotion time was like for three days. And so let's say six hours, developed out the campaign that maybe 10 hours, and then the actual coaching another eight hours. So 18 hours, he did $140,000. And that was spread out over the course of two months. So he was only doing nine hours a month. Wow. And he was able to then use that to pour into because he's he's building, he's building a church and he's doing all this other kind of stuff. He's funding his vision instead of asking for offerings. Which is awesome. So anyways, this has been good, we've been we've been really going off on this. Another thing I'm not going to teach you is to like DM a bunch of people, cold DM people, and tell them to go buy into your coaching. I liked the idea of warm DMing people were like, like, I'm starting to test this out on my social media to be like, Hey, if you want to know how we're getting clients and building a coaching business, comment, show me in the comments and I'll DM them the link because that's a way of sending people to your due to your OPT in through your social media. But that's not the number one way that I see of growing a business, you can grow a coaching business by cold DMing people actually got the numbers out of it, you need to cold DM I think 600 people to get one client WoW is about as about the the thing, versus the model that I do with with ads and stuff like that you will usually need about I used to get one client out of every 20 leads that I get one at a time about every 20 people on my email list becomes a paid coaching client. And so and so that's about 5%. Um, which is which is which I like that keeps our business profitable, that keeps our business where the margins need to be. And then that's getting better and better each time I'm doing it as well, my closing ratio is actually going up, the more I hone in on the right target customer. So like if like Like if I'm selling coaching that's going to teach you about social media ads, and that's going to teach you about all that stuff. I'm going to I'm going to make sure that I'm talking to people that actually want to learn that, okay, I'm making sure I'm talking to people that actually want to learn what I'm going to teach. If somebody's coming to me and they're like, hey, Jeremiah, can you show me how to cold the people and meet them at a at a coffee shop? And then get them to become a coaching client? After six months? I'm gonna say no, there's a book by Steve Chandler that will teach you that. But I'm not the person that teaches that. And so as soon as I stopped trying to serve everybody, and focus on who is most likely to buy from me, and now I have I have a bunch of buyers. I have a bunch of people that are in my coaching program. And I'm focusing on specifically what are those people that are actually buying from me? What are they wanting? What are they needing? And so like, for instance, in a setting like this, you might notice there might be some some questions that I might skip over, or I'm not going to touch on a whole lot. It's because honestly, those questions for the people that ended up becoming my client, they usually aren't dealing with those issues, or they've chosen to not do those things. So for instance, like if you want to learn We're an all about one on one coaching. I'm probably not a good fit to be a coach for you. If you want to learn about how to get a ton of clients in a group coaching setting, and only work five to 10 hours a week in a business that pays you multiple six figures. That's what I'll show you how to do. All right, awesome. I'm excited to work with everybody else for the rest of this week. This is awesome. Have a good night, everybody. I'll see you all tomorrow.

[1127:11] Speaker 4: Thanks very much.

