Coaching - Lesson 1
Date: 2022-03-02T00:29:34.000Z
Duration: 14 min
Otter ID: UYoz_IEnm275yTcWRVVKmRdm9n8
---

[0:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everyone, thanks for joining me for this brand new course on coaching and how to become a better coach, how to build a coaching business, how to be a successful coach, how to coach better, and how to grow as a coach as well as build your coaching businesses. My goal with this is to help create effective successful coaches. But before I go into that, who am I my name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been doing online business and marketing for the last 18 years, I started working with a trainer, coach that was teaching network marketers how to become better salespeople, and then went on to work for my mom build a coaching program there, we ended up working with one of our clients that created a music coaching program where we generated 10s of millions of dollars in sales with coaching and courses online during that time and what I've learned through that process, while coaching, I first started coaching, I think it was maybe six, seven years ago. And I wasn't very good at it when I started. And I wish that there were some things that were taught to me, before I got started coaching that I had to learn a with the school of hard knocks be making a lot of mistakes. And see reading some great books I'm going to share with you some of the books that I read that were really helpful for me, I'm over here on my couch, because if you do a one on one coaching call with me or something, I'm usually on this couch, this is a comfortable spot for me to coach in because I'm more relaxed than at my desk. And so most of the sessions are actually going to be right here where I do most of my coaching anyways. And so as we go into this, my goal with this course, is to help empower you to become an incredible coach, whether you have already been coaching or not, I think you're going to learn a whole lot here. I think that there's a lot that people don't understand about coaching and a lot that we need to learn to become better coaches. And my goal with this is Listen, my other courses, if you bought this as part of a bundle, you got the other courses, if you didn't check out some of the other ones. Those are the ones that specifically go into the topics of sales, marketing, advertising funnels, reaching more customers, social media content, and more as well as creating courses. This is specifically about how to coach people better, how to be a better coach and the different monetization models, the different ways to make money as a coach, as well as the science behind coaching, how it's different than consulting or therapy, or counseling. And what you need to do personally, I think that's one of the number one things that's most important, the personal development, growth side of things, to help you become a better coach to be more effective with people. You see, coaching is all about bringing transformation into people's lives. They're paying you for a desired transformation. Okay, so then when they come to you, they have a goal. And they're paying you to reach that goal. The desired result at the end of the rainbow, quote unquote, is what they're paying for. And so what you're selling, what you're offering, when you're coaching somebody is to help them get to that place. What's really cool about coaching that I like, it's different than consulting is you can actually help a wider range of people, even if you don't, you're not an expert in that area. What's cool is you can actually coach somebody that you're not an expert in, by helping them problem solve using certain methodology and technology. Consulting requires you to be more of an expert in a certain field. Coaching is all about asking the right questions, okay. And so that's what I want to teach you. And I want to teach you some of those questions, I want to share with you some of the resources that I used to become a better coach, I have seen my client results skyrocket from these techniques, I have seen my happiness as a coach go up, my income go up, and everything all around has just become a lot better by applying these things that I'm going to share with you. But I want to start you off on a foundation, I want to start you off on the right foot. This is for the person that whether you are a coach, have been a coach, or just getting started. You've never coached anybody before you can take this course and feel confident to know you can even borrow some of my confidence to know that you're going to be set up on the trajectory for success to help bring transformation to other people's lives.

[73:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And here's what happens. Here's here's the coolest thing. When you're selling transformation to people, when you're selling a dream of the life that they want, through coaching and courses, which we'll talk a little bit about, I have another course it's all about creating a course. Oftentimes what I like to do is take what I've coached people on the most and turn it into a course so that way I don't have to repeat my myself a bunch of times with people, if I'm coaching them, I say, hey, take that course, read this book, stuff like that, because then they're able to go through that I don't have to repeat myself 1000 times to the same person, by them going through a process that's systematized that I know works. But what you'll find is when coaching people in the beginning, sometimes it's more fluid. Sometimes it's not as systematize. And so that's part of the process. And that's okay. That's absolutely okay, as well. Everybody who gets started in coaching, they're there. They're not that good at it in the beginning. And that's all right. Now, you may feel like you're super confident, I've been the best coach in the world. That was the problem that I actually had, in the beginning, when I started coaching, is I had a little bit too much confidence, a little bit of cockiness, thinking that, Oh, my gosh, I'm the best coach in the world. And then I realized the reality of I got a lot to learn. And so now coming on the other side of that, A, I don't know everything, be I've learned a lot of lessons along the way. And I think I can really pass those on to you to help accelerate your journey and cut down years of learning for you. You know, there's actually something called the imposter syndrome. Okay. And I want to talk about that a little bit. There's actually a moving scale for the imposter syndrome as well. The the imposter syndrome scale kind of goes like this, where, when you, when you first start to learn something, you're down here, you don't think that you know very much about the topic. When you learn a little bit about it, you think you're an expert. And then you realize you have a whole lot more to learn, and you feel like you don't know anything. And so the best place to be, especially when coaching people is after you get past that cockiness. And you feel like you don't know anything imposter syndrome comes in, but realize you're actually learning. And that's how success happens for everybody. And so if you feel like maybe I'm not good enough to coach, maybe I'm not ready to realize everybody who has ever been a success at anything has felt that way. And it's part of the process. And if you commit to continued growth, continue learning continued, moving that scale, moving along the scale of that, you're going to start to really see success, I'm looking at the term for it's actually called the Dunning Kruger effect, I'm going to pull up a screen share here on my computer. And I'm going to show you this, this chart of exactly what I'm talking about. For imposter syndrome. Okay, so the Dunning Kruger effect is right here. So when you when you first start out with something, this is zero experience, you know nothing about it, you've never done anything before. And then this is being an expert right here. When you know nothing, and you learn just a little bit and get a little bit of experience, your confidence level goes to like 100. Okay, as you gain experience, your confidence level actually starts to go like this. And this is where most people end up in their first year of coaching as well, I really don't know a whole lot when they first get started. They go like this real quick. I know, I'd love for you to have that level of confidence, you can borrow that confidence for me when you're selling to people. But But realize as well, if you're feeling like you're not good enough, as you gain experience, realize more experience, this is normal, to feel like you don't know everything, and to have that imposter syndrome. And so as you learn more, as you become more of an expert, you'll start to realize, okay, I know more and your confidence will start to go up. And by the end of this program, I hope that you get closer to that, by the end of this, I hope that you start to grab on to some of the techniques, some of the technology, some of the ways of coaching that have worked, some of the ways that when you're helping coach somebody along a process, you're going to help them bring transformation and results to their life. And that you can grow as well. And you start to gain more knowledge. And as you apply it more experience, to get you closer to being an expert, some of you as well, you're gonna be able to take this course and I truly mean this, any of my courses, by the way, you're gonna be able to take what you learn in these courses. And you might be able to pass them on and teach them to others, you might be able to take my business model that I've done right here and copy it and create your own business where you teach others how to be effective coaches, and how to create courses and how to sell online. So keep that in mind. Possibly you may take some of these techniques and use it and apply in your own practice.

[151:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. I'm a fan of that. I'm probably one of the only coaches and business owners out there. Except for a lot of the ones that are super highly profitable and successful. That is that way i champion people that say take what I teach, pass it on and share it with others. Okay. I learned that from Tony Robbins and Dave Ramsey, in fact, and Dean Graziosi the three of them Tony Robbins, Dave Ramsey, and Dean Graziosi all said, Listen, there's enough business out there for everyone. If people want to copy what I'm sharing more powerful To them, because there's a lot of people that need to hear this message. And I say the same exact thing. Okay, so as we go into this, I want you to be taking notes, I want you to be in a place of learning, I want you to open your mind to a place of discovery, a place of discovering more about yourself more about coaching, more about how to be effective, more about how to be an effective communicator, an effective leader, really, coaching is a form of leadership. We often look at football coaches, and basketball coaches, as the top leader in a sports organization next to the owner or founder. And in that, as a coach, you are a leader. So you really have to start to see yourself as a leader, a coach has to grow personally. Otherwise, they're going to end up projecting all of their own issues on the people that they coach. And this is one of the things that I see often happen with brand new coaches that lack experience is they end up making their coaching more therapeutic for them and less helpful to the people that they work with. Again, I struggled with this a little bit in the beginning, when I was coaching people, it was more like therapy for me, and wasn't as helpful for the people that I was coaching. And I had to learn how to become a better coach and learn how to be more effective. In this, this is trial and error that you're going to learn. This is stuff that I've tried, I failed with, and then succeeded, you're going to learn the stuff that has been tested and proven that I know works, that I'm going to pass on to you so that you can have the confidence to know that it works as well. But in that process, I want to encourage you this Listen, you're gonna make mistakes, it's okay, you're not going to do everything perfect. Give yourself the grace, to mess up, give yourself the grace, to not have to do everything perfect. Oftentimes, I see a lot of people struggling, they don't put themselves out there. They don't start their business because they're afraid of making mistakes, not doing everything perfectly. And then they struggle to ever launch the idea that they have in the dream inside their heart. Don't let that be you, my friends. As you go through this course, you're going to grow in the skill, knowledge and experience by applying it by getting clients. So we're going to talk about that. Listen, a coach without clients is just somebody with a lot of ideas. Okay, you can't be a coach without clients, you got to get clients. And that's the whole system of what I teach and help people with does. I help coaches grow their businesses to multiple 10s of million dollar millions of dollars $20 million $30 million in sales from coaching and courses. And I believe that anybody, even if you're just starting out, can take what I'm teaching, and the systems that I use and what I teach in my other courses, and create that for yourself as well. But you got to do the work. You can't get there without doing the work. And it's a process. All right. So that's the intro. That's what this course is all about. If you're ready to go to the next level, you're ready to jump into this journey with me Listen, I'm gonna challenge you. I'm going to coach you in this. You're not going to like everything I'm going to say. If you're willing to be challenged, if you're willing to challenge some of the beliefs that you might have, let's proceed if not if you're not ready for that. If you don't think this is going to help you again, there is a money back guarantee on everything that I offer. You can go take advantage of that. So let's go on to the next lesson on what coaching actually is talks to everybody.

