VIP - Launch Your 6 Figure Coaching Offer
Date: 2022-12-14T02:52:09.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: z2FpIF7LhFeMgGzGbdyvqXxml8M
---

[1:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right all right. All right. All right

[8:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome welcome. Welcome everybody welcome to day number two's

[10:25] Speaker 1: VIP training.

[11:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: VIP backstage pass session. Welcome here, welcome. So let's let's just dive right into it. Those who got questions, let's raise your hands. Let's go into your questions. I wasn't even reading the chat throughout the whole thing. So I was just just talking. Who's got questions? Who, who's who's gonna raise their hand? Tamra?

[20:36] Speaker 2: Tamra golden There we go. Can you hear me now? Yes. Okay. Um, you were talking about a template in Jasper. That's a tool that I just started to dive into the last month. And you were talking about a template to kind of write your copy. Could you say again, what that what that was? Or how you obtained it in Jasper?

[28:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I created it in Jasper, and you can access it by going to community.jasper.ai. Okay, um, I'll also put the link in the chat here. So they have a number of templates on this link called community.jasper.ai. If you type it into your web browser here, okay. And their recipes for boss mode, how to do blog posts, ideas, Facebook ads, video scripts, that the one that we use is this one, it's on page two perfect offer copy for coaches, and, and course creators. And so that's the one that you definitely want to make sure that you're using to go through I got a little training video right here on how to actually use it. And you do it by answering those questions. Who is your customer? What problem do they have? What solution? Do you offer them? What is your methodology include meaning dive deeper into your product service? Is it a webinar? Is it a? Is it a? Is it a video training? Is it a is it a free class? What is it? And so by by really diving into that, by answering those questions, the AI will fill in the gaps. Now here's the here's the problem that ends up happening. A lot of our clients are saying so it didn't sound like me, it didn't produce a result. It didn't create what I wanted to say, Well, that's because you're going to direct it with more language, you can't just expect it to like work on its own. So you got to actually direct it like it's a junior copywriter. And you got to say, Okay, if it's starting to talk about, let's say that you're you're selling coaching for spirituality, a spirituality and it starts talking about crystals, but you teach people how to become closer to the Lord Jesus Christ, you need to delete the line that says crystals and type in that it's related to Jesus, okay. And it will actually filter the content and direct it back in line that way. Instead of unfortunately, this is what some people do. It didn't say what I wanted it to. So I give up. And that's what a lot of people do. Again, it goes back to this control thing. It goes back to this thing that we end up becoming reactive when things don't go our way. And we got it we got to learn to just experiment.

[63:49] Speaker 2: Yeah, I tried to. I didn't did a like a trial on the boss mode. And then just trying to save money. I was like when did the other mode and like the southern mode doesn't they like basic mode doesn't do much of anything. But the boss mode is really pretty cool.

[67:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it is in chat. GPT is also a cool tool to use to summarize large pieces of content as well. So okay, all right. Thank you. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Carolyn Johnson.

[71:09] Speaker 3: Hi. So I went to the open AI and they have something there called a blackboard or something. Anyway, it was I could experiment with it for free. And then I also went to chat GBT last night and is it okay, if I put in the chat, my ask that I asked the AI and then see what you think of it. Sure. This is what I ended up with. And it was pretty amazing how I could reiterate every time and get different results to come back out. Oh,

[80:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah gives you different results each time. So then what I would do is I would take those results and bring it into that Jasper recipe.

[82:24] Speaker 3: Yeah, I was trying to do it without spending the money on the Jasper because I'm right now I'm I'm trying to look at I'm, I'm in the process of getting my LLC. And so I want to spend the money out of the company account, not my personal account. I think I've got a meeting Friday with an accountant but didn't want to stop someone to take action. So do you have any suggestions on how I could change how I phrase things here?

[90:58] Speaker 4: You can hear what is always

[91:52] Speaker 3: the commanding language to make it sound more like me. So how would that?

[94:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the language does sound more like you is by you editing out anything that doesn't sound like you and you correcting it as if you're talking to a real human saying nope, that's not correct. It needs to say this and you talk to it like a person. Oh, okay. So you actually communicate to it like a person? That makes sense. Yeah. So then what I would do is I would take this into the recipe here this is just like I'm not even reading what it's writing. By the way, I'm literally doing this blind pretending that this is actually going to work so most computer programmers have so Is this accurate? You want to read the results of the gives you and decide? Is it accurate?

[110:34] Speaker 0: You want to read whatever results it gives you and actually decide if it's accurate. Like if, like, so, do you know your market enough to be able to look at it? And now that's that's that's a question for you. If you're like well, I don't know. Okay, then guess. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm guessing. So then you can filter this down through the psychology of like, you know, what are their what are their biggest desires, you filter it through to write the the headlines, and really like Jasper is gonna help you come up with this. Way better than

[120:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, I don't even know which direction this is headed talking about Facebook groups and ads and stuff. But um

[122:56] Speaker 3: it was interesting. I put I put, instead of Facebook, I put Instagram and it changed the language into more like 20 something year old languages. Yeah. You know, the phraseology. It was really cool.

[126:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Once you become a cert, so what so a certified program manager, programming manager or program manager,

[128:05] Speaker 3: so there's a PMP, it's project manager, I guess I should have said project. It was like 3am. Project, Project Management Professional, but that's like a copyrighted term. So I can't use that. So I could say certified project manager,

[132:22] Speaker 1: sort of Yeah, but yeah.

[133:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Again, um, I would, I would again, just for yourself, be careful how many times you verbalize what isn't what isn't going to work for you. So, because you've, you've done it four times, while we're talking right now about like, well, I can't do that because of this. I can't do that. Because of this. I can't do that because of this. Is that all your brain thinks about is what you can't do? A lot. Yeah, it was just okay. librarian did the same thing for years, is it only thought about what I couldn't do. And so what ends up happening is we try to be creative with this mind that's actually stuck in all we see as limitation hesitation. Always see as limitation, hesitation. And unfortunately, the mind that you think about especially, are you are you a are you personally a computer programmer yourself?

[148:51] Speaker 3: I wasn't. And I got sort of the mindset that it takes

[149:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: to do computer programming the mindset that it takes to do accounting. Usually computer programmers and accountants have the single hardest time transitioning into writing copy for coaching, because they're thinking about it from from logic of absolutes. You're thinking about your business from absolutes, zero to 100. There's no middle ground. It's very, really when it comes to your copy and your offers. It's bendable, it's fluid. There are not absolutes to this business.

[157:54] Speaker 3: Yeah, just get it out there and test it right. Yeah.

[158:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you want to work fluidly within that and really like figuring out how your your goal is, how do I attract the people that I can make the most impact with in their life? How can I get them to show up in front of me? And then how can I help them? With a problem they have? So really, the question I want to ask them this is what is their problem?

[165:59] Speaker 3: They want to be come certified, but they're stuck because they don't think that they can actually do the work of a manager. Okay. Always been the employee, not the managers, they don't. They don't they don't view themselves as a leader.

[170:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's a huge one. And maybe they don't want to be like their past managers have been. So that's a big one, right? So we got to really, like unpack some of the psychology behind what the problem is, and then what solution you offer how to become, you know, it's, it's more than just become a man, like, become a manager like that sounds. That sounds boring. And so when it comes to writing copy you want it can't be, we use what's called a Cubs score confusing. Unbelievable. And boring. So you want your copy to be as low as possible on the CU be score, confusing, unbelievable, boring. You want it to be as low as possible. On that score, is it confusing to people? Is it unbelievable? Is it boring. And so then if it's boring, you got to add in some more colorful language to actually tell the story of what this person is going through. This is a person who has dreams hopes, their life, they have vision for their life, and you're somebody that's giving them a vehicle and a bridge to reach that goal. You're not just giving them here, here's a salary upgrade. So that means it also come across in some of the copy. All right. Okay, thank you. Awesome. Yep. All right, Christina.

[192:28] Speaker 2: Hi, um, quick question. Last night, you talked about putting out an offer that was free. And then tonight, you kind of dove into putting out something that would be between that 497 to $2,500 range? Can you kind of elaborate the differences? Of what directions you're going with the two?

[198:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Um

[200:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you can you help me understand your question a little bit better? Cuz that, from what I understand the name of this course was how to make six figures, not how to stay broke.

[203:48] Speaker 2: Right. So I mentioned we're

[204:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna pay you something to make money.

[205:54] Speaker 2: Last night, you've mentioned like in order to build trust, or putting yourself out there to give something for free for at a low cost? Yeah, yeah, definitely. Okay, the two,

[209:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: the two have to be built simultaneously. And they're the same thing essentially. Okay. So your paid thing. $997 is the same topic as your free things. You build trust with people in the free thing. You build connection, and then you point people to the paid thing.

[216:54] Speaker 2: Okay. So ideally, your your free thing. So if your paid thing is a two hour session, or however long, you know, you're throwing it out there for three months or whatever the gain is. What is your recommendation for the free session?

[222:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: The free session is the is the is the is the video training, the two hour video training. Okay, so we do it in a number of different ways. You can either do a one day two hour. My mom did that. And I did that last week and the week before, you could do, you can do it for three days, one hour each day. So that's still three hours, actually, it's three days, but one hour each day. So it's actually three hours, not two. Or what I have here, this is five days. So this is five days, five hours and if people upgrade to the VIP, it's actually 10 hours. So you're giving some form of content, where you get real people to listen to you speak into a camera and a percentage of those people under 20% usually who sign up for that free thing will end up buying it a paid thing that you gave them value, build trust with them on video, and then told them about an opportunity to work with you on a paid level. That's what you give them for free as you run, you run a workshop like this, you run a live event like this, or you run a one day live event or you pre record the content. Now we have unfortunately seen, here's the thing, I've worked with a number of coaches, they pre record their event the first time and it almost always flops, it almost always fails. Because it's very disconnected from what the people actually wanted. And so by doing it live, you're able to adjust on the fly based on what people are actually saying. And then as you dial in that messaging, you can do it where it's pre recorded, you can do it where the messages pre recorded, I did that last month, all of my I did all my my marketing events were pre recorded. And so you're you're you're leaving people with a Facebook ad to a free event with you, at a specific time to watch a video of you giving value and then pointing them to purchase a paid program. Got it? So your offer gets people in builds trust with them, so that then you can sell to those people. Make sense? Yep. Are you willing to do that? Yes. Okay. Because that's because that's what's working the best right now. That's what's working the best to produce results, you can't Gone are the days where you make a makeup, a web page, and then you just it just people find it. And then they buy from you. Like, that doesn't exist anymore. You there's so many people out there that sell coaching that sell training, that people aren't just going to find you and become a client without you actually gathering them in front of you without you actually pulling them in with some kind of a desired result. So that's why your offer copy is the number one thing you write your offer copy for the live event. Around what what are you going to teach in that live event. That's what the offer copy is. And then you teach that in the live event and you promise a result in that offer copy. And the promise is a direct straight shot to your paid program. That's a direct beeline to your paid program. Okay,

[284:11] Speaker 2: for people who don't really have an audience build out yet, because they bought for me, for example, I haven't put myself out online to the masses yet. Is there any thoughts or recommendations that you have, as far as putting a budget together for paid ads?

[288:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, most of the people that I work with do not have an audience built yet. Okay, at all. So, what I recommend for your free campaign is again, how much you're willing to lose. First off, don't spend more than that. But I'll usually say about about $300 for the first event that you run, and then your goal is to break even and make back that 300. Or to at least double it, your goal is you want to double every dollar you spend on paid ads. So you want to be able to double your ad spend each time. Okay? If you're not doubling your ad spend each time you can't grow. But here's the thing in the beginning, it's unrealistic to expect that to happen. Right? It's unrealistic to expect it to make double, triple. Right now we're making 22 times our ad spend on average. With with using the system, but the reason why is because we started testing, from just trying to break even just trying to make back our ad spend, grow the email list, get people to sign up on our list, that then once they're on our list, we deliver content to them. But here's the thing, just delivering content is useless these days. Because most people unless they already trust, you are not going to look at your content just because it's free out there. Just because on YouTube just because on a blog post. So you actually have to require people to register for the content where you're actually going to pitch them. You need to actually make people give you the name and email address and join you on the other side of a registration wall of some kind to then make that pitch to them. In other industries, you don't have to in the coaching and online course business you do an E commerce you don't have to In and it's just because the buyer, like people make a buying decision by scrolling on Amazon and seeing reviews and they buy like you don't have, that's how they build their trust. You don't have Amazon reviews for your coaching business sitting there like, and so and then another thing is, is that there's so many people that coach out there. How do you stay competitive? Well, it comes from you being able to really dial in your offer copy around the very specific person that you can get the most result to. So that's resonating with that exact person. All right. Got it. Thank you. Yep. All right, Alicia.

[330:57] Speaker 1: Hello, hello.

[331:30] Speaker 5: Um, few questions for you. Yes. First of all, my Facebook business account got hacked, and somebody ran some ads. And so I'm not able to run any Facebook ads. I do have a Facebook group. I haven't been very consistent in engaging it. So just and I also had an offer that I put out there in September, I didn't get any sales. I only had like seven people. I didn't run any ads or anything. I just pretty much use that Facebook group. So my question is, do you know of any way to get around the whole Facebook ad thing? Or should I just switched to Tik Tok YouTube, call it

[344:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: a day created a new facebook ads account?

[345:16] Speaker 5: I don't I can, I can make a new, whole new profile and a new,

[346:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: make a new ads account you create a business manager and make a new ads account.

[347:56] Speaker 5: Create a Business Manager?

[348:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You create if you create a Facebook business manager inside your account, it's a folder that your business has ran in over business.facebook.com. Right. Create a new ad account?

[352:01] Speaker 5: I can Okay. They've actually blocked me. Okay. Personally.

[354:01] Speaker 4: Oh, well, then.

[355:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, make a new Make a new. Right. Is it right to their support? They have a metal again,

[357:22] Speaker 5: I have done that. I've been doing that for months.

[358:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you selling? Are you are you? Are you selling something that's illegal?

[359:19] Speaker 5: No, somebody hacked my account.

[360:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so then somebody hacked your account? Do you have an account?

[360:54] Speaker 5: Yeah, somebody hacked my Facebook business account and ran some ads on weight loss or something. And I don't even have control over it anymore. I can't even I'm an I'm a moderator instead of an admin. I can't even then make it. Make it down. I can't believe them. Make it? Yeah. Okay. I didn't know if you could, if they like, you know what I'm saying? If they like follow you if they know it's me. So But why

[367:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't why haven't you tried yet? That's what I'm wondering.

[368:50] Speaker 5: Having tried what? And making a new one? Yeah. They blocked under my personal name. So I would have to go and make a new personal Facebook page first and then some on my business page. Because you can't run ads from God that's what that's what I'm saying. I gotta figure I gotta figure that out. Or I just need to you know, like I said go to YouTube or Tik Tok or something. I I guess I'll

[377:55] Speaker 6: that's a good question.

[378:27] Speaker 5: I was intending to try to go by I do have a different business name. And I was thinking about using my first name and middle name and kind of seeing if to try that kind of work. Work around it. That way. Okay. And then my second

[382:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: try new credit card. That too good. Good idea.

[383:35] Speaker 5: And would you recommend trying to reengage the face? The Facebook group? Um, or because I haven't been active for a while?

[387:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, just throw away the group make a new one. Okay, you're not gonna revive that old group?

[388:38] Speaker 5: Yeah. Okay, that's a good question. And then when you do run your ad, I'm wanting the ad for the this first group do you recommend putting in there somewhere that is a beta group so they understand what to expect

[394:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're really concerned that none of them are going to get results and that they're going to come after you because they don't think that you're going to serve them then maybe

[396:39] Speaker 5: Okay, no, I don't I don't feel that way. You know, I've I've done one on one coaching. I've just never done it as a group. So it is kind of a I've gotten results on the one on one but trying to You know, just kind of do this new thing, one to many. So I don't have a, you know, I don't have a, you know, doubted I can get results. But just so they understand I'm you know, might be working out some kinks trying to do it with, you know, five or 10 people versus, because I will be I don't know how to, you know, with some of the things, I'm a financial coach, some of the stuff that I usually do with people, you know, as my below. I know, I can do it, but you know, just again, just figuring out how to do it the one to many.

[409:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but I think you got to get, I think you got to start doing some of the stuff instead of just thinking about doing it. Yeah. Because that's the biggest thing is we gotta get out of our head. We gotta get out of well, I can't because this I can't because that there's always a way everything's figured out double.

[413:20] Speaker 5: Yep. Different card. Okay, container. Thank you.

[414:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. If you're stuck at any stage of this process, you can get unstuck, just by asking the questions and really looking at, okay, why have I been stuck here for so long? All right. All right. Again, Carol.

[420:21] Speaker 7: Right, good stuff, Jeremiah. So timelines for for, for all those timelines for communication timelines for, like ad spend all that, like if I'm launching February one, is it wise to start now? Is it wise to wait two weeks before it? Is it three days before? Like, what's the optimum, sort of

[427:39] Speaker 0: I would not run your ads for more than two weeks. Because for a low cost or free offer, the attention span of people beyond two weeks is pretty low. They'll commit to something and then they will come up with a you know, a reason why even the qualified people will come up with why it's a waste of their time after about three weeks.

[433:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't want to do any less than three days. But I wouldn't even do three days if like initially, I would give yourself at least a week to run the ads, because it takes a couple of days. For it to kick in. If you have a proven offer, you can get away with what I did doing it for three days. But without a proven offer, you need at least a week. So a week or two to do that.

[439:28] Speaker 7: Okay? And when you're making the pitch, if you're doing a three leg if you're doing a five day event like this, are you always cognizant of the fact that a pitch is coming? Do you make it every day? Are you just doing the pitch over emails? Is this part of a funnel thing? Or what do you do? Do you

[444:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: ever emails, I like having a VIP for people to jump into throughout the event. Sometimes you can make a pitch at the very end. Sometimes you can gauge whether people are joining the waiting lists or not. If you want to make a pitch if you want to push it out further. Your goal is really how are you? How are you actually connecting with people? Are you creating an environment for people to where it's building trust with them, and it's serving them? Because I'm not I'm not thinking about pitching anybody in here right now. I'm only thinking about how can I make a connection with you guys, and help solve a problem. And really, like, I really want everybody in here to not be stuck putting an offer out there. Because I can teach how to do it. But if six months from now you're still in I'm figuring out what I'm doing. So I don't think you would be doing that. But there's people that are watching this right now. You know, like they're, they're gonna spend the next five years still figuring out what their niches and like that is. That's not like, that's clearly not working

[464:04] Speaker 6: for them.

[464:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, how do we solve for that?

[466:34] Speaker 7: So you're, if I'm guessing correctly, then if this was like a precursor to a coaching thing, then the VIP would just be your most, you know, eligible customer.

[470:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was the most eligible customers as far as their questions go, right. Okay. And really the reason behind the VIP is to is to answer those questions, and then I'm running those through the AI to figure out what our future offers are. So we're filtering all of that back and forth. So like what we're doing right now, today is based off of the last four times that we've ran this offer, and how we've done different events. Now I've done multiple five day events one day events. I'll tell you the worst offer I ran was it got me the worst people It was a one day event called finding your niche. And it got me the worst people possible. None of them signed up for my coaching. Or if they did, they asked for their money back within the first 15 days. So I realized everybody, though, who was asking me questions you want to know, on the, on the little form right here where I like, I'm like, What's your biggest struggle 30% of them say finding their niche. So that means that 30% of the people that I'm attracting aren't even like a good fit. So I need to make sure that I'm talking to people that actually know what their niches already correct. Because if they don't have their niche figured out, now, listening to me for two hours or five days isn't going to do it. And so that's where I pivoted from, not just create and build your coaching program to launching your coaching offer, because launching your coaching offer means that you know, where you're starting at, and the only reason why people won't launch is, again, when I said it's either pride or fear. It's one of those two things. That's it, it's pride or fear. It's the pride that things got to be perfect. And so I'm not going to do anything unless it's perfect, or it's the fear that it's not going to work out and I'm gonna lose money waste time, and things aren't gonna work out one of those. So

[501:48] Speaker 7: awesome. Thank you so much.

[502:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. All right. Any anybody else got any other any other questions in here?

[505:41] Speaker 6: Nina? Hi. Yeah. My question is, I will, precursor I did not, I was not able to be on the training yesterday. So if I ask something that was covered, I'm sorry. I have a online course that I created a couple of years ago. And that's what I actually want to sell. Do and it's a five hour and then self directed. So it's not live coaching. Initially, when I sold that it was life coaching, they did live group coaching. Is that still something I should do? Should I like the information is golden, I don't think I need to update the information. But do you recommend that it's alive? sold well before? Like I sold to my friends and family? So yeah, I had 20 people by

[518:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. No, 20 people buying is pretty good. That's a good indicator right there. Like if you get 10 people buying something you can optimize that you can optimize for that. Um, I mean, the fact that I've had in the last month, I think we had over 500 people buy products and coaching and courses from me, that's a good indicator that I'm doing something that people want, right? Okay, helping people with something that they want. So, so that's great. I think you take that what I would add to it, though, is take those recordings, and then I just maybe add q&a in there, because you can bump your price up two or three times by adding live q&a. Okay. So like, you could take a pre recorded course, and then just add live q&a to it. And now a $300 course is worth five to 700. Wow. Okay, just by you being there to provide that support and accountability. Okay, perfect. Thank you. So yeah, easily. If you're wanting to run ads to do that, again, it starts with the offer copy. It starts with the language that you're using. So yeah, okay, perfect. Thank you. All right, Doran.

[536:58] Speaker 1: I'm curious. If you have like a middle or lower tier coaching offer because you've got the one per 6k Do you ever do any, like middle of the road to kind of send customers that maybe are completely ready for your, your 6k? But they're kind of beyond the $27 VIP five day deal?

[543:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, so my coaching is less than 2500.

[544:21] Speaker 1: Oh, okay. I misunderstood. Yeah, yeah. So what's your one on 110? K,

[545:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: though? Another one on 130. Okay,

[546:50] Speaker 1: so you you have 2500 Is your middle tier? Right. Okay. I was just curious if you've mapped

[548:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that out. Yeah. And I'm, and I'm mapping out sometime next year, possibly adding in something like 4000. But it's gonna be it's gonna it's not anytime soon. And it's not going to have any support for this period. Gotcha. But yeah, my program that I that I have is it includes all the courses that people could need for any aspects of like their business. So like, Instagram and Facebook ads for beginners, email marketing, the fun way. Funnel building made easy on Squarespace. And those are the latest courses then we got copywriting mastery, Tiktok ads. virtual event playbook. This one's all about like what to use sale during a three day or five day event,

[560:36] Speaker 1: and you sell those individually as well, no, I don't

[561:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: anymore, I have removed those completely from being sold individually, the only way to access anything with me beyond this training and the VIP is to actually join the coaching program. So there's the website building Made Easy social media, all those social media content, irresistible offers. Some of these are like the VIP bundles from past events as well that are in here, because this is my members area. So I got everything in the back end here. This one's all about how do you create a course? How do you actually create a world class course? This one's all about how do you coach people better if you don't know how to coach people. It's kind of like a combination. It's a coaching course and how to lead people in a group setting. Okay, and so that's what people get. And then they get all the bonuses that are included, like like the Facebook group, like the live trainings, we do live copywriting rewriting, we do we do live a lot like what we're doing right here, we do every single week with the group that's in the client growth accelerator. So and that's less than $2,500 per year. And people can either finance that up to 60 months with our financing partner. So so the payments on that are less than 50 bucks a month if you do that. Or you can just pay yourself 12 pay no interest. And that's just to me, and you can pay monthly on that. So it's less than 200 bucks a month. So that's my coaching program that I offer people. That's what you can get on the waiting list for when I opened the doors to that again,

[587:20] Speaker 3: on my website right here, the group coaching. Okay.

[588:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. So does that make sense? And so that's what this group coaching program is right here. It's a client growth accelerator.

[590:27] Speaker 1: Now, makes perfect sense. Cool. I just said the pricing a little skewed. Yeah, yeah,

[591:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: no worries. The what I like people to do that, like in the beginning is, if you do a six or eight week, what I call hybrid coaching, to where you sell, it's basically like six or eight sessions that you roll out weekly, you don't pre record all the sessions, you roll out each week, a new lesson over the course of six weeks, eight weeks, and you sell that for 1000 bucks. And so that's a pre recorded lesson that they get once a week. And then you include one day of zoom q&a with that. And that's easily a value of $1,000. If you feel like that's too much, discounted by 50% off for an initial audit group, say we're going to discount this as our launch for 500 bucks. If you're if you are delivering a solution to a problem somebody has for 500 bucks, they'll still invest in that, I want you to think about this. See, we get too caught up and trying to compare ourselves to the market that's out there saying are the market our competitors, and people aren't charging that they actually are charging on the back end, the ones that are actually making money, you can't make six figures, selling $100 $27 $47 trainings, you got to actually sell something that's over $500 to be able to make six figures to multiple people. And then you want to have a reoccurring revenue, meaning they buy more than one thing from you, they spend money with you more than one time. And by you solving that problem that allows you to do that. Okay, so like, for instance, when my water heater went out in my house that cost more than $500 to get that replaced. That was a problem that I had where the water heater was 17 years old. And so we had to replace it. And I am not a professional that does that. Because I probably figured out sure it's not worth my time, though. So I'm willing to invest $1,500 to pay somebody to do that. Whatever your coaching is, is a solution to a problem that your market has. And you want to find people that have money to spend to solve that problem. And that's what your goal is with your offer. Your offer attracts the people with problems. You want to get as many people with problems in front of you to watch some kind of video with you. And then you sell them on the solution to their problem. It's as I hope this is like starting to make sense to you all like how do you do that? It's not it's not super complicated. It's actually very simple.

[633:05] Speaker 1: When you do the six or eight week pre recorded, do you throw in a zoom weekly? Or is

[634:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, you do a weekly zoom with that.

[635:41] Speaker 1: Like you're coaching gym, like we're doing right now. Yep.

[636:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You do it over the course of six to eight weeks on a on a specific topic. Totally. Nice. Yeah. All right. All right. Any other any other questions from anybody? While you got me here? Here's the thing I want what comes out of this five days, I want this to be like people that you're you're you're getting results you're implementing, you're starting to write your offer copy, it starts with the language of your offer copy. That's the thing. It doesn't start with figuring out the back end of your coaching program. It starts with you figuring out how do I actually effectively communicate in a way that will attract the buyers? To me, that's step number one.

[647:19] Speaker 7: In all right, cheeky question. Yeah. Going from six figures, mid six figures to seven figures is what's the secret,

[650:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: the secret is systems and it's systematizing the entire process. And it's making that to where you are no longer working in the business, you are more saying above the above everything. And really, you have it more automated, you're, you're basically making more offers more often to more people. And you're laser dialing in that offer and then you add in some kind of a high ticket on top of that, that is five to $10,000 at the top end. So that's, that's what takes you from the six to seven is by as by by adding in that higher level. And there's only a small percentage of people that will do that. So far, what we've seen is about seven and a half percent of the people who sign up for my group coaching and upgrading to the to the one on one coaching. Okay, so again, we're working on making those numbers better. When we did this with Rick Pino, he sold 300 250, or 300 of his $1,000 program, and got 50% of those people that jump into a 10k program. So that was 150 people at 10k. In three months, that was $1.5 million. So and now, the whole process is there's this exact same process running the live events that lead people to some kind of a course with coaching. And then you sell the dream of what the next level is the guidance. So like, what I'm finding a lot of people are investing with me, the higher level four is they go through the courses, they go through the training, they've ran their offer, but they're, it's not, it's not producing the profit they really need. And so I need to go in there like multiple times every other week looking at their copy their offer, analyzing it with them for a little while doing that. And we go over that we map out their their offered with them, and we map out their course and we help map out the copy for them. So all right, Kevin.

[684:31] Speaker 4: Yeah, I've seen some videos of you of you walking down the street and in all that stuff, and I guess what my question is, I have a book I have an album I utilize, utilize creativity do stand up comedy, all that stuff. So how did you How do you decide for your your live videos versus you know, just a, a Facebook ad kind of thing was just an ad, right? How do you add live stuff or tape stuff walking down the walking down the neighborhood? Versus a just a thumbnail? You know, Facebook thumbnail ad, right? With a call to action? Yeah.

[697:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm, as always, I just always think about what are the questions people are asking me? And then I answer those questions as best as I can. With in mind that I'm trying to point people to register for something. So I'm still giving the answer. Even though I'm inviting them to register for it. I think that's one of the biggest things is a lot of people think, Okay, I got a hold back my content till they purchase, or till they register. I don't actually hold anything back. I just I give it all away, at the same level, whether you paid me or not. And then everything you do as a call to action of some kind to a next level. Yes. Yeah, of some kind to a next level such as now if it's if it's like a if it's an Instagram reel or a tick tock or I'm not really that good at organic social media content. That's one thing I want to tell you. My mom is way better at it. There's a lot of people that are way better at organic. I have not gotten much results from organic at all. I get results from paid ads, and then those paid ads, people follow me. They watched my organic content, then that builds trust with them to come back later. So all of my organic content is based off of Who do I know is listening to me. So I'm speaking to a very specific type of person that I know is asking me questions. So I'll look at who's commenting on my feet and then what questions are they asking an answer? knows all the time as well.

[720:18] Speaker 4: And then are you for lack of a better example of Brendon Burchard, fan of multi purposing the same content over multiple social media things.

[722:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just started doing that with an assistant that's editing videos. For me, I'm not really seeing much of a change in that I used to record my reels and stuff separately. But yeah, again. Here's the thing. So for three or four years, I did that. But the one thing I didn't do was actually run ads to offers for live events and sell people on something. So I skipped the whole process of sales and marketing and focus for four years on just serving people. And I was only making $500,000 a month. As soon as I added in running ads to trainings and invited people to those, that's where our income went up.

[733:03] Speaker 4: No joint ventures. Do you touch on that? No, I

[733:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't I don't do anything with affiliates or joint ventures. Okay.

[734:48] Speaker 4: Thanks for your time. Yep.

[736:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's okay. That's not entirely true. I do affiliate or joint venture, if I've known you for over three years. You got to be somebody I really know. Like, like, I would be more just people I'd be willing to go to war with not just some random person who's got an offer.

[740:49] Speaker 4: Well, your reps on the line when you're gonna draw? Yeah.

[741:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's, you know, I would do this, I would do something like with my mom and like, with clients that I've worked with for a long time, but that's about it. Nobody else. Thanks,

[744:53] Speaker 6: Angela.

[745:21] Speaker 8: Hey, they're just checking to see if you're seeing a bigger response or conversion rate with still, or video ads.

[749:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, okay, so this question, let's see if you can? The answer to that question is not as simple as you think. Video Ads are superior to steal ads in every way. However, running both together is better than only running video ads. Really? Yes. So running still ads and videos together as the best result, or running videos. But only running still ads will give you the lowest result. Okay, and the best video ads we've tested this are just selfie style on your phone, not polished, not super, like quality you just recorded on your cell phone. And then I add the captions through Instagram captions and export it and then upload that as an ad.

[763:46] Speaker 8: And are you seeing a better response in Facebook or Instagram? Or is it just not even

[765:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I use the Facebook Ads Manager? It sends it out to both so I don't actually even look at whether that does I just have that the algorithm sent it to both for me.

[767:57] Speaker 8: Okay, well, we can two ads at all in this VIP section?

[769:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: We can. Were you a part of one of the previous trainings that I did.

[771:32] Speaker 8: Now, this isn't the first time I've seen that you had something offered? And so yeah, so I would, you know, I It's been a while since I ran Facebook ads. Since 2019. Just because of the you know, we had we had built our email list to over 30,000. And then I realized they were not niche down to now. Yeah, they weren't, they weren't buyers, right. And so I just stopped the ad spending, you know, we had basically a hole in our bucket. And so I have not run ads since then. Because I've been refining the content and doing what you have. So brilliantly said over the last two meetings is trial and error and, and launching a program and it's not even created and, and all of these things. And so anyway, I we're to the point now where it's about time to start running ads to get some fresh. Yeah, well, I mean, we have organic people opting in, but to get some very targeted people.

[790:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, what makes the ad perform the best is the offer copy. Okay, it's the language. It's the words that are in the ad. It's the words that you're saying in the video ad and then it's the words on the page where they land where you're asking them to take action. That is the single most important part of this entire process is the words that are on the page, the words that are in the ad and the words that you're saying in your video ads. And AI can help with all of that. Correct? Yes.

[800:00] Speaker 8: Okay, quick question. I know we're almost up. And over the course of the next few classes, can we dive into maybe some AI copy?

[803:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what we're gonna be doing for most of the next the next day or so? Yes. Okay. Okay, awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're gonna dive into that, because that's exactly what it is. It's taking that copy. And doing it from an angle that actually connects with people. Now, here's the number one thing. Again, a lot of y'all are thinking about what am I going to do once they pay me this $997? Your first concern is just how do I sell people to actually show up and listen to me for free. Because you got to sell people to even show up to hear your, your offer. If nobody's gonna show up to listen to you, then we then that's actually your first sale that you got to make your sale is the exchange of their time. So I have successfully sold everybody who's in this VIP, in showing up live with me to ask questions. And so that's your first sale that you need to make before you even consider how am I going to serve all those people. And so that's why the offer copy is what does that now you want to have reminder emails as well to go out to people, you want to send out reminders that remind them to show up for the event as well, a lot of people we've actually tested this, we we had a guy that was supposed to set up reminders he didn't. So we got to see the results of what happens when you don't send reminder emails out to people for a live event like this. Only 20% of the people who actually show up, showed up. So the event instead of having like 20 people in the VIP had three, because there are no reminder emails, because and that's one thing that I see that a lot of people do is they don't want to bug people with too many emails. You actually want 80% of the people to unsubscribe, because they can't stand how many emails you send them, that's actually a good thing. Because they are there, they're automatically disqualifying themselves as a as a as a client of yours at that point. This is this is why I talk so much about being okay with rejection, letting go of the result letting go of trying to control people and keep them in. Because the idea of ad you investing, you know, $20 to get people to become a lead. And then eight out of 10 of those, you're basically throwing $160 in the toilet because they unsubscribe, like you actually have to become okay with that. And that that'd be baked into your profit model. As that being part of your Profit Mechanism, is why we have to charge what we do for coaching because otherwise you can't actually make enough money with having 80% of them unsubscribe. So you have to you have to really look at it realistically like okay, if 80% of people unsubscribe. And here's the thing, whether they unsubscribe or not you you trying to retain more than 80% isn't going to produce more sales for you. We've also tested that out, you tried to keep people on your list by not emailing them so much is actually going to produce less sales, we recommend that you email your list at least once a day. Sometimes twice a day. If they registered for an event like this, I'll do three to four times a day you guys have gotten those emails, maybe you've ignored them, that's fine. I'm totally, that's totally fine. But that's actually part of the process of weeding out the right people. And what I'll do is I will go in, if somebody hasn't opened any emails for me in a year, I actually delete them off my list. Because I can go in and see I'm sending it to them. And so then I go in and I delete the rest manually, I actually remove them, because then my open rates are pretty high. My open rates on my cold emails are anywhere between 30 to 50% to my whole list. And that's with me emailing them once a day. So 30 to 50% of everybody on my list still opens all of my emails and responds in some way or another and so I'm getting to know those people that's why I have this course called email marketing the fun way in my in the in the coaching program because I go over this topic of you got to make it fun. Your email is basically another platform. It's another social media platform. It's like your own version of Mark Zuckerberg platform that you own you You have the list of people, you want to frequently export your list and back it up as well. Because if you get your email account deleted, that's the only asset that you have is people's email addresses, okay, and you want to stay in connection with those people you want, here's a big part of the process, you want to be in front of your target client constantly. That's why I'm always emailing. That's why I'm always running ads for some kind of an offer over the holidays, we'll be basically repackaging our Black Friday offer as a New Year's offer for seven bucks, and we'll run it out there to people, you know, get ready for the new year $7 package bundle of trainings and all the trainings are just the recordings of sessions, like what I did on the one day trainings, I'm just repackaging that in a different way for people. And we'll probably get to 300 people buying into that, and then they'll join some of our events. And then when we open the doors to our coaching program, a flooded, people will end up coming in, because they've been watching so much content, they really want that support. And that accountability and that help for me to help write that copy with them to help go over that copy. And that's why I'm excited to tomorrow, like we're gonna dedicate all of tomorrow to writing the copy. What I found is, it's interesting, if I don't spend the first two days going over mindset, though, it actually hurts people. So I go over mindset, really in the first two days of my five day event. And then the real meaty content is probably as the next three days, where I'm actually teaching how to write the offer copy, because I because y'all gotta like get to the point where you're willing to take risks, where you're willing to just put something out there and see what works and play around and make it an experiment and not be stuck in your head. Okay.

[907:35] Speaker 3: All right, Carolyn. So for MailChimp, you mentioned you use that do you use? Do you see a big difference between the free version which I've used and the paid version, the free version only

[910:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: lets you use one email list. And you can't do a lot of automations with and you're limited to how many emails you can send out.

[912:36] Speaker 3: I've experimented with that. So thank you. Yeah. Kevin,

[914:38] Speaker 4: if you're going to talk about this later, don't worry about it. But about the trend of DMS and the bots that you pretend that you're there and all that

[916:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't used any of those. What I have found, though, is that I have gotten a better response on my organic by having like, you know, let me know if you want this versus putting a link in the organic posts. And then I've just manually message those people, I want to set up a WeChat that messages people on that. I know some people use it too much. And they abuse it, they go into the DMS way too much. I don't really like doing that. Because I also reserved my direct messages for people that I'm really coaching more, but I'll use it to send offers to people, but then usually it'll I'll get a bunch of questions from them. And, you know, I don't really want to deal with the direct messages that much. So that's why my goal is to at least get people into some kind of an event or register for something to get on my list. So but that can be a way to at least get people to do that is by by doing that I haven't optimized how to do that I'm not really good at that I again, my strength is running paid ads, to offers, getting people into a live event and then converting them to sales, and then analyzing that data to make your copy better because you want to dial in your copy. The niche that you start with isn't going to be your forever niche. The idea that you're going to start with now isn't going to be what you do forever. My mom started teaching WordPress, then she moved to social media. Now she teaches stocks because she evolved and her audience evolved. And what she wanted to serve people with evolved. I started teaching website building, I kind of just honestly, I just copied what my mom did. I'm like if she started with websites, I'm gonna start with websites. You know, literally that's what I did. I'm like Mom, I told her I was like Mom, like this whole business. I just look at what you did. And I just copy everything you did. And, and it's working. So and then I'm teaching people how to copy what I'm doing. And if you copy how I do it, it works. Well, we got to break out of the biggest thing was me marketing offers to people getting people on my email list, and then making presentations, people I would have never met on eBay. If I hadn't done that I'd never met Lila if I hadn't done that I would never have met any of the people that are here. If I wasn't running offers out to people, Angela, I've been running offers all year long, but it's the first one that you said that you've seen.

[955:48] Speaker 8: Yeah, I don't know why that is. I mean, yeah.

[956:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we've known each other for a long time.

[957:36] Speaker 8: Yeah, since 2008. I know

[958:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: if anybody can validate my story that I talked about Angela seen it

[960:08] Speaker 8: Yeah, literally sitting at the back table while video editing is happening. I mean, with

[961:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Danny Johnson Yep. That's it. That's it. Cool. Well, hey, this has been good, these questions are really great. Um, it tells me that we're ready to dive into copy tomorrow is exactly what it is. And so that's what we're going to dive into, I want all of you to really come up with the answers to those five questions, because we're going to base a lot of this off of, and we're going to write your copy live in the event. So we're actually going to write it live for everybody. So these questions right here, who is your customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer? What is your methodology include? And then describe the optimal best case scenario and result that somebody gets. So for me, like I would say, coaches, and course creators, who have tried everything, but can't seem to break past the six figure income mark, in their business and want to make a real impact with people while turning, coaching and teaching into their full time thing that I would say that describes everybody who registers for my events, right here. What problem do they have, they don't know where to start. Or if they do, they are hesitant to take action because they need guidance on writing their offer, copy. And getting clarity on which funnels and strategies produce the best results. So they don't lose money on paid ads, right. So actually offer them a proven system of running paid ads, and writing copy with AI to create irresistible offers, that their coaching clients will be will be begging them to jump to join. Yeah. So that's the solution that I offer right there. What does my methodology include? And so this would be whatever I'm making the offer for if it's for a coaching program, this you would change if it's for your paid program, or your free one methodology, a 12 month coaching program that I sell for $2,500 that has all of the courses and training support and accountability, they need to get results fast and write their copy so they can sell six and seven figures. So that would be my paid offer. Or you would write methodology includes a free five day training seminar online, where I'm walking people personally, through the process of creating their offer and writing their copy while coaching them through through any areas, they are stuck along the way. Okay? Describe the best case scenario, they run an offer that makes 22 times their ad spend. And they are making over $1 million per month.

[1021:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then we go through and we run these boss mode commands, what keeps them up at night. Fear of failure not being able to reach six figure income, they worry that they don't have what it takes to make it a reality that they fall short because they lack knowledge or experience. They're scared of investing too much in something and it not working out. That does that sound familiar to any of y'all. They're afraid of investing too much in something that is not working out. So that's really like part of the root frustration that we're dealing with here. That if I create offers around needs to needs to needs to touch on is helping people who you don't want to sink too much costs in because you've already sunk so much costs already. How to break past that to start to launch your offer and start to get some of those results. You know and so that's how Jasper can help. So come up with who your customer is, what problem they have, what solution you offer them. What is your methodology include and then the best case results scenario that like your your Your ultimate dream client who does everything you say and produce the result? What would their life look like? Describe that, and have that ready for tomorrow. And then we will be writing the copy live and I'll show you how to use Jasper and how to pull the nuances out and do all of that. And what's really fun is, we even use what's called the hero's journey on this. The Hero's Journey is really cool. I like using chat GPT for the hero's journey. Right? Here, I'll show you my screen write a hero's journey outline for this offer. I paste what I just typed into Jasper. Here's a possible Hero's Journey outlining the customer course gonna feel stuck. At the six figure Mark wants to make a bigger impact, they face a problem, they don't know how to create an irresistible offer. They learn a solution using an AI powered system, the customer decides to take action and sign up for a free training seminar, they follow the step by step methodology, they experienced the challenges and obstacles along the way. This is what we've been talking about in the VIP in the last few sessions, the challenges and obstacles along the way that you run into. And then if for those that succeed, you'll, you can see this is this is the best result that I've seen, I know that that you can surpass a million a month, but I haven't personally worked with anybody that's done over a million a month. So like, if you want to make more than a million a month, there's there's other there's people that can take you there i i can get you to a million a month. I've done it a couple times. And so the customer achieves their goal of turning coaching and teaching into a full time thing, they become the hero in their own right and overcome their doubts and fears. And so this would be the journey that I want everybody who joins my offer to go through. And so by even having that mapped out like that I'm able to look at okay, my hero client goes through that journey. And I would even look at you know what, what fictional movies or stories share a similar outline. When possible outline is the story of Neo from the Matrix lives a mundane life is faced with pursued by agents, he's offered a solution to help free humanity takes action. Guidance, he starts learning his newfound powers and abilities. This is about you know, right here how to write the offer copy how to use the AI a lot of it I found a lot of my clients is it's very similar to like The Matrix. Basically, I'm showing y'all how to plug into the matrix and and do the code. And it's funny, you know, when I was working with Rick Pino, he would say, hey, Jeremiah, did you plug into the matrix today and get that like, it was like, he saw it like that. And really, when I look when I use AI, because I go so fast through it, it's kind of like doing that. And so if you're able to plug into the matrix, learn new information that you don't know, and then go out there to help change your life and other people's lives. Because that's really it. Coaches changed lives. Angela, I want to ask you this. We both our life was changed when we met a coach named Danny Johnson. Yes, our life was changed by that. And you want to help change other people's lives that same way. Yeah. And coaches change lives?

[1094:13] Speaker 8: Yeah. It's a ripple effect. Yeah. Because when we're impacted with coaches, and then we in turn through our journey are able to impact others, it continues to spill over.

[1098:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Exactly. Exactly. It's great. And so that's the thing is is like having that vision for Who are you going to impact? And instead of having the vision of okay, how can I fix all the problems that aren't working out? Right? Um, I want you to think about what is the dream life that I want to create and start to visualize that life that you want, start to see that life that you want. That's a healthy exercise is to start to imagine that life while doing so with an open hand while being detached from needing it to be that way. Right. I have a few little things like I really really really want to own my own private jet one day it's a big thing I want to be able to travel and help people faster. You know more than I can just on Zoom I really love meeting people in person. But how I'm gonna get there, I'm not sure you know, it might be through it could be through inheritance at the at the rate my mother's going, you know, with her stock trading. I see her being a billionaire with her investments, you know, or myself growing in my own way and creating an income and impacting people do that but here's what I what I look at, okay, how can I stay fit Full today with what God's put in front of me. What does God put in front of me a group of people that are coaches and course creators that want to know how to create offers and right offer copy that attracts the right clients using paid ads. And I used to get frustrated, like, I was like, Man, I hate I hate talking about this. I hate talking about this topic, when it's actually the number one topic that everybody comes to me for and ask for help with. It's the number one thing that when once I teach it to people, they get it, and they see the most results. So I started saying, Okay, I gotta, I gotta accept where I'm at in life right now and make the best of it, and be a good steward of what God's given me. And I think that's an important thing is we be we when we show that we can be responsible with the life that we have right now, even with all of its chaos and limitations and all of that. What ends up happening is, is that we, we go to the next level, and we expand our reach, we expand our impact, we expand our influence. So if you're like, I want to influence more people, but only a few people are showing up. It's because we're still, there's still some some ways we got to stay faithful with what's in front of us right now. And make the best out of that. question that was posed to me by a by Alex Hermoza, who wrote 100 million dollar offers is, if you could build your entire business today, without acquiring one new customer, what would you do differently? What it means is, if I could build my business today, what even if I never got another customer, but I had to make more money? How would I out serve those people better? And that's what I think about more than anything else is how can I serve people and deliver results better? And it and it comes from not from me trying to it actually comes from Me not trying to I just listen to people and I help in the way that I know how to help? And if I don't have an answer to that question, I say I don't know the answer to that. And, and then then I create my offers around what's the lane that I can help people with running paid ads, creating offers, writing copy, growing their email list? Okay. So listen, I'm thankful for everybody's here. I'm thankful for this. This group right here. Obviously, you have something to say.

[1157:44] Speaker 9: I just wanted to say one sentence. I feel like hugging everyone is that okay? I give you a virtual hug. If you want to receive it, if you don't want to receive it, I'm just fine with

[1161:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: always in our client growth accelerator along with Lila and so we given everybody a big Virtual hug you guys can do this. You really can I truly believe it. I'm excited, you know those that are ending that are watching the recording to this VIP. So I said it would take five to seven days to get the recording up in there. It is going to take that long. I just say that because in case I forget, it'll take that long. But I am putting the link to the Zoom call into the VIP into the members area so you can access the recordings of these VIPs just via the Zoom call link that's in the members area when you log in there. So all right, everybody, this has been great. Have a good one. I'll see you all tomorrow.

