Day 2_ Build Your Own 6 Figure Coaching Business
Date: 2022-08-17T16:57:11.000Z
Duration: 68 min
Otter ID: clvhH6G43J2T9uHCcTlnx5nVdE4
---

[61:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome, today number two who's excited? Who's excited here for day number two. I'm excited. I'm excited to be here with you. I'm excited to work with you today to help you build a six figure coaching business

[68:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me know where you're watching from. We're gonna get started in about 30 seconds. 30 seconds just let some people get on a lot of people they set the timer for the exact time of day. This is great. We already got a bunch of people on live make sure the microphone setup good. All right.

[75:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who's excited to be here? We got Tampa and Anita Michelle, Louisiana. We got Billy How many of you like day one? Day two is going to be even more exciting. All right, everybody. Turn off the music Hear and the timer. There we go. And there's my desktop. So welcome back to day number two of the Build Your Own six figure coaching, business training. How many of you loved day number your number one? How many of you are in the VIP? How many of you love the VIP? How many of you thought the VIP was awesome and amazing and, and think that the people that don't have the VIP should probably think about jumping into it. Let people know they loved it, they loved it, they loved it. That's awesome. Honestly, like the VIP was my favorite time of yesterday. And again, you can upgrade to VIP by clicking the link to ask me questions. And we get to go over your specific unique area that you need coaching with to build a business because that's the thing, honestly, like it takes being able to ask questions from a mentor somebody that can help you somebody that's been there before somebody that can walk you through the process to actually get to where you want to go. And that's what I'm here for these five days together. If you went through the first day, we set the foundation, we set the foundation for you of what it's going to take the mindset, you got your mindset, right, how many you were doing your affirmations? How many you are doing your affirmations? How many you're like, I'm not so sure about those affirmations. It's okay, it's okay. You'll get there eventually. They work they really do they really work. And when you can get your mindset thinking in a way. I'm not gonna be talking about mindset all the day, by the way, but I gotta at least start with it for a few minutes. If you can get your mindset thinking in a way that is conducive towards conducive towards means it is set up in a way to support you building a six figure business, your chances of success greatly increase. Most of us, if we're being honest, are not living our lives in a way that supports building a successful six figure coaching business. I know I wasn't even when I started my business, I had been working with a number of coaches and helping them. But I wasn't living my life. In a way I didn't have boundaries, I was letting everybody pulled me to and fro based off of what they wanted me to do. And I was I didn't have a lot of self esteem. I didn't believe in myself. In fact, I struggled with anything related to selling anything because I didn't think that I was worth it for people to pay me any money. And so that's why I gave away a lot of my stuff for for dirt, cheap, 47 bucks, 27 bucks for trainings and some of the best trainings out there on Facebook ads and website building. And I practically just gave them away to people. Because I didn't have the level of self esteem, I was doing coaching for less than $200 an hour with people. Now you can't coach with me for less than $1,750 an hour. If that's just to get started. You can't work with me for under just under $2,000 per hour. And so that came by believing in myself that came by believing that I can make that much and by doing the affirmations by visualizing myself building my business and right now we have a couple different income streams, this six figure coaching income stream, multiple six figures. In fact, we also have a six figure consulting income stream. Very soon, we're trading stocks. I've been in my stock, my mom's stocks program, we're gonna have a six figure stock market income stream, and very close to having a seven figure income stream overall with all the different things that were going on seven figures per year. And so what does it take for you to get to six figures. As I mentioned yesterday, I've been helping business owners build their businesses, eight figure coaching programs. For the last 19 years. I was actually just on the phone with my mom today.

[147:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Those y'all I was talking about mom, I was talking about how her and I were working together, building her business together. And she she reminded me she's like, she's like I need you to never forget. Literally this one my mom told me that you were the one that was telling me what to say. helping me with the marketing and and how to close more sales and scripting what we were doing in these ads in these marketing campaigns to get clients and that you were the ones well my mom was telling me Jeremiah that was helping and I completely forgot that literally, before I was even coaching or teaching or doing that I was I think like when I first got started, I was coaching my mom and Tom challen and Danny Johnson. on how to what to say on video, and but it's interesting. That's the number one thing that people come to me for today. They say Jeremiah, what should I say? What should my copy say? What should my video say? What should my ad say? What should my social media content say, and I could sum up how I help people the most, like, the value that you're gonna get in these days with me, is I'm gonna help you know exactly what to say, and how to find out what the exact words are, that are going to produce the result. A huge thing is, I don't want to skip too far ahead of this. But your energy that you bring forward is important. Here's the thing. I'm actually pretty tired today, I had a lot going on, I got up really early 430, this morning, did a whole way too much. You don't want to hear what my day was, it was just a lot of stuff. I'm actually pretty tired. But I can put myself into a state of heightened energy to be here to serve you guys. And sometimes that's a choice that we need to choose to do, even when we don't feel like it. Even when we feel like we can't. That's how you serve your clients the best. Now what I love to do, and I tell people this is you're not going to market your business well, with doldrum energy, downer energy. I've had clients send me videos. They're like Jeremiah, how's this video for marketing, and they're like, Hey, go, go buy my product, go check it out. And I'm like, the energy is really low. They're like, well just try it. And it bombs and it fails. A lot of people are wondering why their marketing fails. And it's because their energy is so low. And so you actually have to treat it like you're an actor on Hollywood, to where you're, you're you're playing the role when you're marketing of a scene of an actor, somebody who has to come across with a certain level of energy that motivates and excites people, and shows that you are passionate about what you're selling, and truly make that come from a real place. For me, I am super passionate about helping people get extremely rich and coaching. And the reason why is this totally selfishly, right, super selfish. If I can help you get rich coaching, I'm probably gonna get pretty rich in the process. Okay, sounds like it's pretty great. It's pretty awesome. But those who are saying, well, Jeremiah, that's great. That's great. That's great. But how do I get started? And this is one of the number one questions that people ask. So that's what we're going to talk about today is how you actually get started. In this. I know not everybody had followed the same path as me, you found this ad, you've seen this ad, or maybe you've said, Okay, I want to get into coaching, we got two different types of people here. Either you're already an expert in some kind of area already. Or you want to coach to make money, or both. Okay. So it's usually you're already an expert in some kind of area and you want to make money. Or you're not really an expert in an area. But you still want to make money with coaching. This is going to help both you and here's the reason why. All of my clients that I know of that have been experts have had to change their niche as they went along. I don't know anybody who hasn't at least changed their niche once. And so I hear some really bad advice in the coaching industry. That making sure your niche is perfect in the beginning is the most important thing. It's terrible advice. It's hurting people. It's leading people. Oh, okay, I'm gonna go on a rant here, you're ready. There are coaches and trainers out there that are intentionally leading people down the slow path

[225:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: to success. Because it makes them more money to make you codependent on them. And to make it harder for you to actually succeed. And so they give you activities to distract you that take a lot of time so that you stick with them longer. And if you're with me, you're not going to get that I want you to succeed as fast as possible, and make as much money as fast as possible. And if you make a ton of money and never talk to me again, I'm happy about that. I don't help people create coaching programs that create codependent people that are dependent upon the coach for their survival. and it makes me really sad when I see this in the coaching industry, people creating dependent children upon themselves, doing activities, like you would a child in preschool, just to keep them busy and paying the money. And so this mindset is why people get stuck on it. There's somebody they registered for this. I know for a fact, I talked to them five years ago, and they know who they are. And they are still in the same place that they were trying to come up with the plan for what they're doing, trying to come up with their plan for their course. That's great. That's great. And that's awesome for some people. But at the end of the day, you just have to as as my brother in Christ, Jamal Miller says, he ran an event like this, shut up in launch, and set a talking about it, do it, instead of dreaming about it, make the decision to do it. And make the decision that 70 or 80%, good enough, is good enough to launch your niche. Seriously, it is waiting until you have 100% certainty to launch your business is choosing to fail. Because you will keep waiting and keep waiting and keep false starting and keep coming up with different ideas coming up with different ideas. I said this yesterday, most of my clients only take 14 days per idea to profit, they go from 14 days to profit from the time they had an idea to profit even in the beginning. Because they're not afraid of saying the wrong thing, putting the wrong thing out there appearing bad. They're not afraid of ruining the I've heard this one, this one's the worst, ruining their reputation, because they put something out there that wasn't perfect. That's the worst mindset on the planet that people have, when it comes to coaching is this perfectionistic mindset that they have to do something in a certain little pretty little box. And it has to be a certain way before they put it out there or it will fail and that they are a failure and that they're not good enough and they're not worthy of selling. You have to believe in yourself that you are worthy of selling what you're offering, and make it good enough, not perfect. And take imperfect action. And that starts with finding your niche. finding your niche should be the shortest amount of time that you spend on any activity with building your six figure coaching business. And you're going to be by the end of today. If you don't have your niche, you're going to know it. And if you don't, I'd love to talk with you. I'd love for you to DM me. I just had a coaching call with somebody, the reason why they've had so much trouble finding their niche. Honestly, they came from a technical background of accounting and computer programming where things are black and white, perfect logic has to be perfect black and white before you move forward or there's an error applying that thinking that coaching will lead you to destruction, it will keep you broke. There is no such thing as black and white when it comes to finding your niche marketing, selling and coaching people other than getting people results. That's it. And so start with what are three ideas that you have 123 for your niche. I actually have the document where I found my ideas originally when I first launched this business I have it right here

[307:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me see if I can find it. When I first launched this business, I had a number of ideas that I was going to do for my niche. I remember what a couple of them are were number one websites. Now here's the thing. These were niches that I had to choose to do. Number two, technology tools for mom and pops and number three, number three was how to run and get clients to virtual events. Add live events. This was pre COVID. Interestingly enough, I ended up consulting people in this area. But I ended up launching with websites. And now to this day, most of what I teach is related to getting clients to events. And so I actually launched with, quote unquote, the wrong niche, but I launched it just to see what what happened. Because I knew that I felt passionate about people having the right website using Squarespace. I screwed up, messed up, made a mistake, did the wrong thing. Wasted time launch something that didn't produce the best possible result, I wasn't a perfect steward of my time. These are all the things that we tell ourselves that we that we must be before we launch. And yet I was a total failure at it. Even though I had built eight figure companies. Even though I had built eight figure businesses. It made some good money, I think I made like $3,000 not quite enough to live off of. And then I made nothing after that. And I looked at okay, what is going on here? I know that people need websites, I know that they need websites. And I spent a year trying to convince people that they need they need websites, and they need me to coach them on websites did not work out. Until I realized that what people actually come to me for is how to get business and how to get clients. And then I pivoted to that the next year, and I launched my Facebook ads course, I sold $20,000 of that Facebook ads course. Awesome. But it wasn't recurring revenue. And I didn't have a coaching program. And so I created different courses. My offers course sold about $5,000 of that one. Okay, that's pretty cool. But why didn't I sell 20,000 Like the Facebook ads one?

[358:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was because I was so afraid of doing the wrong thing. During that time, and I was going based off of just what I knew that I could do that I launched it, but it didn't work out until I started getting feedback from people. And so I want to ask you this question. Have you talked with anybody else about your idea for your business? For your coaching business? Have you talked with anybody else about launching your coaching business about putting it out there and about getting clients? Have you bounced your ideas off of a trusted confidant? somebody that you trust somebody that you can share your ideas with? Somebody that is going to give you their opinion? That is not going to just be a yes man or a no man. And that knows you? Have you bounce your ideas off of trusted people? For your niche, come up with three ideas. This is what I ended up doing. I ended up bouncing my ideas off of a number of different people. And some of those people gave me really bad advice. Some of them did. I didn't have to take it. But I ended up landing on the fact that okay, I need to pay attention to what all of these people are saying. Are you actively helping people right now? Solve problems in their lives? Do you have a passion for anything in your life? Are you passionate about anything at all in your life? Anything at all? Any area in your life? Do people come to you asking for advice about certain areas of your life, about certain things that you can help them with? I'm pulling up a document here. So this is from my course irresistible offers itself. What skills do you bring to the table? What are you passionate about that helps and relates to other people? What are you passionate about in general? that lights you up and that you would love to help people with what as well? Well lessons have you learned in the last five years that you can help another person learn that same lesson?

[404:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is your target customer passionate about? First, we got to answer this question who is our target customer? Who is the person that we want to help? We want to start with who first, everything is based off of who your niche is not some random thing out there. It's a group of people that exist, that you can help solve problems for? What are their biggest problems? And frustrations? And most people usually throw up the cop out answer of I don't know. Okay, great. Let's answer that. So if you didn't know, how would you figure it out? Well, I don't know. Okay, great. Do you have conversations with people? And ask them about problems? Do you talk with friends? Or are you just a loner that sits around and spends time on social media scrolling, and never talks to anybody? If that's the case, I'd recommend that maybe you get some friends, maybe you jump into some different Facebook groups, if you're just in this to say, I want to make six figures, coaching people, and you literally don't talk to people, ever, you're going to have a bad time. Here's why. Because when you're coaching people, and you're expecting them to give you six figures of their money, you have to understand people, human beings that are out there, and here's the thing, people are scary, they're abusive. They're mean, they say mean things, they frustrate us all the time. And so we have to step into talking with sometimes the very people that terrify us to discover information on what are their problems and frustrations? What are they passionate about? Just parroting and forcing down people's throats? What you want to give them saying you're gonna take this information because it's good for you. Literally, I know people that that do that is not going to produce results. And that's not what coaching is. Coaching is about asking questions. And being able to listen more than you speak, to be able to help lead another person to a result. And you don't have to be an expert in the certain area. That's you're helping coach somebody in. There's a difference between expert training and coaching. Now you can combine the two. And this is the hybrid that I like to do is a hybrid of courses and training areas that you know that you're helping people with and how do you know what to make in the course? What is the pattern across the board, that that that once you have, like 50 people that you're coaching, that all of them have the same problem. Instead of you having to say the same thing to 50 people, you just record it on video, and you tell it to 50 people all at once right now there's over 50 people on the stream across all platforms. I'm telling this information to over 50 people and probably another 50 are gonna watch the recording. So I'm training people on that. Then when they come into the VIP, I'm doing some VIP coaching, where they asked me questions, I asked them questions back and we'd get to do that. And so the idea is you create what's called a feedback loop. And the feedback loop is where your target audience of human beings tells you what they want. And then all you do is just give it to them. Okay. You literally find a group of people and you just give them what they want. My client Rick Pino did this, and it helped grow his business. People wanted training from him on how to become a famous worship songwriter. He didn't want to give them that training because honestly, his heart isn't about creating famous worship leaders. But at the end of the day, that's what people want to do exchange money with him for. They didn't really want to exchange money to do a Bible study about worship, even though that's what he wanted to help them worth. And so he had to actually humble his own ego a little bit. I know this because I worked with them, and realize that we need to bait the hook with what people want.

[483:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so for me, I launched my business was web with websites, right? Everybody on the internet needs to be on the web. And they probably, and if they're listening to me, they need to be running social media content, and paid social media ads, eventually. So that's everybody out here. But here's the thing. My niche is coaches, trainers, authors and mentors. Let's say this is all the people out there that are online internet entrepreneurs, people wanting to make money on the internet, this is all the people online wanting to make money on the internet, okay. These are all the people that this is the this is all the Internet people. The smaller circle is all the people that want to make money on the internet, using social media. There's a whole group of people that want to make money on the internet without ever touching social media, without ever talking on camera, without ever appearing on camera. And I don't really help those people. I just don't. That's not my niche. In the beginning, though, I was trying to and I was being frustrated. Like I said, I wasted a whole bunch of time. I say that because I hear people, literally they tell me the reason that they won't launch their business is they're afraid of wasting time, they're afraid of being a bad steward of their time. They're afraid of being irresponsible with the resource and gift of life that God gave them. So they won't launch anything. It's ridiculous. To be honest, it really is. They're bringing religious crap into their business, and calling it good. By doing that. I'm a Christian, and I bring God into my business. But bringing religious crap and rules like that, that's gonna keep you broke, that you you must be a good steward of your time, or better be perfect. This idea of like, it's perfect, because for God, it's so dumb. It really is. So I was trying to help all the internet people make money. But I realized my niche is on social media. Okay, great. So now I was trying to help all the people that wanted to make money on social media. And this was still a waste of time for me. Because that includes network marketers, ecommerce, mom and pops, affiliate marketers, all these different people. And while they engage with me on social media, I started to do some research about this time, this is about two years into everything. By the way, you don't have to take two years to do it. If you actually follow what I'm saying in this training. I took two years to do it because I was so stubborn. And had my head so far up the tailpipe in my car that I was just I was really prideful and stubborn about it. And so I was trying to help all the people that were on social media. And I ended up doing over 450, free 15 minute coaching calls. I gave people a form on Calendly, where they could schedule a call with me for free for 15 minutes. And they would fill out a questionnaire. And I would listen to them and about 20% of them became coaching clients. Pretty cool. The other 80% didn't, and I never heard from them again. And so you want to know what I thought I thought, Huh? Oh, let me take a look at what this 20% That became a coaching client. It's about 20% What do they have different than the other 80%? By the way, I wouldn't recommend you do 450 15 Minute Calls. Please go. It was one of the dumbest things I ever did in my life. You would be much better to do a live training like this and have some kind of an entry question like I did when I launched this. When you joined the Facebook group. I asked what's your number one problem? What's your number one frustration? What would you like to learn out of these five days? I'm learning through marketing what you guys want to learn. You guys want to learn how to serve clients excellently With your coaching, and deliver results, that's the number one thing that everybody wants. You want to know, how do I get more clients to pay me money? That's number two. And how do I find my niche? That's number three.

[564:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Those 20% of people that actually paid me money 95% of them will fill this in 95% of them. Were coaches, trainers, mentors, authors, speakers, and people putting on live events. 95% of the people 99% of the people actually who have paid me money in the last 19 years. Were coaches, trainers, speakers, mentors, authors, and people doing events that needed to get clients that wanted to know how do I use offers? How do I use ads? How do I use sales copy? How do I grow my email list. And so I looked at, okay, so I have been under serving 80% of these people and not helping them and ignoring almost the exact people are actually paying me money. And I immediately pivoted my business, this was in December of last year, towards only focusing on these people. Based off the feedback loop, we got to get back to the feedback loop based off the feedback loop of what other human beings on planet earth that have a pulse that have a heartbeat that breathe that fog of a mirror when you put their nose up to it. I talked with other humans, and the ones who paid me money that came to me the most. See, they were all coming to me on how to get clients, they were all coming to me on how to get sales. So I at least realize, okay, I know I need to help people get sales, I need to help people get clients. But the ones who really, really, really took it to the next step with me, that I resonated the most with. Were coaches and trainers. And so ask yourself, What's the biggest result and outcome that people can get in your life that in their life that you can coach? What's their biggest objection to getting that outcome? Who are your target customers biggest influencers? And then what can you sell or create to serve these people? Whether it be do it yourself, that's like a course done with you. That's a coaching program. By the way, you can charge more. For each of these levels, of course, you charge the least amount for because it's just pre recorded, done with you is coaching. And then Done For You is where you do it for them. I charge over $20,000 to do the work for somebody, if I'm doing it with them, it's $1,750 an hour. If it's do it yourself. It's as low as 166 bucks a month.

[617:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you can answer these questions about what are you passionate about? How can you help people? Who do you want to help? What are some areas that you can help people with? What's an area that you can bring positive impact to people's lives? And you and you give yourself permission to choose the wrong thing. You give yourself permission for it not to be perfect. You can start to have success as a coach. And I recommend people they take three ideas. What are the top three ideas that keep bouncing around in your head as you want to coach people on? Go for a walk or go for a drive for 20 minutes. There's something meditative about going for a walk or going for a drive it gets us out of our brain and we stop over processing and overthinking. What is the thing that excites you the most you could also go work out at the gym, those you that workout. It's another great way to do that. Of those three ideas which one emotionally lights you up the most. That's the niche that I would pick. To start with. For me it was websites and then it started to change and transition to social media ads, and then to coaches and trainers yours probably going to change in the next year or two as well as I start to dial it in even more, just like Rixton does that is, is Rick Pino making a million dollars a month the complete and total epic failure? Because he had to change his niche? No, he's not obviously I think I hope we're, I hope we're past that part of this that you think that it has to be perfect in the beginning. It doesn't have to be perfect in the beginning, it's not going to be perfect in the beginning. And that's by design, the most perfect thing that you can do is recklessly launching your business. I'll say that, again, the most perfect thing that you can do is recklessly launching your business. Without caring or worrying, is this going to produce a result. And I know that that goes against everything that has been beaten into us by our parents, our teachers, our mentors, and people that are well meaning. But if you want to actually make real money, and not just waste time, trying to play coach, and you actually want to make money, it's a requirement of you to take imperfect, reckless action to do so without perfect certainty of what result it's going to produce. Without knowing is this going to pan out perfectly, and launch it out to the world. You're not even beginning to start until you recklessly launch something out to people to get feedback from them. To see, does this resonate with people. And that, my friends, is what's going to help you find your niche and produce results. You will never, I mean this, I have never seen a human being I just I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it in my entire life. 19 years coaching, have seen one person choose their perfect niche from day one. And and it was perfect, I just haven't. But not choosing because you're afraid of it not working out. Because when you were a teenager and things didn't work out, you got beaten for it, you got punished, you got verbally abused, or when you worked at a job and things didn't go How It Should you got verbally abused by your boss. And now you're verbally abusing yourself and telling yourself you better do it perfect, or else you got to rewire your brain to not think that way. And for me, it actually took working with a therapist to do so I had to talk with somebody through this, because I had gone through so much trauma and abuse, that it was physically impossible for me to take action on what I was what I must do to be outstanding as a coach. There are people right now watching this,

[694:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you have found it physically impossible inside of you, you literally almost become sick to your stomach and want to throw up thinking about putting your stuff out there and it not producing a certain result. And it stresses you out so much that is always tied to trauma and fear 100% of the time, because your body is physically manifesting the fact that it it thinks that you're going to die. Inside of our brain it is designed to protect us and keep us from getting eaten by a leopard. And so by doing that your brain is working on a hard core that it will literally projectile vomit if you approach what it believes is unsafe and dangerous for most people. And yet they have to take action and learn to not allow those feelings. Be the Master and Commander of their life. Whatever you fear has total authority and power over you and you're powerless to it. Unless you choose to not be and to move past it. I'm going to say that again. Whatever you fear has total authority and you are powerless to it unless you explicitly choose to not be and make a choice to have more power inside of you than the thing that you're terrified of and sometimes you got to do it scared. Sometimes you got to take action scared Sometimes you got to pick a niche, scared of it, not producing a result, wasting time for you, not working out, not producing six figures, not gaining traction, not getting clients to trust the process. I don't want you to get stuck in the process, like those coaches that waste people's time just to steal their money processing through their niche for five years and pancaking their brain into thinking that they're actually being productive. Oh, you're doing a great job. Oh, you're doing a great I mean, I mean, yes, we want to be positive reinforcement. We want to be around people that have positive reinforcement, but the at the end of the day that there comes some accountability and personal responsibility. Why haven't you moved forward yet? I asked my coaching clients that all the time. Well, it's been two months, we came up with your offer two months ago, why hasn't anything moved forward yet? Well, I've had a lot going on well, and we get down to it. And it usually boils down to some kind of fear that came from their previous job, where their previous boss, or their mom or dad said something, or their ex husband said something about it, and it's spinning around in their brain, and they're letting those words become their words and become a self fulfilling prophecy in their life. And that's usually what ends up with people. And I'm on a mission to break people free from that. I'm on a mission to help coaches take action, to take imperfect action. If you can start to take action on the ideas that you have, you will become unusually successful. When you start to compress time, and shrink the amount of time that it would take you to do something, you become successful. I just had somebody today actually asked me, How in the world, can you build a coaching business with less than 14 days at work? When you have kids and you work a job? Well, here's the thing. Most people think that it's supposed to take them 100 hours 100 hours of work per week, to produce the result that they need to and they look at that and they're like, that's impossible for me. That's ridiculous. What if you could get 100 hours worth of work done in less than four hours?

[764:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Would that be worth an investment to you? To learn how to do that. That's what we're going to be doing these the next three days is to show you how to take what normally takes 100 hours of work. This has been the first hour right here, identifying your niche again, Have you have you written down three ideas. Again, you need to do it. Even if you're afraid of it not being good enough. Write down on a piece of paper three ideas for your niche. Start to think about those ideas. And which one still resonates and excites you next week. That's the one that you wouldn't need to start with. And don't let your brain talk you out of it. Because it thinks that it's not good enough. That's how you find your niche. It's that simple. And the next three sessions, we're going to talk about getting clients, what are the right words to say? How do you sell to people? How do you close sales? How do you get people to give you money for your coaching? How do you attract the right clients? How do you do so without it taking you all these hours? How do you 20x return on your ad spend? What's the blueprint that produces these results? What's the right way to price your programs how to do so without being slimy and pushy. And, and focus on the positive impact that you have with people how to make more money than you ever made before without stress without burnout working five to 10 hours a week, instead of that 100 hours. That's what I'm going to show you how to do these next next three days. And for those of you that are in the VIP with me, again, we're gonna be able to dive deeper into this because I know that I triggered something in some people and we're gonna have to talk about that. And we're gonna have to talk a little bit deeper about some of that to help get you guys to that next level. What's one of the ways that you can compress time like this? Okay, if you have kids, if you have a job, you don't have 100 hours to build your business. But what if you had four hours one hour a day? See if you can get the same amount of stuff done. With less time, you're able to accelerate yourself beyond where everybody else is. And this is the number one reason why most people fail at building their own coaching business is they have an idea of how long they think it should take. When 98% of most of the time 96% of most of the time that people spend is a complete waste of time. The process for building your offer for building your your coaching is actually extremely simple.

[811:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Number one, you pick your niche. Number two, you figure out okay, what am I going to offer these people, maybe we'll do a course. And we'll give them one hour of coaching a week. And we'll charge $997 for this. So they get a course that's pre recorded, plus an additional one hour a week for eight weeks. Boom. Okay. So if you look at a clock, how long did it take me to write that up? Maybe about 60 seconds. Somebody you're like, well, Jeremiah, you've been doing a long time, it only took you 60 seconds, it's going to take me 10 weeks to come up with that? No, it doesn't have to, it doesn't have to. The only reason it takes people longer than that is because they talk themselves out of what should I do six weeks, should I do eight weeks, should I do four weeks, which one's the best and then they start asking a million people and then they're start second guessing and questioning themselves. And then at the end of it, they haven't done anything. And then they, they they plan out their course, they plan to make their course and then they write down the points of what their course is going to be. And then then they then they're like, well, I should put this lesson here that should do that. And then and then they talk themselves out of it. And then at the end of the week, they haven't done anything. And they're drinking their beer. This is what most people do. Instead of you make a decision quickly, you don't fear it being the wrong decision. And you just launch it out there. You make a page like this, I'm going to show you how to come up with the words to say in less than 30 minutes. Less than 15 minutes for most people. You can literally go to canva.com Designer graphic using one of their templates there pro there, the canva.com Pro offer. I said this the other week, and it really upset a lot of people. And I'm going to say it now, you don't need to spend time on branding. You don't need to spend a lot of time on designs, and doing a whole bunch of professional designs. Canva Pro is what's the price price of Canva pro Canva Pro is 1299 a month. And it's like having a Pro graphics designer in your pocket. So all you go here is you go to website header. You can pick one of these website header is right here. Okay, so I'm gonna put extreme fitness coaching. With Joe Dynamo. Right there less than 30 seconds, I just created a graphic using Canva that you can then throw on an offer and launch it out there. If anybody tells you that you need to spend more effort than using Canva to build your graphics and stuff for your business. They have an ulterior motive to have you hire them to spend 1000s of dollars with them to do more than that, and it will not produce more sales for you. It will not and that pissed off a lot of people when I told them that a lot of people Oh, you want to do you want a nice image with yourself? Hi there. I'm Naomi. I love helping people find themselves and experience a deeper connection with God. Okay, just, this is just random ideas for coaching that I came up with. And you can insert your picture right here, you upload it, and there you go. Like it's that easy to come up with graphics for your offers. And then we utilize a tool again, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm gonna walk you through it. Like Jasper. It's artificial intelligence to write your sales copy to write the words that go on your page. So we use that to come up with all The words that are on our pages, all the words on this page were generated, this whole page took me less than maybe an hour to make maybe two hour, two hours, I spent more time writing it because I was really tossing around ideas. But then I was like an hour to put together and Squarespace I just dragged and dropped the images, put the text in there, put the buttons on there, I added a little form that I connected to MailChimp looked at my calendar when the date was, and this is just a design on Canva that I took a photo that I had and change the text. That's it. That's all I do. That's all you need to do. And you can launch your coaching business that easily.

[891:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: It doesn't have to take a lot of time. And so we're going to talk about okay, how do you create your offer? How do you find your perfect offer? How do you find the perfect, irresistible offer that people can't say no to, to buy whatever it is that you're selling? Do you want to know how to do that. It's there's a system and a format, and a methodology to do that. And it's actually very simple. It takes less than 15 minutes, we're gonna go over this in the next three days together, is how to put together your perfect offer. So once you have your niche, once you know what your coaching program is, this is what you're selling. By the way, this isn't your offer, this is what you're selling. So for instance, for me, I have three things, basically, that I offer people, I need to explain this an offer and what you're selling are not the same thing. What you an offer, and what you're selling are not the same thing.

[913:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is what you're selling. This is what makes you money. The offer is what leads people to the thing that makes you money. And it gets people excited about buy buying what makes you money. And so we're gonna talk about building your offer, this is the key framework for getting clients. This is the number one thing that's gonna get you clients is by making more offers, by making more offers, the biggest thing that stops people from growing in their business growing in their coaching, is they're not making enough offers. And so we're going to talk about how to create your offer, how to identify what your offer is, what are the offer strategies that you need, how to prepare it, how to position your offer, how to make it, something that is easy for people to understand, how to attract leads to it, how to attract clients, how to identify what are their pains, what are their problems, what is the solution that you offer? And then finding as many people as possible that need that offer and directing them to it. Okay. So there's people that are out there on social media, social media, can everybody say social media, we got Tik Tok, Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, LinkedIn, social media. And so what you want to do is be able to find the group of people, the small group of people, it doesn't have to be a big group of people that want that already want, what you're offering them what your offer is, and you have to assume, okay, this is the big part, you have to assume that you're talking to the right person. One of the biggest things that I see that a lot of people do wrong when they're coaching and it makes mistake makes a huge mistake and loses the money and we're gonna go a lot deeper into this in the next couple of days as they're trying to honor and serve everybody. They're trying to Well, I don't know exactly, if you have this problem, you may have this problem. You may not. You may have this issue. You may not and they're and they're tiptoeing around walking on eggshells, trying to not be assumptive right. They read They read The Four Agreements. They read The Four Agreements. And they're they're, they're literally operating out of agreement number three of the Four Agreements by Don Miguel ruedas, which it's an interesting book, I agree with, be impeccable with your word. Don't take anything personally, always do your best. But when it comes to marketing and making offers, the worst thing you can do is not make assumptions. In every other part of your life, operate that way. Don't make assumptions. Don't make assumptions. If you want to actually make six figures, as a coach on social media, you have to make hardcore strong assumptions about who the people are that you're talking to, and completely isolate the people that are not that don't fit into your niche. When I'm talking on social media, I am completely isolating anybody when I'm marketing, that is not a coach, not a trainer, not a mentor, not trying to get results. Not trying to get clients. There's a number of people that follow me that are not that person. But I make the complete assumption that I'm only ever talking to people that are going to buy from me. And so most people, most people make the mistake in their coaching, they end up making offers by not making assumptions, and they're operating out of that third agreement of don't make assumptions. And their offer falls flat. It doesn't produce results, they lose, they lose money on their advertising.

[992:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: The algorithms on social media are designed to show your content only to the people that the content is made for. So when you make assumptions, you're actually training the algorithm when you assume who you're talking to. When you assume that you're talking to your target customer. When you assume that you're talking to the right person. It it literally trains the robots in social media, to show your offers to only those people as much as it can. And when it does it, you'll probably get some really negative comments from people. You're a scammer. You're a crook, you're a con artist. But that's a good thing. Because it means that you triggered a nerve in people, the more negative comments you get in your marketing, the better you are at what you're doing. The more negative hatred that you get in your marketing, and your social media, the more on track you are with your offer to actually start to make money. And so I can count every single time that we've made a ton of money. We had the worst, most negative comments from people about how they were how we were so wrong about what we were talking about. Great, I'm not talking to you. But the algorithm for some reason showed my my content to you. Big work, and you learn to develop thick skin and you learn to not be afraid of what other people think about you. And you'll learn to not be shaken by other people's opinions. By doing this. Again, I am somebody that operates all the time out of kindness, and compassion. And I care about people. When it comes to building a business, having thick skin doesn't violate that. It just means that I'm not for everybody. And I'm not going to please everybody already on this broadcast, I've lost about 10% of the people. They didn't like what I had to say, compared to yesterday. I'm looking at the data here, I probably have about 30% Less people from yesterday on today. Maybe they'll watch the recording. But there's a group of people where they didn't like what I had to share and it triggered something in them and they weren't the right person. The rest of you that are here today, you are the right person. Many are called few are chosen. Think about that. Okay. When we do an event like this, most people don't stick through to the end, because they're not actually the right person that needs to hear what I have to share. They're not ready for it yet. So I only ever speak to the person that I know is ready to hear what I have to share. I make a complete assumption that I'm talking to the right person and the ones that I'm not later I hope I hope you find what you love. Looking for from somebody else. I'm not afraid of isolating other people from my marketing, segmenting them out, not reaching them, I can't be all things to all people. And when you do this, your offers start to succeed, they start to produce results, they start to produce money, your paid advertising ends up costing you 80 to 90%, less. Complete example of this, imagine it's costing you $500, to get somebody to sign up with you. If it was 90% less, it would cost you $100. So it's costing you $500, for somebody to give you $100, you're losing 400 bucks. But as soon as you start making assumptions, and you start making offers that are directly related to those people assuming their problem, assuming what their problem is, the cost comes down to this 100 bucks, and you actually start at least breaking even, and you stop losing money. And this is the number one reason why most people when they're marketing end up losing money. In their business, they end up losing money when they're trying to get clients because they're, they're not being direct. They're not speaking to the right target customer. And so I'm going to show you how you can use artificial intelligence and basic research and literally less than 15 minutes to figure out exactly how to speak to your target customer. The exact words to say that get them to buy from you. How many of you want that that's what we're going to be talking about the next three days. All right. Man, this has been a great day to this has been awesome. I'm so thankful for those of you that are here that were able to jump on this. The next two days are going to blow your mind. And day three is going to build upon all five of these all four of these days.

[1072:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: The last day, day five. They say day three. Yeah, normally I do three day events. But Day Five is going to be the crescendo where it all comes together and makes sense for you. And it's going to activate you to go take action. Okay. So for those of you that are in the VIP, I'm gonna see you in the VIP next I'm gonna again, like I said, I'm gonna go to the bathroom real quick. Take a drink of water. I'm going to hop on the Zoom call for those that aren't in the VIP. You can still upgrade with the link and I'll see the rest of you tomorrow. Have a good one, everybody.

