Coaching - Lesson 8
Date: 2022-03-02T00:47:25.000Z
Duration: 31 min
Otter ID: _TUHvvFU0k9IqkqjxLMVpnkHvXI
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when it comes to coaching, you want to use a model that is profitable that you can make money with. And this is where I think a lot of coaches, while they have a great desire to impact people, they struggle to have the right model. And so the right model is important for you. The model, though, is not as important as the marketing and I want to I want to stress this enough, I have a number of courses on my website, if you bought a bundle from me, you got all these courses that talk about advertising, Facebook ads, Instagram ads, tick tock ads. irresistible offers that sell,

[10:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: website building course creation, how to put all that together social media content creation, the marketing side of it, your marketing side of things, is how you pull people in, to work with you, to coach with you. And so promoting your coaching, again, is the most important part of that no matter what model that you choose, you're not going to make any money based on any of these models, any of the ways that you coach people, unless you are promoting and marketing, I literally can't stress that enough. If I could, like, just reach through the camera here. And and just impart like one piece of wisdom through this whole course through this whole thing. marketing and promotion is more important than how you deliver your product, how you deliver your coaching, how you connect with people, how you structure your program, all of that. It is it just is until you reach a million dollars selling and marketing are the most important focuses for you that you want. Now you need to have something to sell to people though, right? And so that's what we're gonna talk about, what are you going to sell. And again, what you sell is not your offer, irresistible offers that sell goes into your offer, which is the copy that you use the angle, how you explain it, how you talk about the pain points that the customer has to attract them, and bringing them in. And so that goes in depth on how to build out offers for your coaching program. So your program, again, we talked about one on one, coaching is not a sustainable way to build a business to make a lot of money is just not now short, you could actually make a pretty decent amount of money doing one on one coaching. But when I talk about building a business to seven figures, you can make multiple six figures with one on one coaching, definitely. But building it to seven figures, you're going to have to also do group coaching. Okay? So keep that in mind. No matter what model you sell, no matter what model you offer to people, and I've done one on one coaching. I'm building a group coaching program. However, I have built multiple group coaching programs to over 4000 members. And so how do we get 4000 people to sign up for a group coaching program? Here's one of the great thing, the cool thing is about a group coaching program one on one, coaching is pretty straightforward. It's not much to explain about it, you start to build an offer that explains to people the value that they're going to get and close them on buying from you, people are not going to invest in one on one time with you, unless they trust that you're going to deliver a result. group coaching has a few more features. The best group coaching programs usually include the following some trainings that people get. So that's why courses are a big part of the group coaching model. And I have a course called Easy course Creation Blueprint that teaches you how to create a course where you bottle up your greatest teaching into a course. Okay, then the group coaching, you have time where you do additional trainings, whether it be in a Facebook group, or we use tools like circle.so, that's a new tool that we're checking out. Or you could use a discord channel as well or a Slack channel, Discord, Slack, Facebook groups, or circle.so are all great tools. I'm writing them down right here that you can use to facilitate connection with people. Basically what you're doing is you're you're you're creating a learning environment for people, you're you're you're your duplicating sort of this, this group setting like a university, but how do you how do you impact 4000 people at a time? What's the most effective way to do that? You get them asking questions. And so the most important part of a group coaching program, it's having open dialogue, q&a, asking questions of them to get them to tell you what they're dealing with. And then also having them ask you questions and having live q&a. At least, I would say, minimum once a month twice a month is even better if you can even do every week that's even cooler. If you have people that do that. Now you'll notice, though, that when you start answering all the questions that people in a group program He's not really serving people at that level, they sort of run out of questions. We've ran into this with certain coaching programs to where people don't have any more questions. Because we answered them all on the trainings, we answered them all in the coaching, we answered them all in, in the teaching. And so but in the beginning, you got to get a feedback loop going, where you have people telling you what they need help with, what they want to learn from. So group coaching has a lot more to do with you being a teacher. And it's more connected to courses than even one on one coaching, because you are actually teaching a lot. You are you are teaching a group getting a dialogue, they ask you, you ask questions back, and there becomes a back and forth with a room of people. And you pull in multiple questions from people. This is why learning leadership is important. How are you going to lead a group of 4000 people, if you don't know how to lead a group of 10 people or five people, we mentioned leadership books further back in this course. And so that's going to make you much better at group coaching. I think leadership development is actually more important to a group coaching model than a single coaching model. Because you want to learn to disseminate your information, how you answer questions, how you take questions across the board to these people. And now a lot of people when they do group coaching, they say, you know, do I need certifications do I need to use certain systems and things like that, get get it out of your head that you need a bunch of complicated things to do coaching effectively, you really don't, you don't need certifications, you don't need to go through a bunch of training. If it makes you feel more confident, knock yourself out, that's fine. And you can build your program off of what you're certified. And I'm not knocking any of that. But you don't need it to be effective, you do need to at least understand what you're coaching on and help people with. So one program that we built that we helped was worship coach, it's people that want to learn how to be worship leaders how to worship grow in their walk with God, and, and there's over 4000 members in there. And so what it is, is, when they sign up, they get courses, they get a Facebook group, and they get monthly q&a. And people are paying $47 a month for this. Okay, and there's consistent members as well, they bi yearly, you want to make sure that you offer a yearly level that people can also subscribe with you, as well, with your group coaching program. Because you're gonna be able to run ads, by having a yearly level, some people may even want to get rid of a monthly level, we've seen this more and more, where people are only offering annual programs to require a commitment of people in their group coaching programs so that people can't just come in and out as they please. And that makes it much better for advertising and marketing. Because your profit margins are going to be there you find the people that are the most committed, and close them on a whole year with you. And that's a really effective way to do that is instead of just having it be fluid or transient, it's just a whole lot less work to manage yearly memberships versus monthly. But if you want to have that monthly recurring revenue, monthly is nice. Because if you don't want to work for like three or four months to promote a yearly

[133:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can have that monthly come in. And so there's there's some sides to that. I want to ask you this, here's the question, should you offer monthly or yearly? Or, or only monthly or yearly? Is? Do you want to have recurring money coming in each month, even when you're not working? If the answer is yes, then I would also include monthly as well. If the answer is no, I want to more scale this and fund the growth better, you're actually going to fund your growth better by only going with yearly. But you may have if you're not promoting at least for the first year, you will have some months where you're not bringing in anything because people already signed up for the whole year. So keep that in mind. Keep that in mind that there's a grind to it a little bit, especially in your first year of putting this out there. Now we have seen a number of programs scale to six figures a month. If you have a $47 a month program. Let's just do some math here. $47 a month. What's $10,000 divided by 47? Okay, we're looking at right around 200 members, that's very easy to get 200 people to give you 47 bucks a month with marketing. If they sign up for a year you can give it to them for $500 200 people paying you $500 That's $100,000 right away. And so when we were building with my mom's business, we had we were getting 400 new members every single month. And so we built that as well to close to 4000 wasn't members. And that was generating multiple, seven figures just off of those memberships, which is awesome. Because minimum it was $97 a month. So you do the math on that 100 bucks a month times 4000. Pretty, pretty good chunk of change coming in every single month from that model. And the model is the same. Two q&a is a week or two q&a is a month on one week, and then the next week. And then we had a training in between the q&a weeks. So it's q&a, training, q&a training. And then there was an archive of trainings and q&a is that people can go through. Now how do you want to build out that archive, again, one of the best tools that I know of, to build out an archive of trainings, and teaching and to archive your content as well as to sell your programs. My favorite one is Thinkific. Okay, I'm going to pull this up here. So Thinkific is my favorite platform that we use. As far as for coaching and courses, you can create course content, drip content, live lessons, course templates, assignments, you can even offer certificates. And so I use this for all of my courses, when you signed up with me, you signed up through Thinkific. Okay, and so we absolutely absolutely love the Thinkific platform, we absolutely love using their product, and it's been improving over time, too, I'm really happy with how they've improved it, how their pricing structure is, as well, they're one of the most affordable platforms that are out there, as well, at the just $49 a month, you can start to succeed at building a profitable coaching and course program. And the advanced pro level which I use is is the one that I use. And I love this. There's other ones out there, you know, how does this compare to say Podio? Right? Podio is another one. Podio alternative? Thinkific? Yep, Podio is right here. So Podio is, is slightly less, maybe $10 a month, I'm not as big of a fan of podia doesn't give you as many design elements. teachable is another one that you can use the Swiss Army knife, best one out there is Kajabi. Okay, so Kajabi is the best as far as for coaching and courses. However,

[200:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you to really get the tools that you want, you're going to be spending almost double and quadruple what you do at Thinkific. So while I love Kajabi, we use it for clients. Um, it's way more pricey, upfront. And I personally prefer think of it, okay, as the platform that you use to bring in customers. And you can set up recurring payments, you can set up monthly subscriptions, you can create an archive of trainings. And so the platform that you're watching this on right now is the Thinkific platform, this is the experience that people have, they can go through your courses. The way that I like to do monthly q&a is create a course for monthly q&a days. And then each q&a, make it a new lesson in the course kinda like how you see the lessons on the sidebar here in this course, see along the side right here, you would have like, January, February, March, and you have each lesson from the q&a is in there. And then you could based on the topic that you're teaching, have individual courses that you're doing. And that's the best way that I've noticed to do group coaching. And then you have everybody go into a Facebook group, when you have everybody go into a Facebook group, we're actually going to go into a live Facebook group right now. You want to have questions that they answer, okay. And so And here's the thing, not everybody is going to join your Facebook group, about 50% of your members are actually going to join the Facebook group. Some people just want the training and they just want to be emailed that. So you want to make sure that you're also emailing people as well, when you're connecting with them. So group questions and group rules are important. So you want to have certain group rules you can look at these rules right here. And and and even kind of pause the video and write these down and even copy these for for your own business. Just kind of modify them for what you need to do. So you can kind of pause the video right here read which we see right here. These are rules that you can copy for your group. And then questions when people come in. These are the easy questions. Did you purchase a monthly or yearly membership? And then you want to have the URL? Yes or no? What name did you use if you registered, someone registered for you list their name as well. And so this is important because people use different names. And then what email address did you use? Okay, so those three questions make it very easy for you or your customers. Service Department to find the people when they register, because they're going to use a certain name, and an email address that they use to sign up. Okay, and so then you can validate that they're a member as well. One thing that you want to do that I would say is in Thinkific, you can take notes on the person and write down a note, you can create a custom field and write down a note about the people, okay, and so those are private notes, what I like to do is put into the private notes, the name of their Facebook account, and the email address that they will you already have the email address that they use to sign up. So the name and link of their Facebook account is important, because if they're paying you monthly, you want to also be able to remove them if they're not paying you. Okay? So that's an important aspect of that is you want to document who they are, what account they used on Facebook, to be able to, to remove them if they're no longer paying you, okay? And so that helps you manage your group coaching program much better, by making sure that it's an exclusive environment that people only those that are paying, are allowed to get into, okay, and so then you deliver on that your offer that you deliver, you know, let's just let's go right here and check out an offer. Right here for a group coaching program. This is really kind of the archetype of a group coaching program that I would use. And this is built on Squarespace, by the way, this landing page. So you have the landing page that describes what the program is what they get streamed lessons, new classes every month live q&a, and a private community. And really, for most coaching programs, those are the four staples that you want to include, you want to include an archive of previous lessons, new trainings, live q&a And some community aspect. And then people will pay you for that. Okay. And so then you have different lessons on different products on there with that, okay,

[272:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: so keep that in mind. When you're building your program when you're building your group coaching program, that your goal is how can I facilitate conversation and connection with people that are out there to get their questions answered, to ask questions of them, and to be able to serve them to get a feedback loop going back and forth? From these people, where they're sending you in what they want to learn, and then you're able to ask them more unpacking questions, because here's the thing when you're coaching people, let's go back to the previous lessons. When you're coaching people, it's less about you talking and more about listening. So when you're in an active coaching, you want them to ask you questions, but then you're going to ask questions back, to clarify, to get again to the root issue, to help people solve their problems. And so getting to that root issue, again, you're you're leading people to solve those problems, based on you facilitating identifying that for them. And then if you have something that a lot of people are asking the same question on, that becomes a class that you record, that becomes a course that you record go through easy course Creation Blueprint, I teach you how to record courses, in less than seven days of work, if you want to very easily. The amount of work that I'm putting into this course, is, is it's less than seven days of work to record this course. Now, I spread it out over the course of a couple of weeks. But it was like the cakewalk, just recording this right here. One thing as well that I would recommend, if you would like a refresher on a topic that you're coaching people on, read through certain books. So here's a little hint for you. While I've been recording this course, I've been reading through different programs and teachings on how to create structure, build the best coaching programs, and what it's doing it it's refreshing me on the language of describing how we've best built programs to help disseminate that to you. So when you're coaching somebody else, it actually is helpful for you to listen to other teaching that's out there. The goal is not for you to have ultra original thoughts. When you're in a coaching environment. It's just not the goal for you is not to to be the first person that thought of this idea. Marketing that matters. When you're coaching people the goal is how can I bring the best information forward to solve the problem and create the result that the person is looking for. And so sometimes that's found by you reading other books, maybe going through other trainings, other programs and listening to others trainings to give yourself a refresher on those certain topics. Okay. And then when you teach you teach from a plate like right now I'm not teaching from notes that I took or anything from these books that I was reading, but I'm teaching from remembering the language and the cadence. And then I have a guide right here that I'm following. For what I'm teaching you again, I go through all of this in easy course Creation Blueprint, about how to create courses. So when you create a group coaching program, you want to have live classes, that people can plug into the ability to access an archive of classes, new live classes, live q&a, and some kind of a community where they can connect. And then that allows you to serve, teach, coach, train and raise up 1000s of people at a time. And if you're doing this effectively, and serving people effectively, they won't quit either. They won't quit. Why is that because they're constantly getting served with new stuff. So attrition and retention are a very important part of this. Here's a little bit of business IQ for you right here, it's much easier to retain a monthly client

[341:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: to keep your revenue up than it is to get a new one. And so by serving your existing monthly clients, and delivering the content that they want, and delivering the value that they want, consistently, you're able to sustain your revenue, much better. Okay, so the group coaching model is the model that you want to do in order to successfully scale a business. And then here's what ends up happening, you get 2000 4000, maybe even just 1000 members into your group program. By the way, I would make that your goal at least 1000 I've not built a group program that had less than 1000 people, I just haven't yet. We've built multiple we've helped coach people on I've not personally been involved with one that had less than 1000 people, and most of them have close to 4000. Okay. And so make 1000 people be your goal had cut in half 500. Okay. But then what you're gonna have is you're gonna have about 5% of those people, out of 1000 people, you'll have about 50 of them that are really serious and want the next level. Okay. And so you can sell them on one on one coaching. And that's a great model right there. As you grow, though, again, that's not sustainable. And so what you're gonna want to do is more than one on one coaching, and here's how you raise your one on one coaching rates is, let's say you have a group program that's 47 bucks or 97 bucks a month, and then your one on one coaching is $5,000. Okay? 1000 bucks a month, right? So we text, the rate of entry $1,000 a month, 50 people, it's 50 grand, it's pretty good. Okay, you're making about $150,000 in your business, let's say $100,000 a month in your business, you're making seven figures right here. If you have 500 people paying you 97 bucks, and 25 people doing one on one, that's still almost just under a seven figure business right there. Okay, so imagine that, okay. As you grow the group coaching the lower level, have a higher level of group coaching, that is $1,000 A month $2,000 A month, then when you do this, you can raise your one on one coaching rates to 10 to $15,000. To where somebody has to invest 10,000 to $15,000 with you for one on one coaching instead of just 1000. And you start to make yourself less accessible for one on one because you're offering value to people that can't afford it. You're offering so much value through your free content, your free events, your your your trainings, as well as your low cost group coaching 97 bucks a month, your mid tier, that's 1000 bucks a month for the people that are serious those 25 to 50 people that are serious, right? You're making seven figures doing that. And so then you raise the price of your one on one coaching to be five to 10 times what the group the higher level group coaching is. So what you end up having is you have two group coaching levels. This is the model that I love the most, because you're only ever working one on one with people that are ultra serious about doing the work, and they have the money to pay you and invest even 25,000 $40,000. This is not unheard of in the coaching industry, by the way to charge $40,000 for the highest level, and if they can't afford the 40,000, you might do a payment plan on the 40,000. That breaks down to right about, say three to 5000 a month. So so that's a that's a payment plan right there. If they can't afford that they can jump into your $1,000 level they can afford that they can jump into your $100 level. So you have these different levels that people go in. And that's an important thing to have. It's have different levels that people can climb, as they become more successful, and you serve people at these different levels differently. Okay, so you're serving the people at $97 a month exactly what they need at that level. And then they graduate to that higher level when they're making more money. Because they're ready for that next level. So then the higher level people you only ever have high level conversations with.

[418:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then the one on one people, they've been through all of those levels, you only ever have high level conversations with people, you could get to the point where you have a group coaching program that's $40,000. And you only do one on one for 100,000. And this is where I've seen a lot of people get to even a quarter of a million dollars for their one on one coaching. Now I know those numbers are astronomical, I've seen it in business, I believe that there's going to be a handful of people that are going to go through this course that you're going to get to that level, where you will command a quarter of a million dollars for your one on one coaching. I don't even command that right now. But I will. So I'm that's where I'm headed. So I'm getting to sure you'll serve people on your social media for free. That's why you gotta have your money mindset in order. So you got to have your brain in order to be able to make that kind of money. You can't feel guilty about charging money, and pricing out the little guy, you know, I saw some people on my social media, they're like, gosh, I can't believe you're charging that much for that there's people that need this help. I'm like I got free trainings, low level, like cheap trainings for free, low costs for people. I tried doing the cheap route, you don't serve people, you don't help them. You just don't by going the cheap route, people don't respect the training that they get from you, they really don't. They're more entitled. And so by charging more, you're able to attract the right clients, and build a model that helps you make the most amount of money. That helps you, you create the most amount of profit, and then you're able to scale from there. And so these are the business model sides of things that will make you the most amount of money. That's the best model that I can say, for coaching, right there is what I just described to you as the value ladder, have the different tiers based off of the level of client that you're serving. And what you can do is, so here's a mistake that I see a lot of people make is they start with all these tiers, but they have no clients, okay? Start with just one tier, whether it be a one on one or group coaching, or do a low level group coaching and a high level one on one, that's the best model that I'd recommend for people that start. Okay, once you max that out, add in another group coaching level in the middle of your one on one and raise your one on one rates. That model my friends will take you to multiple, eight figures. They really will. And the the the model, again, like I said is, is not what's going to take you there. It's your promotion. It's the mindset, it's the learning to communicate with your target customer. It's learning to put out offers that connect with people. That's what's going to create a profit for you. That's what's going to scale things for you. And so make sure that you go through irresistible offers itself, when you build this program, when you build out your coaching program to learn how to actually bring people in to become your clients, and then you start running ads to reach those people as well. All right, we're going to wrap up this course here in the next lesson, just a few more housekeeping things. And then we're going to send you off on your way. So I hope this has been helpful. I'd love to hear from you. Any questions that you have on this lesson? Any questions that you have about building programs out what you should use? By the way people ask stripe or PayPal, use both recommend both. Except for high ticket, I would only use stripe and even higher ticket I would actually do a wire transfer. If you're at 40,000. If you're taking 40,000 and I do a wire transfer because people can reverse those payments. Money Back guarantees here's a question about this. Here's something that you wouldn't realize the more money you charge the less you're going to to actually offer money back because the person who can afford that level desires it less, you think that it's different that the more that they pay, the more guarantees you got to put on it, it's actually the lower level products you give a guarantee on, and you build trust with that, by the time that they're at that next level they are, they're all in with you, and you're not going to need to do a guarantee. That's also why you don't want people that are not serious and ready to sign up with you at those levels. Because you're going to deal with a lot of that, okay, now, maybe at $5,000 If it was a group program, or $1,000, you could offer that we have offered that before, but you don't have to, okay, so keep that in mind. Do what you want to do on that. But realize you have to set aside some of that money for the for the money back just to make sure that you can facilitate those Okay, money back guarantee is a great way to attract people. But the people that need a money back guarantee often. You know, that's more of a low level type person because they they're on a tight budget. More serious client is not even going to need that from you. Because they're so sold in on this. Okay. So I'll see you in the next lesson. We'll talk

[499:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: soon

