VIP - Grow Your Coaching Business
Date: 2022-11-12T20:21:57.000Z
Duration: 54 min
Otter ID: wfONxJkXUsmEfSVXcS_Pi9VteV4
---

[4:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome all welcome, welcome. Welcome everybody in here to the VIP. We got so many people in the VIP right now. This is the largest VIP we've ever done, ever. So this is this is amazing. I'm going to actually stream this. I'm going to stream this out. I'm going to stream this out. Yeah. So if you don't want to be on camera

[14:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: take your camera off up doesn't look like it's gonna let me stream out. That's interesting. Oh, wait, no, no, it'll go here. Here we go. Boom. Go to restream.io. So how is everybody doing? How is today? How's today for everybody? Was it good? Awesome. Hey, I'm excited. That was fun to do. All of that in one session. Normally what I go over what I went over today. Normally I do I take five whole days to go through that. And so normally, I expand it out by five days. And I'm actually thinking of for all the VIPs I'm going to give you the recording of those five days. How's it sound? You're gonna get the recording of those five days, the last one that we did that is an insane value. I think I mix excited, this is gonna be fun. I thought about doing it. And now I know that I need to do it. Because if I don't, I'm doing everybody in here a massive, massive, massive disservice. So who who is a coach who is a mentor? That you have some questions? You want to know, how can I grow my coaching business? From zero to six figures? Where are you stuck out on the six steps? And and Or if you got questions about the client growth accelerator, I would ask that my accelerator students that are on here, refrain from asking questions unless we don't have anybody asking so um, but if you guys want to speak up and share your thoughts on some of the answers we're giving, because you're in the group you can you can definitely speak up on that and just unmute yourself and share what I'm sharing. So we've got a few members of the client growth accelerator here who's part of the accelerator right now that's in the room right now we got Lila rose, we got Tammy, who else is is Abbaye is on here, our base here. Our base a part of it. So that's this is awesome. Hey, Abby, can you come up on on camera here real quick, buddy. Hey, man, how are you? Listen, we were just texting back and forth about about Jasper and and creating some software that might even be a better fit for you guys. This, I tell them a little bit about the belt about you and about the client growth accelerator and how it's been for you since you jumped in seven weeks ago. Yeah,

[56:17] Speaker 1: it could take me less than 20 seconds. All what I got to say is first of all, I am not a paid advertiser. I am not an employee of Jeremiah, I'm just a client just like you would be some of them aren't so good to be. Just seven weeks ago, I was in your shoes. Someone was promoting CGA and me the skeptic that to be me being at that time. I said, Hey, looks like this person may be an employee. And so why are they promoting CGI so much? What is the benefit? So I'm just telling you outright. There is no benefit to me right now, except for just to let you know, hey, seven weeks, seven weeks, newbie, learning, growing, doing and the possibilities of what I could do the potential within myself. There is no spoon feeding here by Jeremiah at the same time, the coaching the way it should be. And so that is all what I want to say at this point.

[74:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's amazing. Awesome. So, BJ, you have a question here. How's it been? How are you doing? BJ?

[75:45] Speaker 2: I am good. I made the mistake of popping to another screen for a question. I'm good. I have a couple questions for you. Yeah, I already have a lot of the Like the MailChimp in the website, and all of that has been in place, and I have a following and have been successful to some extent. The one thing I've been super hesitant about, and I trained with your mom for like, a year, but it was overwhelmed by the amount of stuff she did, you know, and the amount of things she had. So trying to absorb all of it the the copywriting and the swipe files and everything I was like. So I never really got into I know, I understood just like massive amount of information. But I learned every single time I invest in a trainer firehose. Yeah, exactly. And that's one of the things I'm trying, that's one of the things I want to do my best at with my clients, is help them walk through my vault, because there's a lot of content as I've been in business for 42 years, you acquire a lot of content in that amount of time, I have been hesitant to advertise, I've filled all of my events. Through, you know, the tribe, I already have occasionally the new ones that they bring in.

[97:41] Speaker 3: So

[98:17] Speaker 2: that's been my biggest hesitation. And so jumping into a program that includes all of these other little, like you said, nuts and bolts that I already have in place. Yeah, walk me through that. Talk to me.

[102:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is the part that's overwhelming for you? Or how did you describe it? What's this? The specific area because that helps me answer it that better? Sure.

[105:10] Speaker 2: I would say Jasper was new to me. That's a cool tool that I've never used. So that is absolutely cool. So learning to copyright through your posts.

[108:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't have to like, really know how to copyright you kind of just follow Jasper's recipe.

[109:58] Speaker 2: Okay, and it looked like when I went there, they do a five. They do a five day free trial. But you need to sign up for one of the programs. Yes, you have five days to give it a try. And then make up your mind. So that was great. I'll give that a shot. So advertising i I have. I've hesitated advertising very much like on Facebook. I cannot advertise on Google. Because I do not have a verifiable physical address. I live that's my backyard. I live remote in southeast Alaska. So there's no physical verification, no mailbox. No Jeep, it just so I there's some things I can't do. So I have to stick with PayPal. Okay, for payments, because I can't verify square or stripe. And I can't advertise on Google a stripe. Yeah. Thanks. And I can't advertise on Google because they don't have an address. So I've been hesitant Registered

[125:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Agent.

[126:05] Speaker 3: Nope. Okay.

[126:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, I don't know a lot about that or how that works.

[128:00] Speaker 2: I'm not so advertising. I think I'm stuck with Facebook.

[129:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Facebook is good, though. When you know how to use it. Right? I've done some. Yeah, when you look alike audiences, the Facebook Ads work because of the copy that the offer is, and that you gather people in front of you to make a an actual sales pitch to. So that's what the Facebook ads are for is to get people in front of you to make a sales pitch to.

[137:09] Speaker 2: You mentioned that that hasn't been your strongest place that you've acquired clients, though. It has.

[139:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: If I had said it hadn't been I misspoke. It has been the number one place that we've acquired clients.

[141:21] Speaker 2: Okay. Okay, then maybe I just heard you wrong. Yeah. Well, that's

[142:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: fine. I might have said it wrong. I said, I said something the other day, and it was like, Did you meant a year? Not a month? And I was like, yes. So sometimes I'm gonna speak as well. I apologize.

[145:38] Speaker 2: I did the same thing. Okay, so I'll check out Jasper your program. I love what you talked about. There were just a lot of little pieces that helped me put together what I already have. And I am watching you. So you're not off my radar yet. But thank you for thank you for your time.

[150:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Stuff be.

[152:09] Speaker 4: Yeah, I just have a quick question. As like you said, you know, where you start, because I've been in business a long time, but where you start is not the same niche that you always stay in? Right. So the quote, my question is, so I was, I'll just give you one example. So I was widowed before I had my children. So I worked a lot with young widows and how to move forward, you know, and how to get through that and different traumas. But now that I'm older, my kids are grown. And now I'm approaching 55. I'm in a whole different phase of life. And not that I can't help those people. But I don't know that I resonate as well, because I'm no longer in the 30s. And widowed and dealing with little children, if that makes sense. So yeah, they can relate. But it's, it's a different kind of relation now. Yeah. So as I move forward, do I just leave my program open to everybody? Or am I better off niching down to like 45 plus 50. Plus,

[169:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: you would do best to know

[169:35] Speaker 4: that too narrow,

[170:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to niche down to who is paying you money? The most?

[171:11] Speaker 4: Well, that's, that's okay.

[172:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they're all paying you money. But you're finding that there's a group of them that you're not really connecting with, you want to connect more with this other group?

[174:02] Speaker 4: Well, only because as as you age, at least for women, you guys are kind of luckier, but as for women, as you age, your lifestyle and your life changes, and you're not as active in the things that you once were active in. Hmm. You know, and the world as we all know, raising kids today has completely changed.

[179:39] Speaker 0: I'd say if you're feeling that you want to niche down into that, then do that, because you're the one that's the creator and the designer of your business. And that group also has more money too. Well, yeah. So, okay,

[183:08] Speaker 4: I just didn't know if it would make it too narrow. That's all.

[183:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that wouldn't make it too narrow at all. You're no, you could probably narrow it down even more based around even like what their occupation is or what their background is.

[186:42] Speaker 4: Okay, yep. Okay, fair enough. Thank you.

[187:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Marital status, if that's unique is another one. Right? All right. Well, there was someone on here that had her hand raised, but then she looks like she left.

[191:35] Speaker 3: Okay. Um,

[193:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: anyone else? Anybody else got any questions? Clarissa says, Jeremiah was what you provide the VIP kid I have success in certain in my coaching program. Well, that's the thing. Yeah, there's a lot of great valuable information that you will get in the VIP and in the training right there. But you're not going to have the support the accountability and being able to ask me questions to work with you. With that VIP, so you have this right now is a time. That's kind of like a sample of what we do every single week in our program. But I don't when I do q&a, I am expecting the audience to be the one that brings the questions forward. So and that's the difference between the VIP and this, this is seven bucks, that one's two grand for a year, you actually also get me where I'm helping rewrite your copy. I'm helping you write your offers, go over your offers and create those together. So that's a big part of that that's a huge value is being able to do that. I'm gonna address another thing. Rachel, Carol says Facebook removed the ability to retarget religious audiences. Is there a solution? Absolutely. We've been targeting with a lot of people, religious audiences, the best way you do that? Is you direct people specifically to an offer that is religiously based on what you're wanting to do. You have a video that has explicit religious language in it. And you target that to a, you can target homeschooling, you can target my mom's page, you can target say, what's her name, Sadie Robinson, Robertson. You can target these like conservative influencers, that they still let you target with explicit religious content. And then you build a look alike of who lands on that page. And then you just keep building more lookalikes. And that becomes literally your perfect audience around your sort of, I guess, expression of faith that you have. So, Erica.

[227:04] Speaker 5: Hi, Jeremy. How are you? Good. I loved your program. I had a good year. Yeah, thank you. And a question about finding your niche and how deeply you have to go to find those results that you're delivering. So that it's not so vague. Because just, you know, self improvement or finding yourself or things like that. They're very vague. Yeah. What's the powerful message that you could deliver, about what those results would be? Like? And the second part of my question is a lot of these programs focus on how to be successful, making money. So how successful can someone be if it is, you know, a self development for, you know, a religious program or something like that, that doesn't really have to do with making money or improving your business or

[249:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you want to you want to find the common story and pattern across the people that you influence that want to be touched by you that want to work with you that want to feel that presence that you have you figure out what do they have in common, and what are their goals that they have. And so you build your net, your offer around that. And then as I mentioned, the stuff you can dial deeper into, whether it be background, upbringing, occupation industry, it doesn't have to be that they want to make money necessarily, but they might be able to make more simply as a result of becoming more clear in their life. And so you're just telling that story narrative, there's a lot of story narrative behind this, to finding your niche. The other thing is, if you're feeling stuck finding your niche, it's often because we're afraid of choosing the wrong one, it not working out and not producing the result, and that it doesn't touch the right people and that now we miss out on potential clients or that we wasted time, because we did the wrong thing. And so that fear and worry is very common in this industry. And we can't allow it to make our decisions for us, we can't allow the worry of it not working out, be the reason why we don't put something out there. Hmm. Okay. And so that's an important side of it. And then you got to start testing, I tell my clients, it's all an experiment, you have to experiment, experiment, experiment, it's just an experiment. It doesn't mean anything, when you put something out there. And I think we think of, well, I made this offer and now it's my reputation and my reputations on the line, if this offer is not perfect, and I'm here to tell you this, if you screw up one offer, you'll do the next one, just fine. messing up your offers is literally part of the process. If you're afraid of doing that, that you're afraid of actually succeeding more than anything else.

[279:46] Speaker 5: Are you saying that if you take your target audience, let's say they want to release in our barriers and have you know, find greater potential? Are you saying that in talking to them, you might find out that they need to be more have more wealth, or a business that they can thrive in?

[288:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you think of what are their desires? What are their deepest desires? Okay, what do they want more than anything else that maybe they're even ashamed to tell people that they want?

[291:43] Speaker 5: Okay. So you find that out by asking them asking,

[293:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you find some of them. And then you ask them, and then they tell you what it is that you build an offer around the things they tell you. That's the whole reason I have these events like this. Because I got all those questions that each of you answered, which were amazing about what systems to use, how to get the most clients, how to build out your funnel, right? How to not waste time, how to be a great coach and influence people to take action. And we go over that and transformational coaching and the accelerator, we go over that in the offer Launchpad. Now, the mindset mastery course in there, as a coach as a mentor, you can you can help change somebody's life. And so discovering and having curiosity about their desires. That's that's really your main job. That's the first step of the sales and marketing process is to just get really, really curious.

[309:16] Speaker 5: Okay, that sounds good. Cool. Yeah. Thank you.

[310:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You're welcome. All right, Rene,

[311:46] Speaker 6: Rene. Okay, so I have a quick question for you. Yes. Is after working with as many people as you have, is there maybe a question that's never been brought up but something that you would like to talk about or bring insight to a

[318:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: question that's never been brought up?

[322:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. Can't can't think of anything off the top of my head.

[323:37] Speaker 6: Okay, because usually like things like, I don't know, when you're thinking of something, and people typically ask questions for what they want to hear. But sometimes people will have something that they'd want to talk about. And that's where I find a lot of like nuggets of information that maybe I would never have thought of before.

[328:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I mean, I, I mix a lot of that into the into the way that I teach. And a lot of the training is I mix a lot of that in there. Part of my process is, and this is that's actually a really good question. Part of my process is discovering those parts inside of me that I want to get as a message out to people and then linking it to the desires that somebody has. And that becomes a big way of how you how I sell. Okay, um I can't think of any question that I wish somebody. I don't know. So all right. All right, stuff.

[342:14] Speaker 4: Sorry, hit on mute. Two questions. One is so I noticed when you sell, you're selling packages, and you can offer bonuses, you know, that are pre recorded that are in like library. Yeah. If you don't have those, you know, one, how do you start building them? And what do you sell in the meantime? Other than live events?

[348:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, I don't, I mean, you can build one this afternoon, you just press record on your camera. So you got one.

[350:42] Speaker 4: You just build one, even with

[351:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: a fly and record them like the day before I put it up? And I did that for like two months. And I had the library and I'm kind of building that out. Yeah. Okay. So

[354:01] Speaker 4: you don't have to it doesn't have to be a recorded thing that was in a

[355:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever your last event is be the next thing. Okay, okay. Like, live event as becomes one of your next bonuses. And then the other question

[357:39] Speaker 4: I have is what do you feel about putting offers out there that say same subject matter? Like, say, under the same umbrella, but different topics? Or at one time? Can you would you throw different offers out there and see?

[361:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're selling something under that other umbrella? Well,

[363:03] Speaker 4: like one umbrella, you know, maybe you're working on relationships through trauma, or you're working on relationships through divorce, and heartbreak, or whatever, would you throw two different type of, you know, landing pages out there and see what the response is?

[366:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, but you would need what you're selling to be focused on either trauma or divorce. And you'd have to have two separate products,

[368:15] Speaker 4: to separate pages, and to separate lists through MailChimp. So you know which one is which.

[369:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and they would have some crossover there. Yeah, I think you could do that. If they're related to each other. Especially that's just kind of building out different offerings and products to get people into the door. But I wouldn't do that until you're making about 20 30,000 a month. Okay, with one thing, okay.

[375:05] Speaker 4: So stick with one thing until you grow to a certain level.

[375:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. All right. Deseret asked a question said in your funnel. Where do you take people who don't purchase your program? Well, they're on my email list, and they get retargeted. And so everybody who check this one out is going to see an ad for another virtual event on a topic, either funnels or ads or something like that will specific focus on a topic. And so I will basically anybody who's in one event with me, is going to hear about all the next events until they tell me Jeremiah, I don't want to hear from you ever again. Unsubscribe, and they click the ad and they click Don't ever show ads from this advertiser again. So until somebody does that, they're going to keep seeing the offers that I have. Each time that I put put one out there and the goal is that it still leads them to kind of the same place. Does that make sense? Deseret. You want to come on the microphone here?

[390:49] Speaker 7: Hello.

[391:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, how are you?

[391:23] Speaker 3: I'm good. How are you? Awesome. Good. Yeah, that that completely makes sense. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

[393:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. How are you liking today?

[394:28] Speaker 3: Say is good. So good information. I'm a literacy coach. I have a program for K through eight coaches and teachers are ready, but I just have been having a hard time getting in front of new people. And yeah, well, this idea of this funnel. That's huge. I didn't know anything about that. So that's gonna make a big difference.

[399:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Yeah, it's kinda it's called the the challenge funnel virtual stages, intensives virtual events. It's doing this where you just basically you show up at a certain time, and you and you present at those different times, and then you connect with people after and do the q&a. Like, I'm really grateful for each one of these sessions. And so again, if there's anybody else that's out there who has any questions about your business, you want to grow your coaching business to six figures? Maybe you got questions about the client growth accelerator, or about what we talked about today, raise your hand, and I'm here taking questions from people. So thanks, Deseret. Thank you, Jessica. How are you?

[410:50] Speaker 8: Good. That was super good. I was really enjoying that. Training. Yeah. Definitely, that hit home when you were saying about, it's probably fear, and you kind of want to just keep building up your knowledge. How do you know when you are ready, like, and? And linked with that question is, I feel like one of the reasons I signed up for this is because I think you mentioned you, I don't know, if you're gonna send us something about our niche finding our niche. Are you ever gonna say something? Yeah, there's

[419:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: this training that you get in the in the members area over where the recordings are. There's a whole two hour training on finding your niche that's in there that I did. Specifically about this topic. So like, what you're gonna get is, is that bonus training on finding your niche? It'll be in there for you in the members area back here.

[425:29] Speaker 8: Oh, awesome. All right. Oh, I just go there and download that or whatever, or you'll be

[426:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: able to watch it in there. Okay, cool. And I'm also those five days from the the previous class that we did, which is awesome. The business to six figures. Amazing. Yeah, we just did three, yeah, three weeks ago, I just, I feel like those recordings are going to be really great for everybody. There's so much content you guys got, honestly, I think this is like the best deal I've ever offered $7 to get all this information. But I'm glad that everybody's here and stay connected. I think the client growth accelerator is going to be a great chance for each of you, even if you're maybe not ready now. Jump in get locked in there. And it'll motivate you over the next month as well to keep stuff going.

[438:36] Speaker 8: Oh, sorry, sorry.

[438:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no worries, what are you saying?

[439:35] Speaker 8: Just My other question was like, do you decide? It doesn't matter? Like how long you do? Things that you sell? You know, how do you decide how long if it's like a they're signing up for like a week thing or a month thing or a few months? Or

[444:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that just depends on your your capacity and your audience. So what I like to do is six to eight week ones initially sell that for for $1,000 $997 for six weeks with you. And then you get to basically teach them on a specific topic, answer, do q&a and guide people during those six weeks together. That way, then you can build up your next offer while you're going through that to the market another round of that. Do that a few times, and then you'll be able to turn that into more of like a consistent evergreen program that could be 100 to $200 a month.

[454:29] Speaker 8: Okay. Okay, cool. Cool. Thank you. Awesome.

[455:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Stacy. I know Clarissa Clarissa was next. Sorry about that.

[457:54] Speaker 9: Hey, Jeremy, real quick. I think you just kind of answered my question because I'm going to go ahead and pre sell because I'm gonna self publishing book coach. So I'm gonna go ahead I guess and just kind of start pre selling that I just wasn't clear. I just kind of got clarity what you said about a six week to a six week course. Reveal. Okay, so when you actually launch this will you did this particular program? How long did you run ads? Before you actually did this?

[466:28] Speaker 2: medicea on Saturday, today?

[467:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I ran I ran the ads for four days.

[468:07] Speaker 9: Wow. Okay, so weeks. I was thinking I'm gonna have to I was gonna have to like run this thing for like weeks, pre sell it for weeks. And then

[470:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been running most of my four to seven days. A week about it's

[472:16] Speaker 9: wonderful.

[472:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then yeah, then we analyze it that allows you to iterate really well and do that. Which is cool. All right, Stacy. Stacy. How

[475:25] Speaker 7: you doing? Can you hear me? Yes. Okay.

[477:50] Speaker 10: Sorry about that. So it's interesting today, I just happen to jump on Facebook. And there you were. Yeah. So I had fun Oh, one other thing that you had come on. I've been in some of your mom's trainings. I'm in your mom's stock group. I love her stock group. Yeah. And came across you. And of course that interested me. It's kind of weird the timing here, because I've been having a tons of people come to me recently. And they've been asking me for advice, and I'm giving it to them, but I'm giving it to them freely.

[486:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah.

[487:12] Speaker 10: And I've had a lot of people charging for it. Right, right. But how do you get over? And obviously, I know, it's a mindset thing. But I guess, knowing where to start and, and knowing that, for me, I tend to be able to see something, and then be able to look at it and say, Okay, how do we make that better? Or how do we launch that forward? When they start here? And how do we get it here? And I know, that's just a God thing. God's always just been able to give give me something and give me a lot of ideas on how to take it to the next platform. But when I was listening to you, and listening to the coaching aspect of that, I guess, in knowing how do you do that? How do you charge for that? And how do you know what your niche is? I heard you just talking a little bit about finding your niche as part of the two hour session there. But do you have coaches that are able to coach with things like that? And learning through your course that you know, God given talent?

[503:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes. That's actually what Joshua Giles has, with his and he did $140,000 to a brand new market using this screening. We coached together for a year. And he has his firebrand global university. And he's been able to reach people, millions of people were running webinars and VSL. As we're launching them, he's been featured on Sid Roth as well. And he markets it as like, so he'll do, it's, again, you look at the outcome that the person wants. So his offers are finding your God given assignment. I'm building the god ideas for business that God's given you. Right. That's one of his, his classes that he did. The wealth wisdom Academy, the, the, he also has, how to discern the spirits in spiritual warfare class, like he has that as well like as one of his classes. And then he has like the school of the Spirit. And by offering that to people, he's been able to generate 140,000. In one month, we did that. And he's been consistently 30 to $60,000 a month since we've been working with them. And it started with that same thing. So there you go. We have a lot of information and can definitely help with you. We also worked with Georgia and ban off for a long time. And in Georgia, and does a lot of stuff with like Heidi Baker, Bill Johnson, Randy Clark. And so that is the that's how you do that. And you're just how do you package it as you think about like, Who is this person? What does their life look like in the future? What is the prophetic vision of their life in the future, and and that end goal along the way, then turning that into the story that you tell to the prospect in the sales, interaction. And that becomes how you package it.

[538:46] Speaker 10: Your Visuals today, we're on point. I am very visual, and I love jumping falling off the cliff and then you help me get them to the other side. Good job on that. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you.

[542:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, abay came through Joshua Giles program, and now he's been with me and my mom. So Joshua Giles is a great, great, dude. All right, Bridget, Bridget.

[546:41] Speaker 11: Hi. I'm good. How are you today? So your growth accelerated program. I work full time during the day. So I'm wondering what times do you meet in the Facebook group?

[549:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah, we meet at 11am. Eastern time. Okay. Or I'm sorry, 11am, central time 12pm. Eastern. And with that 12pm Eastern 11am. We also do have some where like people that are in the accelerator can come on these classes right here. We also have where we'll do like jumpstart trainings. Once a month we might do a we do a once a month copywriting rewrite day. We do offer Launchpad quarterly so there are sessions that are like at different times. I do some Night Time ones as well throughout the week, that are that are different offers that stuff like that. So there's opportunities for you outside of that time, but you also get to watch all the recordings as well

[562:43] Speaker 11: as what's gonna be my next question. Awesome. So I'm most likely will join. And my goal is to leave the nine to five within a month or so. So like, oh, wait and go at it.

[565:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's get it. And that's the thing, because when you get to do that, when you get to actually leave work in a job for somebody else, you're able to get more focused with your clients and actually serve them better. Yes, sounds good. So we meet on we meet on Mondays at 11am. Eastern, it's every Monday. So Josh and tourists asked how many couples have you worked with? I have worked with a few, quite a few couples actually not like the majority, because there's not a majority of couples that but I find that couples is, is fine if both of y'all are actually building the business actively. If only one is building the business, and the other is kind of just on the sidelines, it's better for me to work with the one that's building the business. But if you both are building the business, kind of like a an Alex are mosey Leila type thing. You know, like, what I have meetings by myself because my wife, she's pregnant, and she helps me with some of the customer service. And we just hired her sister here this week to help us get ready for the baby, which is amazing. We've been able to hire more people to help the business grow. And by doing that, our revenue has gone up, which is amazing. So um, but you don't have to hire people initially, to make six figures. It's very like you can make a you can sustain about $20,000 A month before you gotta hire people, is what kind of what I see I see a lot of people basically are capped at 20k on their own, and they need to hire at least one person at a time, they're making that much to help you because then you can just double yourself down that way. So all right. Any any other questions that are on here? Raise your hand. I can take some from the accelerator. Anybody from the accelerator? Want to come up and say anything? Lila, let's have you come up actually real quick. Lila rose? Unless you can't come up, then it's fine. Yeah, no pressure to make you feel like you have to but it's great to have you have you up here. So you joined the accelerator when and how has it been for you? I feel like you were very nice. But I think that you also were maybe a little skeptical.

[604:47] Speaker 7: One thing because I've been burned by the coaching experience like and like like many people, right, where coaches are, like, you know, happy face happy face, but then when you're actually coached by them, there's like sometimes a little bit of like, brittleness, right. And what I find that I love is authenticity and, and consistency is your middle name, like you're just who you are at all time, which I think is the best way to coach me. And I can be who I am at all times. And when I'm out promoting my work. People see what the real person right that they're not going to get some false version of me and then be disappointed once they enter a portal or whatever, because they're gonna get the real me modeling. So you're actually giving me courage to be myself all the time, and I work full time and I still get huge value. And the reason the reason like I'm actually someone who comes from television and film and media and all that the reason I started working full time at a college is so that I could get my ma a novel writing and write books and all that. Whereas with television when I was on television, projects, like they're crazy. Oh, cool. I love this new thing that you've just created my hair. But yeah, so I chose to I actually by working full time in a college, I have way more time than I did when I was working in television. So I've completed books, I've gotten grants to write film scripts, etc. But as time has gone on, I've realized that I've spent probably half a lifetime free coaching people to have creative courage ultimately to have creative courage whether it's for books or whether it's because they want to journal whatever it is, it's like it really the core has always been get out there and be creative express yourself putting that into Yeah, and putting that into like you're you're the first coach that's starting to really help me distill how to codify that and put it into an actual horse and and have the courage to get out there so so I may be slower at getting my offer ready only because my my I did experiment I did an offer, called them into genius author code, and then realize that, like, I don't necessarily want it to be so specific because creative courage is something that I'm more passionate. Yeah, and yeah, and I'm also and you've been a great help with my helping to define that. And plus, I also like support, like it people and a CEO of an IT company to have their creative courage and get their voice out. So one of the things that I'm learning from you is like, I don't even need to define the nations that specifically to do an offer, I can just, you know, get them into genius offer, that's my, you know, that's the name of my of my company or whatever. And I'm just, I'm going to do a quick success sprint offer for an event that I've been invited to, and my ability to say yes to that event, and know that I'm going to be able to crush it has come from the encouragement I've gotten from you. And I don't even see that often. Like, you know what I mean? It's not like I have these, like opportunities to interact with you all the time. Instead, it's mostly you post a video, you're walking and talking, you have these, like events that I can join on a weekend. It's not like, it's not like, I need a ton. But being in the client growth accelerator, I get something virtually every day, if I want it, you know, I go to the group and tune in, I'm getting a boost every single day. But I'm also getting a bit of a kick in the pants to to like, what did you do today? Right. Right. That's

[659:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: an important part of it. I mean, that's the thing is like, and if what you did today was just heal and rest and self care. That's great, too. By the way.

[661:23] Speaker 7: I appreciate that. Because I do work hard. And I do. And I'm not so so

[662:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: important to like, I think that's important is resting.

[663:53] Speaker 7: Thank you for that right after this. You go I love it. Yeah, but I love what you do. And I just, I will say the one thing, I think what I spent to get into the current client growth accelerator is probably half or a 10th of what I would spend on another coach to get not even close to the same content. So yeah, yeah, I really feel I liked it. Like I think to me, from what I've seen out there, and from other coaches I've worked with, this is a bargain to me. Yeah.

[670:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the here's the crazy part. And I'll say this, just transparently, I'm probably better at teaching this than actually even totally implementing it myself, in my own business. And that's why we're not as big as we could be, is because the content works really well for our clients. And I can teach it really well. But applying it in my own business, I'm a little bit slower at but we're, we're growing, I can't wait to break that like seven figure mark, that's my like, goal in my business is to hit that level. You know, I'm in like recurrent recurring revenue, which would be awesome. All right, Chris Carroll. Hi, Chris, how are you?

[681:59] Speaker 12: Hi, thank you just really, really quick, I don't even know if it's a question. But I'm having a really hard time. I work in the retail sector. So I work one on one with business owners helping them move their business online. And I really having I'm really having a difficult time. Specifically, figuring out where, and this is going to go to the niches of course, finding the correct niche. Because it is very specialized. And each of the business people that I work with need something very, very specific. So I tailor my, literally my coaching to them, one on one in that, which is why I do one on one. But how you know I'm having a hard time just conceptualizing where to go and try to bring a package to a mass, the mass

[699:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: NACHA I got set, how to go from individual one on one to the masses. So the that's where identifying take all the people that you work with one on one and see if there's some common pattern across all of them, that you've helped them do that you've helped them with. Okay, and you write that down and then you could record a training as if you imagine in your mind all of your one on one clients are just sitting in front of you, you imagine this in your mind and you just speak to them or you just have them all join you all your one on one clients. That's a great idea. Have them all join you your one on one clients on a zoom call and just record the Zoom call and now you package that that's your program and then you provide q&a to all those people who buy it and you've just created a program and you can pre sell that based off of what you know those one on one people needed. You just sell that to a group. Yep, that's it's very much a lot simpler. I think then that we make it an overcomplicated in our head.

[718:02] Speaker 7: You're right. Absolutely. It's

[718:21] Speaker 12: like there's so much in there that yeah, that it's like it's like you said it is overwhelming to just try to break it into pieces. And that's really exactly where I'm was stuck. It's like, you know, I just started doing Facebook Lives to do exactly what you were saying. Get that q&a? What do you want to learn? What do you need? What's that information? So I could try to figure out

[725:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: what happens when you tell people hey, show up at this time. Oh, and by the way, you're gonna have to pay $7 to be able to show up at this time. And it becomes this like exclusive thing to where then you can connect with those people. That's why I do these things like this. Because the more I can connect with you all the better my life gets. The so like I do this, selfishly, for me is the only reason I'm here. Right?

[732:22] Speaker 12: That's amazing. Thank you. You've really, I have like 12 pages of notes from you. So

[733:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that Lila you had something to share.

[734:55] Speaker 7: Or if we're in CTA, we can maybe support the move the newbies kind of might not be in CDA. So, Chris, whenever I deal with screenwriters and directors, writers, producers, they all they all have unique and individual problems. Each story is different than I'm supporting or whatever. But they all have the exact same overarching issue, mindset, the ability to take action, right, some of the most prolific writers that I've worked with will complain, they're too lazy, right? So mindset, the ability to take action, the ability to observe their action, without hating themselves, when it doesn't go well. And the ability to then refine it and take better action. So those are four, four major areas that I bet with, you're with every single person you're dealing with. Those are four main pillars and categories that you're probably speaking to. Right? So when we're when we're talking about niche, yes, to some extent, it's, you know, people in retail, or people in the arts or whatever, like, we can do that. But what we're actually teaching is those four fundamental pillars. And I think that works, whether you're selling something to make more money, or whether you're selling something for spirit, or whether you're selling something for artistic expression, those four pillars are our key. So if that helps you kind of codify it. That's awesome. Thank you.

[756:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. All right. Hey, thanks, everybody, for being here. Again. I wasn't gonna open this up right away. But I did just because a lot of people were writing me and I felt it literally, I felt like in my spirit, that I needed to do a one day two hour or I take my five day and put it into one day. And then my mom was like, Hey, I'm gonna tell everybody about it. So that was really cool. She wrote that email up. And I was like, Mom, this is amazing. Like, this is incredible. And so I'm just excited that you're here. I would love to work with you in the client growth accelerator. If you joined by Monday, you get to jump into our session on Monday. So you actually by joining before Monday, you get to jump into our session. Okay. So that'll be really, that'll be really great. Right there. All right, everybody will say thanks for being here. This has been a great hour with everybody. Great information. There's my mom right there. That's awesome. Rick Pino, Joshua Giles. And this is the one that we just added right here. Funnel building Made Easy. Finally, create a consistent stream of clients in your business, even if you're just starting out. I've been creating offers and funnels for 19 years. The one thing is, I didn't finish that sentence. I gotta go finish that sentence. It's true. A coach with clients isn't really a coach. That's where your funnel comes in. How do you find people online to give you their name and email address to move it to become your client. So this is going to be where I show you like how to build out a funnel hub, building out all the technical aspects of the pages, thank you pages, automations emails getting leads. This is a complete program. I'm gonna go very slowly through all of that using Squarespace, which is really cool because Squarespace is less than $30 a month. So I have this course website building Made Easy, which goes over all the technical aspects of Squarespace. It's probably the most complete Squarespace course out there. And then funnel building amazing I'm gonna show you how to actually build out that technical side of the funnel. This is going to kind of bridge the gap for most of you for what you what you need to do to actually launch in your business. We also have the bonus funnel training copy from Steven that he just finished this last week. Funnel launch fast track. You get the private event vault the Jumpstart trainings the monthly cut teachings. If you guys join, I would have every single one of you start with this course, irresistible offers that sell. Because it's all about designing and creating the perfect offer for your audience. And it is basically takes what I've talked about about building the offer, and the hero's journey, and like which type of funnels to use. It goes deep into how do you communicate that with people? And then the virtual event playbook is what do you actually say in your virtual event? What do you say when you run a two hour event like this? How do you script that out? What do you say when you're doing a multi day event that's in virtual event playbook? It's like a football playbook right here. Like what are the moves that you do? You know, like copywriting mastery is all about the exact words to say. Yeah, and it's a it's a jasper course is what it is or six hours of copywriting training. Basically, what I was able to do is condense over 40 hours of training that my mom did on copywriting and I condensed it into six hours into how to use Jasper. And so what it is, is it's the most complete and effective copywriting course out there. For coaches trainers and mentors on how to write the best copy that closes sales. All of our copy is written with Jasper that way okay, this is the brand new Facebook and Instagram ads course I'm actually still making this we just started a month ago. And so this is the most up to date Facebook and Instagram ads course and I call it for total beginners because I'm going through just the very beginner basics slow enough that it won't overwhelm you with all the technical how you do everything we've had a lot of people say like that they struggled to learn Facebook ads until they went through this one for beginners and it finally started working for them and so you get all that you get the funnel building course tick tock ads Made Easy mindset foundations for six figure coaches and course graders easy course Creation Blueprint How to Create a Course transformational coaching how to become a better coach. Social media ads that work social media content creation made easy and website building plus all those

[837:11] Speaker 7: bonuses until midnight,

[838:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: November 15 $2,000 or 12 payments of 166 42. So thank you everybody for being here today. Thank you for for just showing up. We had almost 90 People buy the VIP but only 30 are actually on which is so interesting. People just aren't there you know, they're this is the group that's really going after it this is the group that I want to attract more of in my business is this people like you because this is the group that I could wake up every single day and be like, come on let's let's make stuff happen. And let's let's let's really do some damage and and make the world a better place. Not just as this like esoteric idea, but actually creating real change in our world with your coaching and courses. So thanks for being here. For the rest of you. I can't wait to see you in the client growth accelerator. We'll talk soon everybody have a good one.

