Coaching - Lesson 3
Date: 2022-03-02T00:33:46.000Z
Duration: 15 min
Otter ID: xPAZ2MuH9tIjWRdEFamg1iW4nlE
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now that we know what coaching is, you might be wondering what are some of the things that you need to do to be an effective coach, I truly believe that there is a moral obligation. If you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're somebody that is working with people to walk them through and bring transformation to their lives, and that's a goal that you have is to bring that level of transformation that they can only get from you into their life, you personally have to commit to personal development, you personally have to commit to saying, Okay, who I am today is not who I'm going to be tomorrow, and it's not who I am going to be the next day. And this is a journey. Here's the reason why I love coaching, is because I know that I know, it motivates me to be better every single day, and to learn new things to read books, and become a better coach. Now, a big part of my coaching because I'm a business coach is I'm sharing expertise. I have expertise and experience. But I don't always bring that into every coaching conversation, sometimes. I'll have a client asked me, Hey, what should I do here and I start, I start by not just saying what I instantly think they should do, but actually answering questions. And again, if you read through some of the books that I put up above, co active coaching is a great book as well. 37 coaching secrets, the ways to boost your coaching practice. These books are so incredible for you to grow personally, that they will help you in your journey become a better coach. They will help you grow personally in the areas that help you learn to communicate with people better. So here's the thing when when you hire a coach, and listen, we all have issues, my friends, we all have things that we have experienced pain, trauma, fear, worry, doubt, those emotions, we can't bring those into the coaching atmosphere. Because then otherwise, we ended up just projecting our problems onto the people who have paid us good money to help us if I'm coming here. And and to be honest, I struggled with this when I first began coaching, it was really a hard thing for me. Even my first couple courses, I would have to work myself up to bring the best quality and it was a lot harder in the beginning. Now I'm at the point where I know how to get myself into that state. Even if I'm not feeling the best that day, I can get myself back into it, I can get myself back into bringing my best foot to the table. Because I care about the person on the other side of the camera. I care about the coachee. I care about the person on the other side of the coaching relationship. And so if you're a coach, if you're somebody, you have to commit to consistent regular personal development. That means reading books, going to seminars, growing in your skill set, not assuming that you know everything I heard something years ago by one of the first trainers and coaches I've ever worked with. And I worked for Danny Johnson, she said if you are green, you're growing. If you're ripe, You're rotten. And that was that that stuck in my head for this reason. When you're ripe, you you're done. I don't ever want to be done with learning. I want to learn as much as possible. I'm like, Listen, I got goals. If I'm not there yet, there's more I can learn. If I'm not able to accomplish certain thing. There's more I can learn. And so I never look at anything as a failure. I always look at it as an opportunity to learn. And I always try to find the lesson in everything. I always seek out the lesson that I can learn through the process. And so what can you do to become a better coach? Well, one of the best ways is for you to get coached. For you to work with a coach for you to have a coach, look at what you're doing. And now I offer one on one coaching over at my website, business coaching. But we also deal with a lot of the mindset and things and we make a holistic approach to help people get results in their businesses and

[70:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: the people who've gotten the most results with me have done one on one coaching. And so maybe you might consider hiring me to be your coach. If so, send me a message send me a DM say I'm interested in coaching and we can schedule a call together we can talk about that if you're ready to commit to a coaching journey together. Okay. The other thing is is this is that there yes there's a lot of great personal development out there I would plug into different books, different authors, different areas. If you can identify areas in yourself that you struggle you become self aware The issues that you have you grow past them, so that they are no longer hindering you. One of the biggest ones, my friends is codependence. You don't want to be a codependent and bring that into coaching. You don't want to bring narcissism into coaching. These are human experiences that we have as people that maybe we learned through trauma through experience as coping mechanisms in our lives. But when it comes to coaching, we got to lay those at the table, we got to lay our personal agendas down, when I'm coaching somebody, their goals are my goal. That's all I care about. I'm not caring about looking smart sounding smart them thinking I know what I'm talking about. Either I want them to feel like a genius by the end of the call, not me. And that's what creates the best coaches, that's what creates the coach that produces transformation in the lives of the people they work with. At the same tone, you can't be afraid to say hard things, you're, you're you're gonna have people, let's be honest, as you're coaching, they're gonna see you're rude. They're gonna say you're, that's inappropriate, you can't talk about that, because you're going to trigger people. Part of coaching is you're going to trigger people in the things that are holding them back, you're going to trigger people to reveal the areas that they're struggling, just naturally, as part of the process, things are going to come up, that are issues that that person needs to work through. And then you can make a recommendation, you're not diagnosing something. But you can make a recommendation with their permission for what to deal with, which is why you yourself need to grow out of your own triggers, out of your own issues out of your own stuff that's holding you back, so that you don't bring those into the table with somebody else as well. If you're dealing with something and the person you're coaching is dealing with the same thing, you're gonna coach based off of your experience. And if you haven't dealt with something, and somebody really wants to grow out of that area, you're gonna struggle to help them because you haven't figured out how to deal with that yourself. And so consistent personal development, consistent commitment to personal growth is a huge part of coaching. How can you do this listening to podcasts is a great way to do this, taking courses, having another coach reading books, going through seminars, watching videos on YouTube, consistently growing in some of these areas. And then what you're able to do is you're able to help bring transformation to others. But you got to work through what's between your two ears. A lot of people say, you know, what are the qualifications of being a coach, listen, there's nobody that's gonna hold you to accountable to personal development as a coach. And that's one of the unfortunate sides of it. But I want you to commit to self discipline, to hold yourself accountable to it. That if you want to be a coach that you don't leak out your problems on to other people that you don't bring your problems to the table, and make those be your clients issues. So that you can best serve the people that trusted you, and hired you to bring transformation into their lives. Can you do that? Can you commit to that? Can you look at the hard parts in your life? Maybe the things that you've ignored for a while? So I'm gonna put my coach's hat on here for a little bit? Are you willing to look at maybe some of the stuff in your life that you've ignored because it's painful to look at? Because that hurts to look at. Because the last time you did it made you sick to your stomach that you almost threw up, and your biggest trigger your biggest fear and learn how to disempower it and unwire that trigger out of your life. All your excuses, all the things in the reasons why you've convinced yourself that you can't be successful.

[149:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And learning to be self aware to say no more, those have no power over my life, my language is going to be taken under control. And I'm no longer going to speak that way about my life and bring that into the relationships of how I work with other people. Are you willing to do that? Again, you don't have to, nobody's gonna make sure you do. But if you want to be the best coach you can be to help people. There's a commitment to personal development, because you might as well grow yourself along the way, instead of just letting the default setting dictate the relationship People, you see a lot of us are born with a default setting that made it very, very difficult to be able to connect with other people made it very, very difficult to bring transformation to other people. Because we care so much about what we're feeling, what we're dealing in coaching, your feelings, I mean, this, I mean this real nicely, your feelings don't matter at all. They don't. People are going to react, they're going to respond, they are going to be rude to you. I have been called horrible names from people that I've coached, because it triggered something in them. I can either let that derail me and blow up my life, almost did. And almost did. And that's why I committed to working with a therapist for six months. And I continue to, to grow in those areas and those triggers and to not be defensive all the time, when somebody comes after me to not be defensive. And to not try to protect myself from those that I'm committing to serve. See, you got to learn to unwire, the protective mechanisms in you to be an effective coach. And that my friends is where it gets scary. Because we have habits that we've used, that we've trained ourselves with, for our whole life that we've said, I need to do these to be safe. And then when it comes to the coaching interaction, if you operate in those ways, you're not going to serve others very well. You're just not. When it comes up when it comes to marketing. I tell people, if you're a perfectionist, you're going to struggle to actually get business. And it's the truth, because you're going to always be waiting till something's perfect, and never actually taking action, until it's all perfect when perfection is not even reality. And so you might as well be willing to make mistakes and be willing to mess up and make big messes. It's a big part of my message that I share with people and people fight it, they don't like it. It's one of the biggest things that people either reject or accept that and they won't listen to me if they reject it. But it's the number one thing that I know helps people in marketing and sales grow and get more customers. More than anything else is the mindset around perfectionism. And so for you if you're dealing with a certain issue with the client, you know, for me, I was dealing with perfectionism, I was dealing with overthinking. And it made it hard for me to help serve others that were dealing with the same thing, because I had the same problem myself. And so it's the same for you. What's your unique area of coaching? Are you still seeking validation from others and then trying to help others that are seeking validation? Yes, sure, triggers come up sometimes, but you want to commit to growing in those ways. You're not perfect, none of us are perfect. And you don't need to be. But you do need to commit to saying, You know what, I'm gonna be a little bit better tomorrow than I was yesterday. So that I can be the best possible coach that I can be. I'd say a lot of careers needed. You don't need to do that. When it comes to coaching, when it comes to working with others, when it comes to bring transformation in their life, when it comes to being a leader that leads people you got to work through your issues, and no longer let them be a crutch for you no longer say, Well, this is just how I am. Nana, just how you are, it's no longer a good, acceptable excuse.

[225:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's time to grow, it's time to do better. Are you going to do it all at once in one day? Know. Don't beat yourself up for your progress and where you're at on the journey. Encourage yourself love yourself. Write down your accomplishments. Write down all the great things that you love about yourself. And anytime you get down, remind yourself of those things. Keep your self image at an all time high. Keep your confidence as high as possible at all times. Absolutely. But don't bring your issues to the table when it comes to coaching and get the help that you need to grow in those areas. And that my friends will make you unstoppable at bringing transformation to the lives of those that you coach. All right. So, we're going to talk about in the next lesson here, how you can help People How to make more money as a coach and more toxic

