Stay Broke as a Coach - Or Get Extremely Rich
Date: 2022-10-30T01:47:04.000Z
Duration: 12 min
Otter ID: lJvIeKqKrNrnL7Kfm12lzmylWRs
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually make money as a coach, do you want to actually have people become your clients. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And for those of you that I have not met yet, I'm excited that we're talking. I've been in the coaching and course creation training space for the last 19 years. And I've been helping coaches build eight figure coaching businesses during that time. And what I love helping people do now is make their first six and seven figures coaching in their own business. And the number one thing that determines whether you're a broke coach, or when that makes real money is your lead generation, your ability to get people in front of you to sell to, if you don't get new people that want your coaching that want your course in front of you on a weekly basis that you can sell to that you can make offers to. And when you do this the right way, when you attract the right people, you don't need to hard sell to them. You don't need to do any slimy tactics, I refuse to do any slimy tactics. That's why I only focus on helping coaches who want to get more clients. Because if that's you, I don't have to hard sell you, I all I got to do is just show you how to do it. And eventually, a good percentage of you that are watching that sign up for my trainings end up becoming a coaching client. And this is our funnel, this is our process and we show you how to do this as well, okay? You you give away your best content for free and you create offers that people want. That's the secret. It's It's not rocket science, most people will make it rocket science. They're trying so hard to say the perfect thing, find the perfect niche, put the perfect program together, be the best coach possible and think that just by being amazing that they're gonna get clients, that's not reality, that's not the way the real world works. All you're gonna get from me is me shooting straight with you telling you exactly what works you got it is that a good agreement that we can have? Is that an agreement that we can come to that if you're going to listen to me, I'm going to tell you what works. And I'm not going to Patty Cake it. I'm not going to beat around the bush at all. You need more leads, you need more clients, you need more people that you're selling to on a regular basis to grow your business. And you got to answer why don't I have that right now? And every single one of us has an answer to that, answer it for yourself. Why do I not have more leads in my business? Why do I not have more clients in my business right now? Whatever that answer is, is solvable. And that's what I help people with, as I help them solve whatever that reason is that they don't have new clients. And one of those is they don't have a good lead magnet, they don't have a good system. They don't have a good funnel to get qualified prospects in front of them to then buy into their coaching. And that's what I'm going to show you how to do this Saturday, as I have a free event where I'm gonna walk you through how to create your perfect lead magnet by having the messaging dialed in, in a way that connects with your prospect. The people that want to buy from you. You don't have to work so hard. My client Rick Pino, he's doing a million dollars a month in coaching in the songwriting space, my client, Joshua Giles $150,000. And in one month in the entrepreneurship space in the spiritual space, my client, some of y'all know her Sandy Creek kowski. I

[56:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: do the copywriting for Sandy, and the emails and the offers and we create the lead magnets that have her business, doing 10s of millions of dollars every single month, teaching people how to trade stocks, teaching people how to how to invest their money wisely right now in this market, it's a great time to invest. And so we have developed a lead magnets that are getting 1000s of people into her pipeline every single day. And in fact, I worked with my mom to build her business to $20 million, started my own business. And now I consult business owners, coaches and trainers on how to get more clients. And so if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, if you're somebody that wants to get more prospects into your pipeline, more people to sell to more people buying your programs, like my client Dawn over $35,000 a month with her coaching. Like my client, Angie, she made $5,000 In one month after the training that I'm going to give you this Saturday after she learned how to make the perfect lead magnet after she learned how to find alignment with her customers, or my client. Nathan is making over $12,000 A month teaching animation to high school students using this exact methodology. Exactly what I'm going to show you this Saturday and so if you want to successfully build a coaching business if you want to make six and seven figures I'd love to show you how I'd love to show you the process that's working right now, this month in our business. Last month, we did close to $90,000 in sales. This month, we're at 45,000. Like I said, we kind of have ups and downs, we're not quite a seven figure business yet. We're getting there. We're getting there. But we are a multi six figure passive income stream in our business. And that's what I'll show you how to do, how we've helped our clients, how we've done for our business, and what's working this week, right now, so that you don't have to guess so that you don't have to wonder is this really the right strategy, I'm gonna show you the right strategy that works. So click the link register for this free event this Saturday, it's a live interactive zoom call a strategy session where we're going to work together to build your perfect offer, I'm going to show you how to do this from the ground up so that you can get more clients that you can grow that email list, your email list is the greatest asset that you can have your your email list converts 100 times more than your social media following. Sometimes even more than that, a lot of people are focusing way too much and getting social media followers. For every 100 social media followers you have one person on your email list is worth that much to you. And so when you understand how that math works out, it's like having 1000 people on your email list is like having 100,000 social media followers when you do this the right way. And that's what I'm gonna show you how to do. You don't need to be posting a whole bunch on social media, you don't need to be spending a whole bunch of time trying to convince people to buy from you. You just have to know a few simple things on how to talk to your target customer, how to connect with them, the people that actually want to buy from you. And then you just show them what you offer. You just show them the thing that you sell. You just show them the thing, and they buy it. It's that simple. Why aren't you doing this every single month? Here's my question, why wouldn't you sign up for this? Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you want more clients? Do you like wasting time in your business? Do you like spinning your wheels and nothing's working? Do you like trying to get clients? And it's not working out? If if that's what you like, great. But if you're still watching this video, if you're if you're watching this video, I would ask you to really think about am I actually doing everything that I can to get new business in front of me every single week? And why am I not? What am I so afraid of? What's stopping me? What beliefs do I have that are limiting me from stepping out and putting my business out there to get in front of new people? It's a question to answer for yourself. It's question to answer for yourself as to why you're you're just sitting there. Why you're not getting new prospects? Why are you banging your head against the wall trying things that aren't working? And when are you ready to change and start doing what actually works? That's what I'm going to walk you through in this event on Saturday is what works what's working right now so that you can get results in your business. If you're still watching this. You're waiting for me to say something really cool, really awesome.

[136:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just going to tell you to sign up. I'm going to tell you to register. I'm going to tell you to register for this free event. It's absolutely free this Saturday, and I'll wait while you do. You can click the link. You can sign up I could sit here all night. And wait for you to sign up

[144:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll just sit here laugh the whole time. How's that sound?

[146:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I got you there. I gotcha that time I know. Oh, this is good. This is good. See, a lot of people think that it's there's like this master plan strategy for how you grow your business. I just sit and laugh at a camera. And I get clients. It's awesome. Some of you think that that's juvenile and wouldn't do that because you're afraid of what everybody thinks about you. You're afraid of looking smart sounding smart, Acting smart, doing all the right things. I'm here to tell you that it's not about how smart you are sad about sounding smart. You don't need to be an expert to make six and seven figures. As a coach. I will walk you through that process of how you can take Take what you know right now, and teach it to people who are just a few steps behind you, you like you don't need to, you don't need to be a 19 year expert in your industry to coach people successfully, you just have to know a little bit more than the guy who's knows a little bit less than you, and then pull them up. And you can charge money for that you can charge six and seven figures for that. If you want to work with me one on one, it's $25,000. I'm letting you work with me one on one for free for two hours this Saturday. And I always say handy $25,000 right now and say it's free, you would take that offer. And yet some of you are waiting here on this video. And you haven't registered yet for this free event that we have this Saturday, because for some reason, maybe you think that it's not worth it, it's not the same value, whatever that reason is, I'm telling you, I'm putting a $24,000 guarantee on it. In fact, if you click the link on the post, scroll to the bottom, scroll to the bottom. And there's a $24,000 guarantee at the very bottom of it. I'm not going to actually give you $24,000. But I guarantee you that I will literally hop on a call with you one on one. If you think that I've wasted even a minute of your time at this event. Plus, you get pre trainings, where I'm going to help you leading up to the event to build your business to grow your business. This is the best deal that I've ever offered on this type of training to help you if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, if you're somebody that wants to build a coaching business that wants to start and not be broke, and actually make money. This is the best chance to do so. So click the link on this post. Register now for this free event. And I'll see you there I can't wait for it. All right, I gotta go. Do the pre training in the group actually with the members

