Create & Launch Your Coaching Business To 6 Figures
Date: 2022-10-19T02:05:55.000Z
Duration: 75 min
Otter ID: DKqhSWhbDn3aMSiQ1FIbedHswHA
---

[0:48] Speaker 0: All right Hello, hello hello everybody

[6:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome, welcome, welcome. Welcome to the VIP if you get a little notification that this is streaming on Facebook, I'm streaming it into my streaming, I'm streaming it into my private community here, join us live here. Um, so yeah, so you might get a notification that it's about to be streamed. Don't worry about that, that is me just going into the private client growth accelerator group, I'm doing that. That way, we can get some of them in here as well, which is awesome. Sometimes I do that if people are in there.

[18:36] Speaker 1: All right.

[19:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm excited. So two things I want to address one, thank you, I know that I'm a little bit late on this will. And I know that you guys your time is valuable, and that we will be going a little bit over on the q&a just to accommodate everybody and to give everybody the same value of having an hour. But also, sometimes you do go off schedule, especially when it comes to the coaching business. And here's the decision that I've made is that if somebody loses respect for me, and doesn't want to work with me, because I went over by 10 minutes, they're not somebody that isn't good client for me. If they if people are that upset and find that to be that unprofessional, that I'm 10 minutes late, and it bothers them that much that I can guarantee you that we're not going to work very well together as a coach, because sometimes I give you a little bit of extra time. Sometimes, you know, I'm tend to not be late, except for when technical difficulties happen. But if it emotionally bothers somebody that much when people are 10 minutes over stuff like that, that's that's an area. To work on that I just know, I've had clients that they've been like that, and they have been very upset when I'm 10 minutes late. And so I've told them, hey, you're not a good fit to be a client. The other thing that somebody told me in the group is they posted it and whether they meant it this way or not. I want to address this on here. Before we take some questions. Somebody said, people matter more than money. And I do not need to cut people out of my life to make money. And I completely disagree with the second part of that I agree with people matter more than money. Absolutely, they do. However, there are people in our lives that every season and Steve's that are not healthy for us for where we're going. And so it's not even about cutting them out of your life. For me, most of them have dropped off to where that like, I tend to not actually have to cut people out of my life. I don't think I've actually I've cut two people out because they were they were actually very abusive people, friends that I had, so I did the no contact with them. But the majority of time people just end up leaving because when you set a boundary, they benefited from your lack of boundaries. And so now they are upset that you've changed, and they can't use you the way that they used to. And so those people are going to drop off. And if you're trying to please people and make them happy, so they don't leave you that usually does point two to a wound, it can also point to some very bad religious teaching that's out there. There's some some religious teaching that's related to the fact that like boundaries are bad. And like, you know, Jesus wouldn't have a boundary with you. And so why would you have a boundary with somebody else type training. I don't agree with that, personally, especially when it comes to business. If I have people in my life, you know, they can call me whenever they want the people that I have chosen to do life with. Right. And I have an open line of communication with them. But also, if I'm doing something else, I'm not going to drop everything just to do something for somebody else. I will see how it can work into my life or I will go find somebody that can help them right. And if I can't go help somebody move or do something like that, I might go find somebody that can or hire some people as somebody that I feel like God has called me to create wealth, I can help people by hiring others to help other people. That makes sense. And so with that I can then choose to to I can then choose to do that. Robert, you got to you got to blow up the the screen if it's a small screen. So anyways, all right, who has a question?

[80:24] Speaker 1: who has a question for me today.

[82:24] Speaker 0: Ultimately,

[83:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: to build our business, it's going to take changing our habits. And if you got really good boundaries, and you're doing that, and you got great messaging, and you got a ton of people that are buying from you, um, then it's really easy to scale things, because all you got to do is just tweak your offer a little bit. Andrea, Andrea?

[90:00] Speaker 3: Hey, can you hear me? Yes. Okay, perfect. So, I am doing great, this training is amazing. I am inspired by it. And I wanted to ask you, Well, yesterday, I asked you what my next step was for the next 24 hours, because I made a decision yesterday to start coaching. And so I've done that. And I want to ask the next 24 hours, my next step. And then the other question I have is, you talked about codependency and boundaries. And as I'm getting started in the coaching industry, I would love to hear more, like maybe one or two examples of when you first started, how did you learn to really create strong boundaries and things like that?

[101:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw I had a lot of people that like they thought that they would get unlimited access to me at all times. And so it's all about communicating expectations. It's about making sure that you communicate upfront, this is how you get access to me, this is what you get. And outside of that you're not getting anything else. And contracts can help with that as well. I had a client who they dropped me because he couldn't call me at 11 o'clock at night. And he felt that he was very dishonored by that he felt that I was a I was I was a very disrespectful person, that I would not answer the phone to answer his questions at that time. He says I'm paying you $5,000 a month, I should get access to you whenever I want. And he said that I was wicked and disobedient to what God had called me to. And I told him, I don't think this is going to work out. And so and so that's, you know, that's great. That's awesome. You know, especially I find people use religion to manipulate people. And that's what I think that that guy was doing. Another great example is just not fearing, missing out not having FOMO a lot. And so I had another client where I did it to myself, I had a lack of boundaries, they were really helping change the world, my client, Georgia and ban off if you ever heard of Georgia and Beto. He helps rescue kids on a child sex trafficking. And so by me, helping him make more money in his courses and coaching. I'm helping them rescue kids out of sex trafficking, okay. And so I actually was allowing my desire, I had no boundaries on how much time I was giving them. Because I felt like if I didn't give them more of my time that there were children that were being trafficked, and that I was responsible for trafficked children if I didn't give unlimited amounts of time. And that was a belief inside of me that I had to make peace with the fact that I'm only one person and I can impact a whole lot more people in the world by doing what I know that I'm called to do and not allowing fear, to dictate and to control what I'm doing not allowing guilt to be what drives me.

[136:10] Speaker 0: Okay, okay, thank you.

[136:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Robert, Apostle, NEFT and Tiffen

[138:32] Speaker 1: definitely, yeah, thank you. Yeah, um, I want to know, how, how do you launch the the cost creation? Yeah. How do you carry out the launching?

[143:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: You create a website, like a one page website.

[144:27] Speaker 1: I have started. I've gone further into it, but how do you do the launching when you're through that? What are you?

[146:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you What are you talking about?

[147:47] Speaker 1: I mean, launching your online course.

[149:58] Speaker 1: How do I launch it? How do I launch my course because I'm almost through with setting it up. Okay,

[152:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: but so you already have your landing page and your OPT in offer and your your lead capture form?

[154:19] Speaker 1: No, I didn't. I didn't say that. But I've been working on the course itself. Okay.

[156:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, so that's the first that's what that's what we're going to go over and I think you were on my last the five day when I did in August. Okay, we talked similarly about that. You need to create an offer where people sign up with their name and email address. Okay, and then you get in front of people that you can sell to, and connect with, and tell them about the course. And then you put a web like a page together with the course and a button where they click the button and they can give you money. What platform did you build the course on?

[164:28] Speaker 1: I, I started with the Thinkific. Okay, but yeah, but I also have my personal one on my website.

[167:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So think if it gives you pricing buttons, when you make the course, there's a button like where it says pricing. And then when they click on the pricing, it takes them to a page where they give their credit card or you know what I'm talking about? That's right, yeah. So then you take that link, where they give the credit card, and you put that on a page that talks about what the course is, and what the benefits of the course are, and what they're going to get a page that looks similar to like the page where people sign up for my courses. Okay, and so then you launch it by putting an offer out there that's free, that people will connect with you about the topic that you solve in the course. Okay, and then you create a free event, where you meet over zoom, and you end up talking to people about what the course is, and then you make an invitation at the end for those people to go by it. And that's how you launch it. Okay, so that's the majority of that, the part that we'll go over in the nuance, because like, that's, that's simple. I feel like like, that's very simple. And that's literally all you do. The work part of it is how do you dial in the language and the messaging that's going to attract the right people? And then how do you run the advertising campaigns and make sure that you don't lose a lot of money attracting the wrong people? And then how do you make sure that they actually take action and buy from you when you're talking with them. And so that's the process that we're going to be spending the next three days going over. And we're gonna go more in depth than the last one that you did. We're gonna dive e way deeper into a lot of this. And then that's what I work with people in my coaching to do as I work with them to create those offers to go over their ads to help guide them through the process of scripting out their ads, and what do I say? And then how do you actually scale this? Does that make sense? That's right. Yeah. Awesome.

[198:24] Speaker 1: Thank you. Yep. All right, Chad.

[200:01] Speaker 0: Right, so could you I mean, you started saying it, and then I think I didn't get it all down. So could you just give us an like a high overview, step by step, like process of what we have to have. So you started seeing landing page layout, right? You said often, yep. And then what's after that, and then after

[207:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: the opt in, they go to your email auto responder. And then after the email autoresponder you basically invite them to join you in a Facebook group or zoom, those are the two that we use like a zoom link or a Facebook group group. And then you can use Zoom to go live in the Facebook group we might have an upsell page I'd recommend you have an upsell with like a backstage q&a that helps pay for some of your advertising costs and it helps you connect with the people that are really interested in what you're doing to be able to answer questions you want to have that feedback loop in there like you guys are I'll just be super honest, are part of a massive brain experiment for me that are in here to hear what you what people want and I literally am designing all of my offers off of what all of you are saying during the next five days. And so all of my future offers are based off of the people that I get in front of and the questions they ask so then from there you actually show up and do the event that's what we're doing here. You want to you want to create a page where they where they buy your your program that's what I was sharing with apostle Robert right there it was that part and then you know, you can follow up with them with email or in a Facebook group setting or you know, access to training and think if ik sometimes we'll use a Facebook group. There's another platform called circle that so that is like a Facebook group that you can use if you don't want to be on Facebook you can use circle that so one that my mom uses is called tribe platform. And so tribe platform is very similar to circle that so to where like you can log in here and access i By the way, I've never actually set up tried platforms. I don't know how it works. If you're like how did you set that up? I don't know. My mom. I think Andrea is husband helped set it up right

[240:00] Speaker 0: I don't know. Did I think he did?

[241:13] Speaker 3: He might have he probably did. Let's see there. He is outside. When he comes in, yeah, yeah,

[243:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think well, so this is my mom's like back. It's like a Facebook group, but it's not in Facebook. And so this is her high level $10,000 program you guys are seeing behind the scenes, a $10,000 coaching program is just video is with my mom and her group of people in here, this could also be done in a Facebook group where they talk about stocks. Okay. And so like that's in tribe platform right there. And so that's where you can, but we, I use a Facebook group for it. So you don't need to use that my mom also use the Facebook group. If you're talking about stuff that might get you banned off of Facebook, you may not want to use a Facebook group. So

[255:13] Speaker 0: so that's a lot of steps. Like, is there like just one platform that covers all those steps kind of thing?

[256:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I usually have people use two platforms. So it depends on so here's the thing, cost effective squarespace.com combined with thinkific.com. And I teach people how to use squarespace.com. And think if ik.com Because the cost to the cost to get it up and running is the lowest using these two platforms combined. Yep, think if IK and then email us on MailChimp, and then we'll use a Facebook group. So we use a Facebook group MailChimp, thinkific.com and Squarespace and then zoom. Okay. One that kind of does does it all is Kajabi. It's a little more expensive. But they do the email and they do the landing pages. And suddenly that's being released soon. That's supposed to do at all is Clickfunnels 2.0. If Clickfunnels 2.0 does better than Kajabi. I would recommend everybody moved to that they're not up and running yet. So Clickfunnels is kind of expensive. So is Kajabi those are kind of like the Ferrari of it. I usually have people start with like a well tuned Honda. Like Squarespace and and the Thinkific like you can tune it, you can work on it Kajabi and Click Funnels like you can work on it, but they got the bells and whistles and they're the most expensive. So we use for our for our clients that are making multiple six figures. We're using Click Funnels and Kajabi for their stuff. But I personally am actually still using Squarespace and Thinkific. So you can grow with Squarespace and Thinkific to an unlimited level.

[284:02] Speaker 0: Awesome, what a What about like words? Like, not not Squarespace, but like WordPress, yeah, Wordpress, that kind of WordPress

[286:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: becomes hard to manage, because you have to manage the security and the servers on that. That's not your expertise, it might not be the best if you understand computer science and it and servers and stuff. You can benefit from that. But you got to update a lot of stuff. I prefer these platforms, because there's a lot less that you can break on them. And they're a lot easier to learn than WordPress. Okay. All right. Yeah. Awesome. Um, all right, any other? Who else has? I saw a few people's hands go up and down? I honestly don't remember who had their hands up. So who else had their hands up that wants to ask a

[296:39] Speaker 1: question? May Marinda?

[298:55] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'm thinking, my focus right now is just thinking about the results, you know, the 10% Understand the marketing and getting out there and the messaging that you're going to help us with, but I guess I'm feeling a little internal fear of how do I know they're going to get results? You know, how do I can? You know, yeah, that promise?

[303:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a big part of when you create your offer that's actually connected with and your messaging is to the right person, is it's less likely that you're not going to get them result, meaning, if I'm marketing to all people on the internet, I'm gonna help you get sales, right. But really, it's coaches and course creators that I help get sales with the most. If I only focus on coaches, and course creators, I'm more likely to get people results because that's the people that I have the most experience in doing. Here's the other big part of this, if you're just getting started, your community will actually tell you by asking you questions as to what their goals are and what results they want. And so if you just focus on what the customer wants, not what you want to give them, this is very important. You have to separate what is the customer want from what do you want to give them? So you need to actually deliver on what the customer wants and all of your marketing is based on what they want. And usually what they want is actually very simple is actually very easy. And then you can give them more and dive into that. Now the other side of it is by learning skills with coaching, you don't need to be an expert when you're coaching people, you can pull out of people what they need help with, and be able to ask questions and, and by asking strategic questions, you can find out what somebody needs help with, and lead them to the answer themselves. You don't have to be the All Knowing expert. I'm not a huge knowledgeable person on like, I know, sales, but I'm not the best at it. So I tell people to check this book out, that's written by an expert that has gotten people results. And so part of my coaching is actually leading people to the best resources, books, YouTube videos, and trainings that other people have that support these different things. For instance, if somebody needs help with a lot of the tech skills, like Chad mentioned yesterday, I still recommend a lot of people go to YouTube to look up a lot of that, because you're gonna find a lot of the tech stuff on YouTube better than any course you can buy. And then once you go to YouTube, and here's what I tell people to do in my client growth accelerator. If you're watching this, and you're hearing this, go through YouTube, and then post the YouTube video in the group and say, Hey, I watched this video, I didn't quite understand it. And then I'm usually able to get feedback as to like, oh, that's this. It's that right there. Now, if you're helping people out with stuff that you have, like no knowledge about whatsoever, your goal is to actually find two things. What do you know a little bit more than most people about? Most people's like the whole population? What do you feel like you notice a little bit more than most people, but you're not an expert, you can coach on that you can help people on that. I could build a whole business on boundaries and codependency coaching. I know for a fact that I could build a million dollar business around boundaries and codependency coaching. But I can make more money teaching what I have 19 years experience in which is getting sales, marketing, and growing coaching businesses. And so I include into my training, boundaries training, I will train about boundaries a lot. However, I'm not a qualified therapist. So I recommend people go check out a therapist when it comes to that type of stuff. Because I'm not going to be doing therapy with people. I have I you know, it's a I don't think it's ethical to do that if you're not trained to do it. So there's other aspects to that. There's it's hotly debated in the life coaching community as to what is therapy and what is life coaching, I tend to stay away from that. So but if that's you, if you're like obsessed with that, and like therapy is your thing, but you're like, I don't want to be a therapist, but I want to be a life coach. Great. Like, that's awesome, you know, more than the average person about that topic. And that's why you're doing that. I just started going to a therapist a year ago. Could I build a six figure business around life coaching? And therapy actually could very easily? Could I build a six figure business around a lot of things? Can I build a six figure business on how to play fortnight and win? Absolutely. But I'm not going to like that's gonna be the best place for me to go. And so a look at what are people asking you for help with all the time and be what are they willing to spend money with you for and and when you increase the level of money that people are willing to give you, somebody is willing to give me $30,000 to generate a 5 million $10 million ROI for them. I'm gonna go where that is versus $97 or $27. Clients. Okay. And so that's about pivoting, what your niche is based off of where you can make the most amount of money. Does that make sense?

[378:54] Speaker 4: So you were talking about recreating the content, you have those tools that you gave us. But I guess I'm kind of thinking about the crazy intro offer. And I know that you really, from what I heard with Josh and us like, you can build a content later once you get them on the Facebook page in the answer the three questions, right? Yeah, yeah. What are you wanting to learn? And then you can build a content because you just attack those

[384:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: questions, right? And you create a feedback loop where people actually telling you what they want to learn from you. And then you just build out the content based off of answering that.

[386:47] Speaker 4: Is that the feedback loop you're talking about? Is that Facebook?

[387:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Private? Well in the questions, also, if you're on here with me, this is a feedback loop right here. If you're on this live training with me, I'm hearing from you your questions as well, on a deeper level. So in the coaching, as soon as you actually start coaching people, you're gonna get a lot of more feedback from actual people that want to hire you. And so that's why it's important to start coaching people first because your content is going to be better after you start coaching people. That's why I find it a it's a waste of time for people to spend so much time mapping out their program mapping out their course if they've never actually coached anybody. They've never actually worked with somebody. And so it's better to actually just start gathering some people around you getting some people that you can work with that you can coach And yes, there is an argument and a debate about whether that is ethical and has integrity. If you as somebody that has no experience has any right to teach or coach anybody, I agree and think that you do and that you don't need to worry about what other people think. I think that if you can help guide somebody to resources, that's why you don't have to be the expert. If you can guide people to books, resources, YouTube videos, that can help solve their problem, and you're willing to get into the weeds and work with them through that, then you are somebody that is a catalyst to the result in their life. You don't have to know everything, academia, and school has taught us that our value isn't how smart we are. And that's the furthest thing from the truth. I'm very passionate about this. Because growing up, I was always told Jeremiah, you're so smart, you're so smart. And so anytime I did something dumb, I felt like a worthless human. I didn't feel like I had any value. If somebody said that was dumb, or that was stupid, I associated Oh, that was stupid with you are worthless and don't deserve love. And sometimes that teaching makes us think, Well, I'm not going to be good enough to put coaching out there. Unless I'm an expert and know everything, we have to break up with finding our value and our worth and what we know, and what we can do, and how well we can perform and how we can produce results. And a lot of people say that, that they that's an identity issue right there. And I worked with people through that. And I will talk with people through that. If they have questions around, I don't, I don't feel like I have any value unless I perform. Some people also feel like people shouldn't have value unless they perform. That's because of how they were raised was in a transactional value based performance for love system.

[430:56] Speaker 0: That was the house I grew up in.

[431:43] Speaker 1: That was the church I was in.

[432:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, my you know, my mom, and I've gotten a lot of healing for this, we're close, I talk with her all the time I work with her. Our relationship is not based on what I can do for her anymore. Our relationship, my relationship with anybody, it's not based on what I can do for them. And when you come into a coaching business, that becomes a temptation to find our worth in the results that we can produce for people. Which is why then you feel like an imposter when you're getting started. And you don't have a track record. How can you market yourself with confidence. And that becomes the conundrum where most people get stuck. It's different for everybody. But what I've found is that you literally have to detach yourself from your identity being found in your performance. And you need to learn to accept whatever outcome happens when you launch your business. And you need to learn to love yourself more. You need to increase your level of self esteem and realize that your worth is not tied to what you do. Your worth is tied to the fact that you are an amazing human being that God created that has so much potential and dreams and that no matter what you do or accomplish, you are still an incredible, amazing person. Now, at the end of the day, yes, if you're not delivering results, people can come back and ask for their money back. That's why we offer a money back guarantee. If you're a person of integrity, you're going to be somebody that wants to deliver results, but you're going to get better at delivering results. By doing it not thinking about it and not worrying about I'm not good enough yet, you're actually going to deliver results by getting into the weeds by getting into the coaching, by working with people and getting better at it as you go. So that the people that you coach in the beginning are kinda like your test coaching are kind of like your test subjects. They're you're experimenting with them to learn what you're doing now, here's the thing in the in the ministry world, and then we got a lot of ministers and people in there in the ministry world that is like blasphemous, to experiment on on people with ministry and spiritual teaching, okay, I am not qualified to speak on that. And whatever your religion is, whatever your beliefs are, I'm not qualified to speak on that. But I will say that this has nothing to do with business. And I would like you to invite you to separate the idea of religious rules from business. I refuse to bring religion into business. That's why I say I believe in God, but I refuse to bring religious rules and control and systems that people have created that say what I can and can't do and don't have permission to do and deserve to be punished if I do or don't into what I do to build a business. Okay, and so hopefully that was helpful for you. I know I was monologuing a little bit there, but

[478:31] Speaker 0: yeah. All right, Pastor Janet.

[479:55] Speaker 5: Hey, Good evening to you, Jeremiah and to everyone. How are you? I'm wonderful. I have a couple of questions if you can clarify. It's think if ik the, the place where we actually put the video recordings of the course. Yeah. Is that? Okay?

[485:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like when when people buy from you, that's where they kind of like they don't get access unless they purchase that type of

[487:06] Speaker 5: thing. And then Squarespace is that about is that where we're going to be able to create the landing pages Squarespace a website. That's

[489:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: where that's where I build the landing pages is on Squarespace. Yes. Okay.

[490:16] Speaker 5: Okay, cool. I'm on the right page right there.

[490:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: There you go. So,

[491:27] Speaker 5: so, so I launched something a few months ago. And I called it reprogramming your subconscious for weight loss. I'm in the weight loss space, through a network marketing kind of network marketing company. But I wanted to do something else besides talk about products. I wanted to bring in the mindset aspect of losing weight, being healthy, that kind of thing. And so I launched something, it was like a 45 minute video training. And I use Zoom. Yeah, to do the presentation. And as well as collect emails, I use MailChimp to put together a little flow, you know, for the email sequence. Yeah. The only thing that I did not do was I didn't have I didn't know how to run traffic or anything like that. And then the second thing, Jeremiah, I'm not sure I have the right name. Even this one, even though it's what I want to do, I don't I'm not sure that I have the right name to attract people to that.

[510:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you mean, what's your name?

[511:28] Speaker 5: The name, I mean, the name of the program was reprogram your mind your subconscious for weight loss. Okay. I don't know if that's, you know, I don't know if that's

[513:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: a trend to have you sell any of it?

[514:34] Speaker 5: I didn't, I didn't sell any of it at all. I, I was on that trajectory, where you were talking about yesterday, I believe, where I was actually, I had people on a discovery call. Okay, because that was what was recommended for me to do. And I think only like 12, maybe 12 people registered

[520:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: for it. So people on a discovery call.

[521:15] Speaker 5: I got I got 12 people on the video training on the presentation in itself. Okay. Okay. And out of the 12 people, four people actually scheduled a discovery call.

[524:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's pretty good. Okay.

[525:42] Speaker 5: But I was not able to upsell anybody into anything.

[526:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so that dives into, like, what did they feel was the disconnect between what you were offering and what they wanted?

[529:27] Speaker 5: Well, I think for the most part, and I could have been targeting the wrong group of people, but the most part people didn't want to didn't want to pay the cost. And it wasn't, it wasn't that much. It was like, yeah, 297 and maybe it was too low? I don't know.

[534:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it could have been too low. Definitely. That's one, that's one of the things. And the perceived value again to them was it wasn't worth the exchange of that much money with you, is they didn't see that what they were gonna get out of it was worth that. And so in that that's where it's our responsibility to sell people on the value that we're offering to demonstrate that value. And then we go back to the drawing board, and we say, okay, how can we improve that? How can we get better at the language that we use the words that we use? How do we attract better, more qualified people to the offer and make sure as well, that what you were selling is directly aligned with the free thing that you're doing? So that the free thing that you're doing and what you're selling are exactly the same as each other? Okay, so you want what you were selling and the thing that you the free event to be exactly the same?

[547:53] Speaker 5: Okay, so did the free the free event, the 45 minute presentation, right? Yeah. So you're saying the next thing that I offer up is directly related to that? Yeah. Okay. And okay. And then and it was main thing was directly related. There was no, yeah, there was no disconnect. So did

[553:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: you did you ask them questions to understand deeper as to why? Because here's the thing, I'll say this price is never the issue. People say price is the issue. It's never really the issue. There's a deeper issue. Okay, and price could be the issue that they'll use to justify it to themselves. But you'll want to really ask questions to identify what the real issue was. And it could just be down to that they didn't want It'll be hard. They didn't they think they either thought it was too hard. They thought it was unbelievable. They thought they couldn't do it, they thought it was going to take too long, or they just didn't trust themselves to take action to actually follow through with it. Okay, and so those are actually the real issues, but people say it's price.

[565:09] Speaker 5: Okay, so you believe

[565:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we can actually figure out what those issues are. And then you can craft your messaging and your sales pitch to address those objections before they even come up.

[568:32] Speaker 5: Okay, that's that that's, that was golden, right there. Yep. Okay, so would you know, that the next time I do this, that I've run some ads to something because I did not just basically, social media kind of posting inviting inbox inviting, because I didn't know how to do the, the, you know, the a piece of it. Yeah.

[576:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, we're gonna go through over the next couple of days, like how to hone in and dial in your messaging and your offer, okay. And so we also want to make sure that that we tune that and tweak that a little bit, as far as like what your offer is what you're offering to make sure that it's aligned to the right people, because then that's what determines when you run the ads, what the cost is, because you can end up spending 100 $700 per person, or you can end up spending $5 per person, I would rather spend $5 per person, then 700. You know, and so for like a free event, the average range that will usually cost you for a lead is between 25 three to $25 a lead, okay? For our business, it cost me $15 A lead to get people onto their training like this. Every single lead that I get in is 15 bucks for my coaching business. And it actually breaks down to out of that, let me let me do some math here. It's $100 per person in ad spend, to get people on to, to register for the VIP on this. It's almost $200 in my ad spend just to get people to show up to the VIP like you guys are right now. Oh, wow. So So for new people that actually show up to the VIP, it's about $200 in ad spend. Okay, so I gotta make sure that I can make that back. So y'all are wondering, like, why do you price it so high, because you can't make money if you price it so cheap. I can't make money in this economy by pricing stuff cheap, just because I want to help people. You know, that's just the economics of it. There's no like, magic formula around that. As far as pricing goes, especially for coaches, and course creators. And so yeah, if you offer support, if you're if you're, if you have a course, you should always bump your price up to at least 1000 to $2,000. And then add support to whatever your course is. So you could have just one course, here's the thing I offer a lot. I got like tons of courses. I give people tons of ways to interact with me. So the value that I'm offering for how much I charge for my coaching program is it's distance proportion differently. And so but but off of that, the you don't have to have a million courses, you could have one course and then just offer q&a, to bring value to people and that becomes the support that they have through that and then you can charge $1,000 for that.

[621:45] Speaker 1: Okay. All right. Thank you.

[623:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Vanessa, Vanessa.

[625:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Looks like Susan had a question too. In the chat. You know what Susan went Susan asked a little earlier. Let me take hers real quick, Vanessa. That's fine. I'll take your Susan Susan.

[631:00] Speaker 1: Susan, is she still on here? Here I am.

[633:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello. How are you? I'm good. All right. What question do you have?

[634:58] Speaker 6: How do you get enough to say an eight date for eight days program is just listening to what you have to say or going over that.

[637:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you get enough? How do you get enough of what

[638:03] Speaker 6: to whatever you're offering? You know, how do you say enough to make it stretch out for eight days?

[640:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's a big part of the feedback loop is why you want to actually learn what people want to learn. And you'll have enough to say, based off of the amount of questions that come in from people, that's why the more you coach with people, you will actually have enough to say, the more you work with people, because you just make a log and the list of what all they do. That's why I transcribe all of these and I have an assistant and then writes down a list of all the questions that are asked, and I build offers off of those, and I craft all my content off of that. So yeah, it's It happens by actually doing the work, it doesn't come before you do it. That's why again, launching an offer, getting people that you can coach in front of you is actually what's going to grow your coaching business, not mapping out a course first, not mapping out a coaching program, you can have, like a rough map out like your first course great. But if you're taking longer than 30 days to record your course and map it out, you're wasting your time. You're You're to float. And the reason people do that is they they're too they're too afraid of it not being good enough, and they don't trust themselves enough. Is the biggest reason why. So all right, Vanessa?

[660:17] Speaker 1: Jeremiah? Yes,

[660:42] Speaker 7: I just have to say, I cannot believe this is only day two, because awesome. So much fire. Okay, I wanted to I wanted to recommend a book. I've really just started reading it. But it's already kind of hitting on some of the things that you've been sharing, and it's called Stand your brand by Patrick Jin tiempo. I'll put it in the I think that's how you say it, I'll put it in the comment for everybody. Because I just wanted to suggest it because it's already kind of going along with because I feel like for me, I'm still kind of like reeling around, getting the niche down. Because I have so much content, I think from over 20 years, but you're really helping to level that out. I'm needing to understand some of the logistics of this though. When you say every lead, it's about $100 per person. We're talking about ad spend and Facebook. So does that mean that everybody that opts in or clicks into, right? It pulls from your budget, because I've never run an ad. So I'm I'm trying to understand that

[678:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: they they they charge you based off of the the thout like a set a group of 1000 people seeing your ad they charge you based off of that about 10 to $20 for every 1000. Okay, algorithm shows people at that and it gives you an average cost per lead. And then it'll optimize based off of that cost. So when we're running ads, we're optimizing, we're telling, we're asking the algorithm to show our ads to people and this is skipping, I'm gonna talk about this on day four. We're day four and five, we're really gonna go into this.

[687:41] Speaker 7: Sorry, no, that's fine. That about like,

[688:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: no worries, I'm just jumping ahead, because we're gonna go in depth into this. So that's what we have to look forward to, which is cool. Um, no need to apologize at all. The algorithm. You You tell it, show my ad to people that are most likely to become a lead. Okay, optimizes your ad based off of the actual action of them becoming a lead. And then what you do is you train the algorithm to find more of those people.

[696:55] Speaker 7: Wow, okay,

[697:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you're just telling the algorithm, go find me people with this problem, that are looking for this solution, and only show it to people that are most likely to be a lead. Now, how does Facebook know who's more likely to be a lead, there's a documentary on Netflix called the social dilemma I just watched that talks about they have 10s of 1000s of data points on everybody's activity of who your friends are, who you talk to how you interact what you do. And that creates a profile for you where artificial intelligence sorts you and ranks you for advertisers. And so then as an advertiser, when you get people visiting your website, when you get people even just watching a video on your social media, one of the best ways that we tell people to train their their first look alike audience is you create a series of five videos, and you run video view ads on a small budget of like 200 bucks, and it will then create 500 to 1000 people who watched at least 75% of your video. Watch 75% of a 10 minute video are pretty interested in what you're talking about. Okay, especially if it's related to what you sell. Then you tell the algorithm go find me 5 million people who are similar to who watch 75% of my video I love that okay, and that makes me say okay, out of those people find me the ones that are most likely to become leads. Once you get 1000 leads, you have the algorithm make it off of the leads. And then once you get 1000 purchases, you have it based off of those that have actually become paid purchasing customers. And that's usually the level you get to once it reaches that you're already out multi seven figures. Okay? And that's why it goes like crazy, because you know how to target exactly who's going to buy from you at all times. And then you just create offers that those people want. And you'll make 10s of millions of dollars off of that, because the algorithm is only going to show your ad to people that are actually interested buyers.

[727:40] Speaker 7: Okay, thank you for that. And then also, I wanted to ask about, like, you've mentioned social media and like, you know, the different platforms? Do we really need to be on all the social medias? Like, or? Yeah, okay, I think so. Because you're using Jasper? Sorry.

[733:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I think posting at least once a day across all platforms is important.

[734:56] Speaker 7: Okay, so. So you're using Jasper AI to make all of those different posts, because like, it's exhausting to try to keep up with that. Like, if you're doing individual stuff for everybody, especially for somebody like me, that's a writer that wants to I'm not I can't call myself an author yet, because I haven't produced my book yet. But I'm working on that. So like

[740:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jasper has a template that creates captions and stuff like that, that you can use very easily. Okay, perfect. As well, we use a tool called otter AI. So I'll record a quick little video. And then I'll just transcribe it with otter AI. I'll put that into Jasper and it'll create the caption for me. For me, though, here's how I come up with most of my content. Now, in the beginning, I was doing that more. Now. It's like if I like am on a coaching call with somebody, I will literally make note of three things that I want to maybe record a piece of content for it, type it up real quick and then I go schedule it in Hopper HQ.

[749:24] Speaker 7: Offer what was that called Papa

[749:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hopper HQ.

[750:36] Speaker 0: That's what I mean.

[751:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so Hopper HQ is what we use to actually schedule out the content. Okay. And it'll go it'll do Instagram reels. Yeah, it does. reels. Yep. It does. reels, and it automatically APR for you?

[755:19] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay, perfect.

[755:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there you go. Yeah. Oh, whoops. I muted you. Sorry, that was an accident. Accident.

[758:02] Speaker 7: That's okay. Um, but that's what I do is I'm using those coaching, you know, the inspirations from my coaching times with my clients, and then just posting based on that or writing something based on that. Yeah. And that's

[761:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you create your, your product and your course and your group coaching around is what is the problem that you're solving for those people that you're working with?

[763:59] Speaker 7: Absolutely. Thank you so much, Jeremiah. This is just a wealth of you guys. Seriously, like I've been struggling online. I've really been struggling online for three years just bumbling around not having anybody you know what I mean? And and so my first year, literally, absolutely nothing. Like I was just investing. And then, but But I started running events. And I've been doing live videos weekly on my page, just to kind of get my feelers out there and see. And I've been doing that for three years. I have three years. I'm kind of like, you know, when you were smarter and did it on YouTube, I was doing it on Facebook Live.

[774:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to live to for three years. Yeah, where are you?

[774:48] Speaker 7: So I just got on there was doing reading and like readings and like doing like engagement, you know what I mean? And just engagement and letting people come and talk and seeing what the interest was exactly

[777:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I did for a couple years. But I wasn't made but you don't make a whole lot doing that. Yeah, I was making zero. Yeah, here's what's cool all the data you have from doing that. I'm going to tell you from somebody that did that, because you literally have done what I Okay, so this is cool. So Vanessa, you are an archetype of the type of client that I want. I want to find somebody people that they've been grinding on social media for three years, but haven't gotten sales.

[784:38] Speaker 7: Yes. Because I guess sales but they've been or by Origin. busting my butt. Yeah, you're

[786:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: having to work like crazy for consistent sales and you're busting your butt. Yeah. And so So that right there what you just said, I need to implement into my sales copy my messaging to attract more Vanessa's

[789:56] Speaker 7: more. You know what, you know what attracted me Jeremiah, is because you were giving out all this value. Yeah. And you weren't it wasn't that sleazy sell thing or whatever. It's like I can come in and learn for and connect with you because I want to build the trust. And you've said it so many times. Right? And it's huge for me like that. Integris. You know, this is how I want to do business. I want it to be authentic. And then I even did a three day intensive event. So when I heard your same language, yeah. And I saw that you flow like I do, which is that reverse engineering process? Yeah. Which if people don't know Human Design and this may cross some boundaries for religious stuff, but it's kind of it incorporates astrology and all this other stuff. But anyway, human design actually talks about the majority of us being what's called generator types. And that means that we need to respond to something, we need something to come to us in life, and then we respond to it. And that's how we learn. And so you're tapping into, like, 80%. Yeah, of the psycho psychology of human time, by reverse engineering and teaching people to act in their nature to be that generator. So we're, we're created to respond, right? So it's brilliant dude. Like, brilliant. I love it.

[812:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you just reverse engineer, when I when I say is, what do people want? Not what they need. That because that's a big one is is I know what everybody needs. But when I was leading with what people needed, nobody was registering for my trainings. Nobody was getting on the phone with me.

[816:57] Speaker 7: Yeah, we all need money. And so

[817:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: or people were skeptical, like a lot of people, they see an offer, like what I have they they are skeptical. That is what this really is for these five days. I love. They're very gloves. They're very skeptical. So I love I just ignore the skeptics. I like them focus on who can I speak to that I know is going to connect. Right. Love it. All right. Anybody else have any other questions? Any other questions here? Like I said, we'll be going a few minutes over to give extra time to people.

[828:37] Speaker 0: Marinda

[829:12] Speaker 4: Yeah, just a quick question. Yes, stress to launch our our course or challenge, whatever you want to call it, you're going to cover that in the coming days, because I don't want to take time from that if you if you're gonna return that like what that how much we need for you suggest for budget to kind of get the word out there to get people to capture in your contract,

[834:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll do I say most people 300 to 500, for budget on advertising on their first one. And spread out over the course of 10 days. So 30 to 50 bucks a day in ADS. Because that will give you enough data you need and the right leads you want. The other thing you can do is you can start by your first one you posted on all your social media platforms, if you have them. And you tell everybody you know about it that way, at least those people will join you for your first one. And you don't have to spend any money on it on that just to get some data to then on your second one you can spend money on which is a great place to do that. You can also then retarget with ads, anybody who's engaged with your social media, and those are really easy people to get into your first couple of events is just by retargeting people. I've had I've done a ton of events, and I'm still getting people that have followed me for a lot like Andrea. She's followed me for a long time. But this is the first event that she's been in with me. But she's been CMPD every single month I've been Let's go. Let's go. So I love it, which is awesome. All right. Anybody else? Any other questions any other questions from people in here? You got me for a little bit Peter.

[857:33] Speaker 8: Peter Henry. There we go. I'm on high. Is there specifically something we should be doing in the homework like right now I feel like I want to get my messaging down. I want to get those you know those first. Ads and stuff written because, I mean, I told you before I had, you know, had tested some ads that I had done video ads and stuff like that. But the response rate according to my business, Facebook stuff was around 1.7 to 1.9% I don't know if that's good, bad or indifferent. 1% is decent. And I was getting 1.7 mostly on the one not too bad. One favored video right. So but then I left it there haven't done anything with it. And I thought you know, that's where I think. So I did hire a fellow that was helping me that and they use high level.

[873:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, high level is a I've never used it but I've heard that it's really helpful as far as like nurture and connecting like as a CRM. Okay, so and that's where I actually hosted all my videos too.

[876:44] Speaker 8: So I can I can, what I like about it actually, if you guys don't know about it is you can basically take your whole so I did 50 videos in my first course that I did sell fewer but In those 50 videos, you can actually now after hearing you, Jeremiah, I'm thinking way too much. I could have like I have these 10 building blocks of business I told you about. And now what I can do now is take and divide that into 10 different courses instead of trying to sell the big one, so to speak, you know, I mean, yeah. Because I think it's, I think that's maybe the, if I can do a deal where, you know, if you buy, if you get into a few of them, when you booked for the total number of the 10, then you can get a discount of whatever, right? Yeah. So So I guess my question comes down to, is there something that we can be doing in advance just so we can check it out with you? Or is that something that's you purchase? Once you get going to put your boundaries on?

[893:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I would I would have you for tomorrow, come up with who is your customer? Yeah. What problem do they have? You want to actually write these down? Because we're going to start to generate some of these in the live training and taking it from people, what problem do they have? What problem does the customer have? what solution do you offer them? What does your methodology include? As far as how you help serve those people? And what is the best case optimal top 1% scenario of customers and clients results that you would hope that they would get? Like, not everybody will get these results. But what's the best case scenario a result that you can help people get? By writing that down? We utilize Jasper AI to actually write up our copy for our offer. Okay, see, so So goes through and that's where you, I guess we saw that in Jasper yesterday,

[908:12] Speaker 8: was it and that was really interesting for me, because I I've toyed with getting into Jasper, but I didn't know, you know, whether it should? And the answer is like, what keeps them up at night? What

[911:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: are they afraid of their top frustrations? Okay. What's their built in bias? What are they secretly desire? That you can actually ask it like different questions like, Okay, what's a psychological trigger that led somebody to making this buying decision? It will literally tell you that, how does it know all that? Like I said, the open AI system is it's trained on the whole internet. Yeah, it's not actually processing information. It's very intelligent. And then it helps you come up with what we call PS copy problem agitate solution. And most of our landing pages have been written by using actually all of our landing pages that we've had had been written by using Jasper at least get started coming up with those ideas. And if you don't have an idea, but you're like, Okay, I know what niche I want to start with. Jasper can help you answer some of those questions. That's why the VIPs you all got the bonus training on finding your niche that's in the members area. If you're like, I don't know what to coach on. Again, if you go if you go into the members area here.

[929:23] Speaker 1: Oh, just a second. Where is it? It is right.

[931:24] Speaker 0: A different one

[931:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: courses. Here we go. Yeah, so the one that you guys all all have looks like this. So it has the Zoom log in there. But then on the side here, there's PDF worksheets.

[936:01] Speaker 0: Okay. Um,

[937:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: so just go through and do these right away, right. And these are bonus trainings that you guys all got right here. Okay, so these trainings, yeah, these bonus trainings. It's funny. I haven't really pushed this a whole lot. In the in the group. Yeah, we're in this but yeah, in here. You get the live zoom in here. And then you get the PDFs. PDFs are right in here over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Yeah. So if you can't find that, you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. You click on login, and then it'll take you there. Yeah, I saw that. I haven't. I just haven't done them yet. But thank you, if you are in there, and you're like, there's nothing in here. Where is it? Where's the content? These three lines right here, open up a menu. Okay. So if you're on a mobile device that opens up a menu, and so then PDF worksheets that gives you the niches PDF, which has all these 100 niches, okay, ideas that you can choose from. But then from there, you want to actually get into the mind of your target customer and figure out what do they want the most. And that's this, taken from my course irresistible offers that sell all about whom you're selling to. Right you answer these questions. What are they passionate about? What skills can you bring to the table? What are you passionate about that relates to helping people and this is how you identify your niche. Your Niche is always based on who you're helping, not what you teach. Your Niche is not based off of what you Do what you help people solve. It's who they are, and what solution is that person looking for? Because all of your marketing is based off of human psychology and connection. Okay.

[963:33] Speaker 8: That makes sense. Yeah, I'm just looking at that right now. I'm

[964:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little rusty. Yeah. So that gives you a whole bunch of stuff to look at. There's the there's the tech training, there's the finding your niche training in there, the mindset training. This one's really cool, because this was I'm giving it away for free, because I've been doing different ones now. And so it's a three hour, literally three hours, I'm talking for three hours to help coaches jumpstart their coaching business. So this one is like a, this was only for my paid group. And so you guys get all get that as a bonus as well. That three hour training. Yeah, that's great. As part of this VIP, that's why Yeah, this VIP, you get a lot of access to a lot of a lot of interesting stuff, which is good. So um, all right, Susan said, Do you have the PDF for niches? I think I just showed you. So was that your question that you had, Susan? Awesome. All right, Vanessa, we'll take Vanessa, then that will be the last question.

[981:32] Speaker 8: Thank you.

[981:47] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[982:03] Speaker 7: you're well, okay. Sorry, I just popped up. You were giving a recipe I believe it was on the one day and you you just mentioned it again, the pa s. But then you started on that AI? The AI D A. And I think you said attention. Now I may have missed the other three or maybe you intentionally cut them out. But

[987:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: what was the attention? Interest? Desire action?

[988:42] Speaker 7: Okay. Thank you.

[989:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's what it means. Awareness, interest, desire, action. That's

[990:34] Speaker 7: our awareness. Okay. I put it.

[991:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think it's I thought I always thought Yeah, this one says attention. So.

[992:48] Speaker 7: Okay, this one's awareness and interest, desire. And attraction, you see, yeah,

[994:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you get their attention, you pique their interest, you build their desire, and then they take action with you, and you call people to action to actually learn and sign up for your free training. So those are just frameworks for writing copy. Yeah, that can help you for your ads for your landing pages for your offers.

[999:47] Speaker 7: I haven't run ads, because I was terrified because I kept hearing people talking about if you don't write it, right, you're wasting your money. And so and so we

[1002:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: use what I just showed you to write all of our ads, right? Which is you in the ad writing training?

[1004:36] Speaker 7: I wasn't okay, I wasn't able to make that. Well, I should have.

[1005:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna give that to everybody. As a bonus to the recording to that as well as the training. Why

[1007:12] Speaker 7: do I feel like it's Christmas? Like, it's Chris.

[1008:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so we'll put that in there as well. Like, just the recording of the AED training that we did. It's still up, I didn't actually take it down.

[1011:42] Speaker 0: And start sending

[1011:54] Speaker 7: people I

[1012:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: also included like a lesson about creating effective Facebook ads. Again, this is taken from my high level paid. Course Facebook ads for beginners. This is from my paid course. 45 minutes to show you actually how we create Facebook ads.

[1017:10] Speaker 7: I'm literally like, when can we start the I want to get in? Like, jump on the waiting list when it opens. I did. I did I'm I'm ready. Yeah.

[1020:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: But yeah, these I mean, these trainings that you're getting, it'll be a great start for a lot of you. You know, here's the thing, and the client growth accelerator can help anybody at any level whether they're starting or not, because we're all I tell everybody we all need to start like it's day one. We all need to act like it's day one we need to not pretend like or even think in our mind like I've arrived or I know more than somebody else. Honestly, I think everybody and Rick Pino, him and I were talking about this the other day, he's a million dollar months with his coaching, he still treats it like it's day one every time we make a new offer. And that's what you need to do with your offers is pretend like it's your first offer you ever put out there. Each offer you put out there you think about it, like it's the first offer based off of what you've been doing with other people. So for me, like I'm about to after this week, I'm gonna go back to the drawing board and really evaluate the last three that I've done and completely changed the messaging of my entire business off of the data that I got, and here's what's gonna happen, my profits are gonna go out for x. And we will probably then break the seven figure mark before March is just by doing that. You know, I plan on releasing some time next year, a $300 course, which basically goes over start to finish what somebody needs as a self study course, as an entry level, if somebody doesn't jump in my coaching program, here's a $300 course that you can buy as a down sell. So I'm going to be working on that as well. I don't recommend that you launch a 297 or 397, until you launch your 2000 or $1,000. Because you're gonna really get a lot, you're gonna make enough money off of the 1000 to 2000 to actually run the business. And then you launch the lower level one to down sell everybody to now that becomes your ascension model in your funnel. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, this has been great. Thanks, everybody. This is awesome. I'm excited to keep working with everybody in here. I will see y'all tomorrow on the training again, we're going to be going into the offer creation, we're going to be diving into the offer, like building your offer. And then we're going to dive into creating the Facebook ads getting that out there. How do you sell to people? What do you say that actually gets people to buy from you? How do you influence sales and people the right way? And do so that's not sleazy? That's I mean, the truth is, y'all are part of my sales pitch right now. This is how I sell is this is what I'm doing sleazy. Is it slimy? No, it's not. It's, it's helping people. And so that's what you do when you serve people at a high level. And you give away your best content. Like Vanessa said, that was the key, you give away your best content, but you do. So with an open hand without expectation of people coming back and becoming a client. Here's the thing, I used to give away my best content, but I had the expectation that they would come back to me. That was the wrong way of doing it. When I opened up and I said, you know, I don't care if it comes back to me, I'm just going to keep giving my business profits have gone up. And that was, again, like I said, that was tied to my own abandonment wound, I was afraid of giving away too much. And then not liking me, not validating me not telling me that I was good enough, not telling me that I was worth it by giving the money, right. And the truth is, I mean, at that point, like I'm a hoarder. At that point, I literally find my worth and people throwing money at me. And that's how I was living my life was whoring myself out to everybody. And that and that came through just childhood and I finding validation, especially my my issues with with my dad, and him not being emotionally involved in my life at all. It's very hard for me to think about that, because I just I just saw him at my brother's wedding three weeks ago, I haven't seen him in six years. When I said three words to him, I came up and shook his hand and he just nodded at me and nothing and, and that was what it was like growing up as as I had to go after love from dad, he wouldn't initiate and then he wasn't even there when I would when I would initiate he still wouldn't reciprocate. And so in that I was literally recreating my familial family dynamic in my business. Okay. So that's why healing from these things makes you a more powerful business owner, because you're not trying to recreate your family trauma with your clients. And that's what I was doing. I was attracting a lot of clients.

[1094:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Abby says, I'm in the same in the same boat here. Yeah. I, it's funny, we attract people to have similar stories to us. similar backgrounds in different ways. Right. You know, my mom was very strong personality, very much like she was raised by a military dads everything was like, the rules, right. And our church was very religious, very controlling, that the elders would control what we were allowed to listen to and music and, and who we could talk to, and I wasn't allowed to date anybody in high school, I literally was told I couldn't date anybody. So this created dynamics with people that now I go out there to be a coach. And I am just not qualified at all to do so. Because of my own dynamics of like, my brain is trying to resolve my childhood and teenage years. And so when we can bring resolution to that, that's why I say working with a therapist has helped me because now I don't even think about that stuff. It doesn't control me. It doesn't control my decisions. You know, I'm not trying to get validation from the girl who rejected me that my mom told me that I couldn't talk to growing up in my coaching clients. Truthfully, five years ago, four years ago, when I started my coaching business, I probably once I probably was trying to resolve trauma with my clients and my marketing and I attracted some very abusive people. Some people that I had to cut off that I would coach and they would, their expectations over exceeded what I could give, even though I had already given everything to myself and they weren't happy with it, ha reminded me of my childhood growing up.

[1122:31] Speaker 0: And so in that,

[1123:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: when we heal from that it changes our messaging, how we talked, how we connect, how we rise up, and how we work and lead and coach, other people. So, again, this wasn't supposed to be a time for me to go share about all my childhood wounds. But now you all know him, which is good. That's why I tell people like, you can't be afraid of like looking unprofessional to people in your coaching business. Because if you do, it will, you won't be vulnerable enough to actually make a connection with people. Because we're trying to create this perceived persona, that we're somebody that we're not, it's better to bring the masks down, and to take the mask off, not the like the COVID mask, but like to take off the like the version of ourselves that we have curated that we only show other people. Now here's the truth, the version of myself that I curated that I showed her, the people kept me safe, because when I took the mask off, it was very ugly. I didn't like it, neither did anybody else. That was pretty interesting. I went to jail three times, I did a whole bunch of things. When I would drink, I would drink alcohol heavily to be myself for people to like me, because I didn't like me, and I hated myself. And then I would project that on to other people. And so in that when we learn to, to resolve some of that trauma, one of the biggest reasons why people drink alcohol is unresolved trauma, I truly believe I stopped drinking not for like religious reasons or anything over a year ago, and it's changed my life completely by not drinking by not taking substances, and by being willing to come face to face with what I'm feeling to heal it and to grow out of it. And that's had a direct impact. Why am I saying all this, it's had a direct impact on my ROI on my business. It's had a direct impact on, on how much money I can make and how I attract clients. Because my my spirit is different. What I'm putting out there is different the type of people that I'm attracting the energy that I'm putting out there, and how I'm talking isn't validate me validate me validate me, it's, I believe in myself, I know that I'm worthy. And I would love to invite you to Come Experience Life with me and to make a whole lot of money in your coaching business. So I love helping people do

[1160:45] Speaker 9: you let me say just one sentence for the participants here. It just three weeks back, guys. You know, when when I when I try when I was part of these free trainings and VIPs someone was promoting CGA and Jeremiah is laughing because he knows the story like story. And I, I actually told that person like, oh, ye, are you an employee of conduit, which is owned by GE. I mean, that kind of skepticism in my head. So I don't want anyone to think that I was promoting CGI, and that I was any way associated.

[1170:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was infected you being in the client growth accelerator. You've been in there for just a couple of weeks. How has it affected you is? Is it? What can help people? Yeah, absolutely.

[1172:57] Speaker 9: I put you in the chat. We were talking so you didn't pay attention. You could not. But the thing is, no, I absolutely feel the substance, Jeremiah, which you know, this is not so scripted one, you can see the authenticity in my voice. And I'm not going to allow him to come out here and say this, by the way. Quote, unquote, I'm not even a quote unquote, American, you know, I'm just being just a human. I feel the substance within me as I'm ready to launch a couple of offers. Love it. I'm ready. I mean, I'm not saying that I have it right here. You know, it's like, stacked up and he's all ready to go. No, no. It's just been a couple of weeks of being in the program. Yes. Awesome. Yeah, just three, yeah, hardly three weeks, and going over a couple of things because we

[1185:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: go to work and I make sure that you're accountable and you do the work and I'll even call out things that you know, might be hard to hear. Right. So but I've seen so much growth you in the last like week and a half like you smile. Yeah. I love your smile too. Yeah,

[1189:54] Speaker 9: absolutely. And I'm working on my teeth with my dentist so I can get them aligned. So trust me.

[1191:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pretty good. On camera.

[1192:38] Speaker 9: Okay, thank you. So just wanted to put that out there saying

[1193:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, thank you so much. This has been great. It's been awesome. Thanks, everybody. I'm gonna log off. I'll see you tomorrow. We're Same time, same place. Can't wait to work with everybody. We'll talk soon.

