VIP - Launch Your 6 Figure Coaching Offer
Date: 2022-12-15T02:59:53.000Z
Duration: 78 min
Otter ID: evW4d5qzgTBZYSLEBCF0GEpL7kc
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right Hello, Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Hello. Welcome welcome welcome

[17:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, so who's gonna go first with the first question? Who's gonna raise their hand?

[19:03] Speaker 0: We're gonna start today is gonna go first. Michelle. Yeah, let's go for it Yep. So are we writing copy? Or no?

[26:45] Speaker 2: Am I asking you a question? Are you working with us on our copy?

[28:13] Speaker 0: I don't know. What do you want to do?

[29:10] Speaker 2: I want to make sure I'm hearing you right, I'm ready to jump into Jasper. I'm in the middle of my busy season. So I'm not slack and I just don't have the headspace to put into this. But I am going to jump into Jasper I'm getting my challenge going. So what I hear you saying is I should look at other people who are doing what I want, scoop up their copy, throw it in Jasper habit spit out and then put my like language, my tone of voice on it and use that

[36:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would fill out those questions as far as like, who your customer or client is what solutions you offer them.

[39:09] Speaker 0: What problems you solve as well. Yeah, okay,

[41:10] Speaker 2: and there's someone there's a coach I watched just to watch what she's doing and she's like, light years above me but I don't like that because she's so like untouchable? Like she doesn't come across as real is it worth taking some of her copy because she's in the field and running it through Jasper to see how it spits out

[46:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah if it if she's got people signing up with her it's probably a proven offer.

[48:32] Speaker 0: We don't want to

[49:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: like this idea that we have to be the one original version of our niche out there there's no such thing as that in the coaching space. What you have is you have people that spend a lot of money on marketing and that are successful and then everybody else

[53:12] Speaker 0: who wishes they were them Yep. So

[55:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So who So who is your who is your customer

[56:12] Speaker 2: my customer is the person who set aside their life to follow everyone else's version of themselves. So that could be you know male female all a variety of different ages the person who's 80 year old and says I wish I would have done this Yeah, so my coaching is their problem is is is getting their goals and visions out where they can see them and take action on them

[63:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, helping them find their voice yes

[65:38] Speaker 0: and action on them find their voice aware that

[67:39] Speaker 2: I'm gonna do this is through vision boarding. So who what where when how kind of thing a step by step.

[70:23] Speaker 0: kind of process

[72:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. What? So like, how like walk me through? Are they gonna? Are they gonna join you for a class A training? What is it?

[74:48] Speaker 2: We're gonna do a four day challenge where I like tell them get the supplies together do this we're gonna do a Facebook Live like a zoom. We're gonna do four days and at the end of the four days, I want them to join my paid Facebook group to continue sharing and growing in a safe space.

[80:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, and what's the best case, their result that you're gonna get?

[82:12] Speaker 2: Best case scenario is I'm gonna continue to grow this audience and be able to live off the income that I'm generating here, so I can step out of my other business,

[84:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, that's the best case scenario result that you want, what's the best case scenario result that your client is going to get by going through the training with you,

[86:49] Speaker 2: they're gonna recognize that they satisfied their true passions, and what's the word I'm looking for, like their innate skills and assets that they can share with the world. So they're going to find their soul that that brings them to,

[92:38] Speaker 0: to share their gifts with the world. Their soul passions.

[96:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the key is the concept of like running through Jasper, as I'm pressing CTRL, Enter on my keyboard. And it's just coming up with some of these answers that can help us give us a starting place for our landing pages and the starting place for our copy for these four day challenges, specifically. So you want to do is you want to actually go through this step first and edit out like anything that you think doesn't actually match what you do? Sure, and actually remove what doesn't match and then you can correct it along the way. And then that's where you also then we'll take, you'll take this, and usually what I'll do is I might, like, summarize all of this up here, summarize the above. And then I might take a list of somebody else's headlines in their copy, and put that into there. So then it filters my message and goal with language that somebody else that's already successful in the market is using and combines those two into the offer copy that way.

[114:55] Speaker 2: And so when I go into Jasper, and you said it's like Ctrl, enter, that kind of walks me through, it will tell me what how to do this.

[116:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It has right here like keyboard shortcuts and tips. Okay. Um, they have a number of help files that will walk you through how to use it in their their help files on how to use the app. But you essentially talk to it like a person and connect with it like you would a person. So. Okay.

[123:31] Speaker 2: Yep. And then the best place to find people who might be in my niche. Is it Facebook? Like, what is the top social platform? Do you think right now?

[126:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's gonna be Facebook and Instagram and and your offer, the language that's in your offer, will tell the algorithm who to actually show your offer to when you run it as an ad, by you actually saying content, whether it be in an ad, and we don't use a lot of organic social media content for how we do this either, when you're actually running an ad to that four day challenge, the angle of what the very specific outcome that you're promising, and the challenge is going to be is going to decide where the algorithm actually shows your ad. So once you actually put in the ad copy itself is what determines who the ad is, is

[138:13] Speaker 2: going to be in front of you. So I don't really have to pick then who it's going to go in front of you're saying that algorithm is going to pick that person for me.

[141:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not as much as you used to because they took away a lot of those functions. You want to go more general as far as that goes, like.

[144:08] Speaker 0: Do you understand?

[145:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: A person like this, like what type of other people are teaching on this topic? What type of tea TV shows? Do they watch magazines? Do they read things like that? Okay. Now you start with that. That's the broad targeting. But what's your goal is is to build a look alike audience and then the look alike audience uses the AI on Facebook's ads to actually show your ad to people that have that need and desire. But you got to train that based off of actually sending data to it. You actually have to have leads that actually sign up and actual traffic visiting your page to be able to train it to do that and to get more specific.

[156:49] Speaker 2: So my understanding you that you're taking the chat from the Facebook Live that just happened and putting it in so you can find your niche audience.

[159:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I mean, I'm taking that plus Doing 30 of these other events in the last year as well. So I'm taking experientially what I know, converts, I'm also taking off of this. And then I'm going to analyze over the next 60 days, who ends up becoming a client of mine. And then I'm going to eliminate any questions from anybody who didn't actually become a paid client.

[166:27] Speaker 0: Because I'm,

[167:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be to be honest, like, if somebody doesn't become a paid client, I have zero interest in even talking to them. And I know that that might sound arrogant, that might even that might even sound like I'm a horrible human being for saying that. But, but I don't have time to do that, to talk to people that are just here to waste my time. So for me to actually attract the right person, I'm going to analyze who the questions are coming from, and then how the results actually were at the end of it. And then we tweak and we adjust. Three months ago, we ran an offer, build and launch your coaching business, and I ran an offer around finding your niche. We got a lot of clients through that. But we got way more around running paid ads and creating a lead magnet. So now I pivoted this one around, launching your offer creating your offer writing your copy. The problem is that I think about this audience is that people that have signed up for this is that they're just too stuck in their head and not actually willing to take action. And so what I found is, is that somebody who knows about an offer but isn't willing to take action is actually less qualified for me than somebody who's just getting started and is willing to be teachable and learn somebody who's too arrogant to think that they know everything that I'm wasting their time isn't going to be a good fit for me either. So

[190:36] Speaker 0: add it. Yeah.

[191:14] Speaker 2: All right. Thank you, sir. Yep.

[192:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Angela.

[193:08] Speaker 0: Hey, there, okay, their

[193:37] Speaker 3: question? Do you, I understand that you're using Jasper AI to help write the copy, not only for the website for the funnels, where the sales page for the landing pages and all that all the things.

[200:23] Speaker 0: But I'm trying

[200:53] Speaker 3: to wrap my head around how you're utilizing the copy to understand you're using the copy to write this sale, I mean, to write the Facebook ads, but how are you determining who those ads are going to? target market based on the wording?

[208:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you don't the algorithm does that automatically?

[209:31] Speaker 3: The Jasper algorithm or the

[210:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook and Instagram do? Oh, okay. So what you do is you get very specific about who you want to work with, and very specific about who you don't. Okay. And the activity of somebody giving their name and email address tells the algorithm, this person has a yes or no.

[215:11] Speaker 3: Okay, because I guess it's been so long since I ran Facebook ads, we would go in manually and pick some pick some like companies or other accounts that were similar to what we were doing. And a, you know, to create, I guess,

[221:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: since 2000, since 2018, when Facebook appeared before the Supreme Court, that ability has been taken away from us for the last four years. Oh, okay. At the scale that it used to be. So now there's only extremely generic companies. There's some companies based off of like tools and software that people use. There's some as far as like influencers in the space. That's why you want to figure out okay, who's influencing a space? My client, Don Palacios for her health coaching actually got her clients by targeting business magazines. But it wasn't until she was able to build a look alike audience off of the behavior that I came across. So that's why if you run an ad about I want to just help women live a better life. That ad is going to go all over the place on social media and never land on the right person. So how do you niche it down with the words that you write in the offer copy?

[237:13] Speaker 3: So Facebook does it for you?

[238:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the art No, hit the the humans on Facebook actually do it? Because they see your ad and scroll past it and ignore it and say I have no interest in that person. Okay, gotcha. Because if I look at this guy's ad, and I say, I got no interest in that dude, and I scroll past it, I am telling Facebook, do not show me that ad anymore based on your actions just by me scrolling past an ad. And so what it is, is based on who's ignoring the ad and who's actually looking at the ad and who is actually watching it, and then who's actually expanding the textile. And then who's actually clicking the page. It's telling the algorithm to show it to more people like those people.

[248:52] Speaker 3: Gotcha. So can you? Are you telling me that since 2018, we cannot target market certain business pages on not

[251:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: as many as you could before now? Oh, wow, they took away about 90% of them, except for extremely large companies

[254:10] Speaker 0: really doing? That's not a big deal at all.

[255:07] Speaker 3: Really?

[255:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, because that's okay. You, okay?

[257:26] Speaker 0: I trust you,

[257:38] Speaker 3: I trust you. 100%. So I'm, I'm here to just take notes on what you say. Yeah, yeah.

[259:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is this is this is why writing your offer copy is step one, okay? Because the offer copy, tells the algorithm who to actually show the ad to Gotcha. The words that you put in your offer, the words that you say in your video ad and the words that you put in the ad? influence the human behavior, whether they scroll past the ad or not. And then that determines who actually sees the ad more than anything else?

[269:50] Speaker 3: Okay, do you? Are you doing a be split testing with different images and different videos? Yeah, we'll

[271:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually upload about four, four images and four to six videos. Okay. And we'll usually will script that out using Jasper, we have a four part script that you can use on that. Okay. And it'll actually write your video ads for you, you start with an attention grabbing question about what they're looking for. So for instance, I started my video ad this way, are you a coach or course creator who's struggling to get more people on your email list? So here's what happens by me verbally saying that anybody who is not a coach, or course grader who's struggling to get people on their email list are going to ignore my ad. Right? Right. And then the algorithm is just going to show it to more of the people who actually don't ignore it. But then it's based off of the conversion of people actually filling in their name and email address, because you'll get about 50% of the people who actually, here's what we have about 5% of the people who see an ad actually click it, and only about 50% of who click it actually put in their name and email address. So there's a level of intention that those people are showing us by actually giving us their name and email address. So then we tell the algorithm by running a conversion ad to optimize the targeting based off of people who give us their email address for this offer. Okay, gotcha, gotcha. And then we retarget those people and you build a bucket called a look alike audience, which is more of those people Facebook took away all faith based targeting a year ago completely nothing face base allowed. We successfully run faith based ads all the time. You want to know what we target to start them out. Tammy homeschooling Sadie Robertson and Joe Rogan. So we actually have to target Joe Rogan homeschooling and Sadie Robertson, even if it's related to has nothing to do with those three people, if it's anything related to Christians, I will start with those as the audience and maybe even throw Dave Ramsey and Hobby Lobby in there. Wow. So you are thinking about culturally who is actually following these bigger pages? The goal is to build a look alike audience and the ad actually shows to the right people just based off of the copy that you're right, which is why the offer copy is actually step number one, not you figure it out all this other stuff. It's it's writing this offer copy, it's really getting in there and creating language that will resonate with the right person that will resonate with somebody and a way that you can know that is does it resonate with you? Does it resonate with the vision that you have? Is it connected with the vision that you have?

[314:14] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, makes sense. Thank you. All

[315:04] Speaker 0: right. Um,

[316:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: who's, who's next? Says Ian Carroll.

[317:35] Speaker 0: Hey, Jeremiah, purely tactical. Explain to me the relationship between Jasper and the GPT. One like Is it just constantly going bot? Like? Do you just do your initial?

[320:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, so Jasper is limited by how many words it can output all at once, and how many words that can base the data off of. So it can't read this whole document, and then give me all that data, it only looks back about 100 words. Okay, how GPT can actually take pages of data and succinctly combine it in seconds. So I will, I've been using it by sort of, I'll generate some copy with my recipe, then I'll take that into chat, GBT have it output something new for me, then I'll bring it back into Jasper, and run it through one of their other filters, the GPT 3.5 filter because it's a newer version of it. And then I'll run that back through chat GPT. And I found that that's giving me really accurate landing page copy very quickly, versus it would have taken us maybe a half hour to an hour to iterate it, we can get it done in 30 seconds that way. So it's more a speed thing. You can do it with Jasper just with the recipe that I wrote. But I found that going back and forth between just really how are we trying to refine this language to to be more connected to the desires of the person that we're trying to reach? It's all about, it's all about touching their desires specifically.

[341:29] Speaker 0: So it's just you're just moving from one to the other just to get

[342:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's more just for speed? Because otherwise I could do the same thing in Jasper. It'll just take me longer. Okay. Yeah. Sweet. Thank you. Yeah. All right, Nina. Jeremiah,

[346:50] Speaker 4: my question is about the targeting your niche. So what if my niche is, you know, 40 women 45. And over, I do my copy, I do all of that. I send out the ad. And I'm noticing it's like, women who are 25 to 45, not 45. Women and plus, so am I miss judging my copy? Or am I miss judging my niche?

[353:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, did you set it to only show it to women 45 And over and the age thing?

[354:30] Speaker 4: I have done that before? So yes, I have seen that. And my partner ran a similar ad when we were working in partnership, where we brought in that number, and we found that it was the younger group that was more attracted to what we were saying.

[359:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Were they buying from you, though? I don't care who is attracted? No. No, who's buying because that's the thing. Just because somebody is attracted to actual target audience was the one buying, you know, I could probably get a million people who are on welfare right now to watch a training on how to make $100,000 online, but they're not going to buy a thing from me. Right? That's a huge difference, right? You want to talk to buyers, and we can't let our bleeding heart impact people stop us from actually being impactful. Okay, that's a big thing is okay. And I've dealt with this with ministries a lot. I've run into this with ministries, I have been vehemently rebuked for this by Ministries as well, is that I have said, Why are you targeting these people that are literally not registering for anything? And they're like, well, because the Lord wants us to target them with our ads. And I'm like, but they're not registering for anything. And the person the leader was just like, yes, well, we don't want to segment out anybody. And so I'm like, okay, so you're agreeing to pay 10 times more for your ads because of that. And they say, Yeah, we would rather you be obedient to God, then then actually connect with the right people. And I said, Okay, great. Awesome. All right, thank you. But I set that in front of them. Now, if you're running a business, it's a little bit, it's a little bit different. We got to target who's actually going to spend money. There's a and I look at further now I don't even look at not just who's going to spend money, who who buys from me and then gets a result. That's really what I'm looking for. Now, you're not going to have that until you get results. In the beginning. The only data you have is are they giving you their name and email address? Right, right. And then the next level of data see you're constantly selling people at each level. First off your ad is selling people to actually give you their email address. Right, okay. But like my client, one of my clients did, she got seven email addresses, only two people showed up for her live training. The reason why she didn't remind them enough, and they weren't motivated enough with a desire to even show up to hear her train. So she didn't sell them effectively. I'd even showing up so that's what I told her. And I looked at her copy and said, Oh, here's what's missing. You don't have any objections in here. You're not handling you're not doing objection handling. So objection handling is a really big one that we talk about is where you actually have to put into your copy the objections that people will have the reasons why they will talk themselves out of showing up you actually want to put step one my main reasons that I give even if you're not techie, don't have a following yet or have your offer figured out. Because those are the three main objections for why people don't want to move forward with me. So I put it out front there. And then on my offers, I'm really clear, like if we just break down the anatomy of this offer that I did the other day of growing, growing your list. So we're finding now by actually putting who it's for at the top, it's helping the algorithm better. So we're, we're disqualifying people right away. Coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers. This used to say 10 to 35k. I might go back to that. I'm not sure yet. But it says 20 to 40. And then this is the desire this is the objection aren't tech savvy just starting out no one's heard of you. And then I'm here's what I found. So I was running these events. I'm I've done like 30 of them. And a ton of direct sales network marketing people were hopping on. A ton of E commerce people were hopping on and a ton of people that were running marketing agencies were happy not one know how many people were a direct sales ecommerce and marketing agency. They didn't see people, they had all the questions. By the way, they asked all the questions, we don't know how many of them bought for me my program, zero. So it's important, I looked at okay, I need to make sure that they're not on my trainings anymore. And the other one is this judgmental perfectionist, it's really just somebody who is very, like, they need everything to be perfect, or it'll or they won't do anything. That's even why I use the language the fun way versus the right way. On here, and then I even reiterate the goal. Again, grow your email list to 1000 laser focus subscribers. So this is your headline, you want your headline to be crafted in a way where you're repelling the wrong people attracting the right people, and immediately making a promise to them of the end result, while simultaneously handling their objection. spending a ton of time, money and energy as the as the other objection that people give me. Yeah. And then we go into the storytelling. And this is what Jasper helps us come up with the storytelling right here. So we actually wrote this copy with Jasper and the help of my client growth accelerator group, actually had our whole group help write this offer. With me, is I asked what are the main things that you would like to learn when it comes to growing your email list when you first got started? And my group gave me all their answers. And then that's what actually wrote our copies we filtered the group's answers in here is they felt like growing their email list was was less enjoyable than doing their taxes. A lot of people said that. But it's also the most important activity. This is a fact it's the greatest indicator of success. So I also borrowed from with my copy on this, I borrowed from Amy Porterfield offer, about growing her email list. And so that's that's his copy that I basically copied into Jasper was her free offer right here. Her list masterclass, the relaxed business owners guide to building a profit and a list at 1000 plus subscribers to list every single week. In the math class, you'll see an exercise to produce his content and nurture your list strategies to grow your list, the type of lead magnet to do and honestly her copy here after doing the event and hearing the questions from people, I'm even noticing nuances of what she put in this copy that I didn't that was that comes from her experience, because I got questions that she just handled right here. And step number one, I didn't even address this question at all. And yet she's got this is step number one, you'll discover. I guarantee you that's based off of data. And I've actually proven that data. Next time I run an offer. I'm going to lean more on some of this idea of how do you actually come up with, you know, the content that nurtures a list? How do you actually come up with what puts that out there? And that being the first step? So I'm constantly analyzing iterating? Looking at, okay, the response? What questions are people giving me? How are those coming in? How does that then relate to the copy that I use for my swipe file? How does it relate to my offer, and I'm refining and refining and refining the offers constantly. And that's what allowed us to help my client Rick, go from 40,000 a month, up to a million dollars a month in his business. We're doing the same thing with my mom's offers to we're going to be coming up with new boot camps for stocks next year. Her and I just had a strategy call this afternoon all about it. We're literally taking the questions everybody's answering. We're taking the emails that they respond to the most and the social media content that respond to the most and combining all of that into one big To offer to help people generate wealth so that they can so that they can combat the forces of darkness that are out there, make the changes in their life for their family and impact the world using what she trains about money and helping get their mindset in order. So we're shifting from the first one we did with stocks bootcamp, then we did wealth wisdom bootcamp. Now we're probably going to go that more like warrior financial, change your family's life approach, probably on the next one, you know, that because we're refining it based off of the feedback loop, we're refining it based off of how does it convert, you know, and the last two offers we've done, they've been great. So I'm, you're constantly analyzing that data, and then refining your offer. Now, here's the thing. I, my my mom and I, and Rick, we use the same offer all the time, like as far as what we're selling, so I sell the client growth accelerator, she sells her stocks community, Rick is selling his inner circle, okay. But the front end offer that actually gets the lead, that's what changes because we refine that more and more as to who we want to do as to who we want to attract. So, so one offer might be launcher launcher coaching offer, the other could be starting your coaching offer. The other one could be how to put your knowledge into a course, the other one could be finding your niche, but all roads for that for my business lead to create your coaching offer, join me for the support and accountability to write your copy. Because really what I'm actually selling everybody on here, y'all may not realize this, all of these offers are actually selling you on is the fact that offer copy is the most important thing for you to focus on. Because me just saying this, I can say this till I'm blue in the face. But nobody actually realizes it. If I just go out there and I'm just shouting offer copy, offer, copy, offer copy, nobody's realizing it. Because they're like, I just want to get clients. And I'm like it starts with your offer copy. Yeah, that I don't know how to build a funnel, it starts with your offer copy. And so so it's even about reframing the mindset behind what you're actually delivering. When you run a live event. You're reframing the mindset of the prospect to lead them to whatever you're selling. Okay. Awesome. All right, Carolyn Johnson.

[518:37] Speaker 5: Hello. So this hopefully will be a easy question I ran, I asked the chat GPT to write a short Facebook post just about what I'm doing. Just to kind of like if I was I was imagining doing an organic kind of thing. And what it gave, I'm gonna put it in the chat. It has like these little square brackets where it maybe wants me to fill in some other word there before I post it. And I don't know really how to how to decipher that. I wouldn't post it just like that, right?

[527:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you can also edit the words that it says so you're almost never going to use the copy that the AI just gives you to straight out of the gate.

[529:58] Speaker 5: Right? I would I just take it out and say, Hey, acoustic guitar player just take the square. Yeah.

[531:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Are they ready to share your original songs with the world? Have you overcome the challenges of technology to get your music out there? Yeah. That's great. That's a great offer. Thanks. No, it actually is a really good offer, because that's the number one thing and I say that just from experience of working with Rick Pino with his thing, you know, people want to know how to actually get their songs out there to people. That's really the number one goal of anybody in music, if you're going to run an offer, is they either want to know how to write better songs. And Hola. But like, unless you're, you've won a Grammy. I don't think anyone really wants to learn from you on that. So if you haven't won a Grammy, teaching them how to get their music heard, is the main goal. Completely. So great. Thanks.

[544:42] Speaker 0: Yep. Awesome. Bess. Okay.

[546:40] Speaker 2: I use Squarespace already for a few years now. I have Aweber is going very well. Although my list is two super tiny but it's super converting. And my question is, when I'm trying to put the pieces together of what you're teaching us, I want to go ahead and do this workshop thing. I used to do free workshop gateways into my office before and I don't know why I ever got away from it, especially for my audience. But I'm so I'm excited about this to like, get back to what works and get back to it. But funnel wise, I have my stuff on Squarespace. I have my Aweber already and I have my courses on Thinkific so whatever I'm gonna run this for it's gonna go to one of the ones on Thinkific what Logis Stick Li. Where can I find your training? Because I know you've given us a lot to look at and go and say this piece, hook it up with this piece. Because right now I'll do a sales page on Squarespace, or landing page to the email list. Sign up, and then a webinar. I don't know how to upsell, because I've never done that part, I want to do the little $7 $17 upsell, I want to try that on this one because I always provide a workbook and I always give it away. And I'm like, why am I not doing recordings and workbook for seven bucks, you know, or I just want to try it. I want to test my audience. So into a one day Planning Day event that I'm doing with them, which is a paid event. It's like 50 bucks, and it's in January. So I'm gonna do this on the 28th. So working backwards, what do I need to do? Do I follow my same thing that I've always done? But use Aweber for the upsell? Would you use? Should I use a landing page on a Weber instead of Squarespace? How do

[576:36] Speaker 1: you use a think if ik I would use a link in Thinkific for the upsell, like a link to a think if ik course for seven bucks. Okay? So you just put a little link button in Squarespace on a page at the upsell to Thinkific.

[580:29] Speaker 2: Okay, so I don't need to go get some software right now. No, besides what I already have, I'm trying to

[582:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: think just refining your copy will be helpful.

[583:23] Speaker 2: Yes, I know. I have to work on that. That's my top priority. top priority.

[584:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay. Yeah. And then if you go through, like the VIP trainings and stuff like that there is a training with the one day events that I did that has like a funnel building training on Squarespace. But it sounds like you already understand the basic sides of that, the more nuanced side of actually running your funnel, what do you actually say in your offer? I cover a lot of that. A, I have podcast episodes. Okay, about that. Okay, if you type in Jeremiah Krakowski virtual event. You'll see growing your email list with virtual events and I actually teach like how we run a virtual event. What do you say during your virtual event? Okay. Perform online event profitable online events made simple. This is all about running an online event. Those are podcasts, right? Yeah, well, these are podcasts but also just on YouTube. videos that are on my youtube you just type in my name and any topic you're looking for. Okay, if you type in Jeremiah Krakowski funnel was a funnel how to build one fast ultimate funnel blueprint inside a million dollar per month funnel. Okay. Um, and then what I have so again, like I said, I don't I don't sell any my courses. So if, in the client growth accelerator, we have the courses on Facebook ads funnel building on Squarespace email marketing, what do you actually say during the live event? The process of writing your copy better all of that or are included as courses in there?

[611:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's what I need right now. Okay. So since I can't get that just yet, I'm on your waitlist though. Okay, let me think here with the Facebook ads, I used to run ads, and I was terrible at them. I even took a bunch of trainings and thought I was gonna get better at them. What can I do for this one? With it being a free, limited time free workshop they gotta get on at that date. Where can I go in your trainings, just to know, the barebone basics of how to set up this Facebook ad. I don't even know how to do a Pixel THING. I need I need a walkthrough or at least I need the pieces that I can try to put together into a walkthrough to get this ad up.

[623:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. So again, as far as a walkthrough goes of like running a complete Facebook ad. Were you a part of the training that I did about growing molest clients with?

[626:46] Speaker 2: I was Saturday? Yes. So do I need to go back to those videos that are in the VIP section?

[628:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, those will have videos for you about running ads. But then this course is specifically like step by step for beginners to go through setting up your ad account setting up the pixel. So this is this is a full course on each segment of running ads. So they walk you through.

[633:12] Speaker 2: Okay, and how but you said I can't get that until the new year.

[634:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, until the client growth accelerator is open. Were you on the you're in on the session today? Were you? Yes, I was. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. When I open the doors to the accelerator, I think I think that I might on Friday. I think I will. Okay,

[638:50] Speaker 2: well, I'm gonna be in it. Yeah, but then I need to run that ad. Well, that's okay. Yeah, cuz I don't need to run the ad till a few days before the end

[640:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: the VIP bundle that has those those videos as well. Oh, okay. Okay, I

[642:24] Speaker 2: will go look at those then

[642:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nina is saying that the link to the site doesn't work. So when you signed up for the VIP bundle Nina, there's an email address that you use when you signed up. Received Oh, you received an email with a login password to use.

[646:17] Speaker 4: Okay, I didn't see that one. So Cal try again.

[647:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, otherwise, you can write to our customer support. Customer Support. Okay. Sorry, Abby, what are you talking about? The link doesn't work.

[651:59] Speaker 6: Nope, we Yeah, if I click on the link, the link is displayed is is written correctly in the email. However, when I click on it, it opens a browser window, and it puts that person 20 That represents a space right in the technical word. At that person, that person 20 replaces the colon before the two. So all of that I don't want to talk about so the the email software is messing it up.

[660:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, you can also go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And at the top here, there's a login

[662:48] Speaker 0: button right here

[663:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: to log in, and so you click it by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com. clicking login,

[665:00] Speaker 6: you need to share your screen

[667:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: so if you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com There's a login link at the top of my website to log in and it will take you to the members area as well. Okay, so here's the thing, I can't go back and fix the emails that I sent out wrong. If the emails are formatted wrong, I do apologize for that. But it's good to glad to know that that was formatted wrong. Um, I'll fix that in the in the in the other emails. But yeah, the members air its members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you can access it by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash, or then by clicking on login from the menu at the top of my site that allows you to log in with the username and password. Which is it all of the emails of a

[682:31] Speaker 6: No, I just did the latest one that came in today. Based on what Nina shared so yeah, I gotcha. Yeah, I mean it it is it is played it reads just fine. In the in the email. It reads just fine. Now

[686:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I probably added a space in there by accident when I sent it out.

[687:33] Speaker 6: That happens. No, I don't see that. No, it reads just fine. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, so.

[690:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, probably I probably added a space in there when I pasted it, all right. Anybody else got any other questions here? Any any other questions? By the way? Nina, I see your email address that you have. Here is this. It's the same one that you've been receiving emails from me. Yep. That so that's the one that has an account in Thinkific.

[697:42] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'll I'll look okay. Yeah. I love Thinkific by the way, it's

[699:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: incredible. Yeah, it's a great app. It's awesome.

[700:03] Speaker 4: I've been using it since oh my god, probably since its inception when I saw a free version, which is amazing. And I don't want to let go of it. Because it's incredible.

[703:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Will the yeah the Free Will Yeah, the free version. You probably have to upgrade eventually. Oh, I see. Yeah, it added it to the beginning. Now see what happened is when I pasted the link, I must have pressed the spacebar before I pasted it. So I added a space at the beginning of the URL. That's what it looks like. Sorry about that everybody. If you copy the link into your browser and just type it in and it'll go to the right one so I'll make sure that it's fixed for tomorrow All right, promise eat Hey, how are you doing? Good. How are you?

[712:41] Speaker 7: Good. Good. Good sir. I can't turn my camera on but I wanted to ask you this question about so on my so I'm going to use this video that I'm going to use as kind of my Facebook ad as well as the same video on the on the sales page. And so I want to know, do I just do the same kind of hook story offer and but I put as part of that story would be kind of my, I guess the hero's journey. Is that Is that a good one? Wait, because, you know, for example, I was gonna. The other question I had for you as this is the I don't know, if you looked at the one that I wrote that I put on the in the group and the CNG group that, but that one I know the story wasn't detailed enough to really get into my, my actual, you know what my actual story is, as to why, you know, I feel like this, not only is this a good solution, but that I needed this solution and more the emotion about my story. But the other one is that the hook the hook, I wanted it to what I was told is you should really only have like one question that you're really asking in the beginning for the hug. It shouldn't be like two or three. Now usually ask one

[731:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: question. I usually use one question in the ad, I replied back to what you sent me about the video. Did you see that? In the group?

[734:07] Speaker 7: Oh, I did it. So did you put Did you? Did you? Oh, you put the comment in the group. Sorry about that. I clearly don't know. No. I went back and I was oh, he probably is busy because of this challenge. Yeah, yeah. But yeah. Yeah. So what's your what your thoughts are when I'm talking about

[738:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: it? It was a good script for a video ad, I wouldn't use that script for your page.

[740:31] Speaker 7: For my website, is what you're saying? Correct?

[741:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, for your page, I would use a more of a long form like VSL, like a seven to 10 minute video, or not have a video at all.

[743:34] Speaker 7: Got it? I was thinking of doing your ollie because above above fold, where people can really understand why the company went, why we're so different than everybody else. And why it was that I created the company. I'm gonna I just came up with another version. And I'm going to put that into the group. So you can give me your thoughts. And actually, I was thinking of just creating the actual video and then you can watch it with my tone and everything. Yeah, you know that I think maybe a bunch better. And

[751:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: the one thing that I said is that when you if you do do a video like that, you want to do it in the first person, not as if you're talking about like a like a company figure, you want to personalize it as you talking about how he makes

[754:21] Speaker 7: complete sense. And that's what that's the way I wrote that. The one that I written now, is he talking to people, right? Like and actually means like talking to one person not to like a group of people, right? Because it gives it really, it's just one person watching it at a time. Right? Like, yeah, maybe like multiple people watching it together. But that's a rare situation. Right? So. So yeah, I'm gonna redo that for sure. And then and then I'll use Yeah, I'll send it back in the group I appreciate. And then I should put the, the hero's journey, right. And so the hook should be my question. The story should be my own personal story as to why I created it. And then the offer about them checking out it. Yeah. And I think the offer at the end will be made complete sense of what I've written. So you've answered my question. Thanks so much, man.

[768:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think what you want to do is, thanks so much, I have your Can you hear me?

[769:50] Speaker 4: I can hear you.

[770:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, you want to have your, your like a headline, that again, it talks about the desired result here, you're gonna get what's up.

[774:29] Speaker 0: Know, that means complete

[774:42] Speaker 7: sense.

[775:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then the desired result and then handles the objection. And then you go into describing the story of the pain that they've been through, and the result that you're able to lead them to. And that's a big part of it is really touching on a combination of both their problem and solution in that storytelling aspect of the copy. Wow, that

[782:32] Speaker 7: was phenomenal. What you say is that I wish somebody

[786:25] Speaker 0: you

[786:55] Speaker 7: should keep the use you make an article or member explained it that way. That means Yeah, but I appreciate you. So

[789:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll probably I'll probably share that at the beginning of tomorrow's training, too, is really Yeah, it's just and I broke this down. So in the members area, and the client growth accelerator is the copywriting mastery course, as I break down that like, like, one two punch of how you do the headline, which breaks down like what is the promised results, and then the objections, and then you tell the story that essentially is repeating their story back to them with their problems and pain points as well as the solution embedded in that because then that invites them into wanting to read more because it resonates with knowing that you understand what their pain is and what they're going through. So, so Jasper is able to really help unpack that and do that for you. And that's what I use the AI to do is to really dive deeper into the psychology of why would somebody actually want like, here's what I asked for all of you, you want to answer this let's the seven layers of why. Why would somebody want to create a vision board? Why would somebody want to learn to hear God's voice better? Why would somebody want to learn how to get their guitar player and they want to get their music heard by more people? Why would somebody want that and you understand the psychology behind that? With empathy, Jasper can actually help you cheat with your empathy by asking why would somebody want their songs hurt? In fact, let me show you how to use it that way. Actually, I'm gonna use Chet GPT it works the same way. Whether using Chad's up to Jasper, I'll show you the results between the two here and then we'll close out. So like I would ask like a very simple logical question. Why would a guitar player want their songs heard? by more people? Like just you want to be curious about all these questions there are many reasons they want them to be heard. For one, it can be a great way to get feedback on their music, help improve as a musician, help them gain a wider following. especially important if they're looking for to make a career to have a strong fan base. Okay, so let's put this one out there. Why would a guitar player want a larger fan base so you can pull out like one word from the copy that really resonates with what they're looking for. And it helps you understand deeper what they're wanting a larger fan base can be beneficial for many reasons. They can book more gigs sell more music, and importantly, anyone's looking to make a career create a sense of community around their work and support and inspiration having a larger fan base was helping musician reach wider audience. Okay. So why would a guitar player want to reach a wider audience versus just playing smaller shows or being obscure or unknown? See song I'm asking more specific questions.

[846:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, here's where I would ask it I would deviate from this. What is the

[848:01] Speaker 0: the biggest barrier stopping a guitar player from reaching a wider audience?

[852:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is their biggest struggle? So you actually just asked these questions like you would a person. When you do the same in Jasper, there's many potential barriers. One of the biggest can be simply getting their music heard by a larger number of people in today's industry, there's a lot of competition that can be difficult to gain attention. Additionally, they struggled to find the right opportunities to perform and share their music, they face financial challenges, and they may not have the resources to promote their music. Okay. So this is enough now to even build an offer with so if I copy all of this, and I go write a sales letter for a webinar about this content. Paste the whole thing down there. says Dear guitar players you'd have Tired of struggling to get your music heard? Do you dream of building a stronger fan base to make a career out of it? If so, this is for you. And this webinar will explore many of the reasons why guitar players might want their songs heard by more people. The benefits of growing a larger fan base will cover reaching a wider audience that's important to musicians. So here's what I would do with this is I would take this and that's where we go into our Jasper recipe as we run that into here, okay. But I'm going to show you two Jasper has a function where you go Jasper

[875:56] Speaker 1: documents and this is only an Bosma that you can do this. You can also it's the same engine that uses GPT. Three, you ask it questions so we start with the same questions. But here's what's crazy as Jasper answers it a little bit differently and better in my opinion. So we got to the top here. What are some of those questions that we asked? Why would a guitar player want their songs heard? Starting from a blank canvas, we asked this question, you can put a tone of voice in here, I usually like to put my mom's tone of voice because I find it creates better sales letters.

[885:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: They want to get their songs heard, because they want to share their music with the world, they also hope to make a career out of it. Can you go into more detail about this?

[889:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's able to pull in a lot of light, they need to invest in gear to practice to build relationships. To stay up to date, it takes dedication and hard work, okay.

[892:10] Speaker 0: Now, let's ask,

[892:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: why would they want a larger fan base? Right or reasons. First and foremost, more fans means more people listen to their music, help build relationships with potential collaborators. So Jasper is actually giving us much deeper psychological root issues and reasons why somebody would want to do this. So you can go write a sales letter based on this info?

[902:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're tired of struggling to get it heard by more people? Okay, no. See, so it's basing it off the top portion there. Write a sales letter based on this. Quick question, are

[906:38] Speaker 3: you utilizing this copy in emails as well?

[907:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, we can use this in emails, you can reward it for an email. Are you ready to share your passionate music with the world turned into a career? See, that's a different hook than Do you want to get your music heard. So you want to understand which of those hooks then your audience would resonate with us to be able to do that, gaining more exposure, all that by really diving into the psychology of the student. And that's where you have the feedback loop that's so important, where people answer the questions, what's your biggest struggle with getting your songs listened to. And then they will tell you what that is, then you build your offer based off of all those answers they give you. Because they're actually telling you the words to say you're just mirroring their own thoughts to them. Okay, so it's pretty, it's pretty cool how we're able to use this to give us like, it's a starting point for you for your copy. It's a starting point for you to get going we use this a there's a doctor that we work with. He tried to use Jasper like this I coached him on it three or four times couldn't get it to make any good original content. I finally showed him how you actually correct it. So there's a way in Jasper and the reason why I say just Jasper is just much better. It's designed for marketing copy chat GPT is not specifically designed for marketing copy you can actually direct Jasper better around what you're selling you can put it into the content description and the content brief right here and so what you do is the content brief allows you to gauge it in a different direction that you want to go so watch this let's let me think guitar players this is specific so this is that here's will be a niche a niche within the niche. This is specifically for guitar players who wants to play with famous artists and go on tour around the world. So this will allow you to direct the content differently when you paste that in there. How would someone start playing with famous artists

[948:08] Speaker 3: so you know we cannot see your screen.

[949:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So I put this into the content brief right here. A few ways guitar players can start playing with famous artists is to attend music festivals. Watch videos reach out to the artists management team finally network with other musicians. And so then if we take that combined with right PA is copied based on the above. It can be tough to make a living as a musician see this is where Jasper shines for landing pages is when you give it that much information and it starts literally almost writing the perfect sales letter for you. This would be I would put a headline above this. Finally make a living, playing the guitar, and traveling the world. Even if you've never played outside of your bedroom before, it can be tough to make a living as a musician you need dedication and skill set. Even if you're amazing guitar player, it can be hard to make a name for yourself. There's so many talented musicians out there, it's difficult to stand out. So this says by investing in quality gear, by the way, here's what we found in the music industry, the same marketing that you would use to market gear to people you can market coaching because it's almost the same mindset of investment. By investing in our in our program, we will show you how to build relationships with other musicians. So that you can increase your chances of making it as a pro. Our are not platform, you could say our system that you change this to our Training

[976:29] Speaker 0: offers you the best process to get started right away

[979:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: of living your music dreams. So I reworded this in a way that fits more what the actual offer is. So this could be offer copy right here. But then that would be the storyline, that would be the start of your offer that you're that you're actually putting out there. And you can iterate this through by telling them that whenever we want to look at what are some objections people would have to this. They might not have the dedication to practice, they might not be able to afford it. And they might think networking is difficult. So that's where you could actually do

[990:32] Speaker 0: even if you struggle with networking. And don't have a lot of time to meet new people.

[995:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like that would actually filter in those objections based off of if those are actually objections. But you can ask Jasper and see which kind of objections that actually gives you and start to filter that into your copy. So that's how we kind of iterate back and forth and play around with what boss mode gives us and does here, then I would actually take this back through my recipe.

[1003:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I skipped that part. And this is where we dive into their fear.

[1005:19] Speaker 0: What keeps them up at night.

[1006:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And all their hard work and dedication won't translate to success. That's a big reason why most people don't get started with a coaching business. There afraid of not making a living and not being able to achieve their dreams. So a lot, a lot of the root cause behind this is again, a lot of the same thing that I'm coaching you guys through to even start to create. Okay, that's interesting. Right there, what it shows, but it's showing like if that was specifically what you were trying to do, is if you are trying to help women break out in the music scene, that would be a niche within a niche of the music scene and you would want to be specific about that in your copy. Okay, so that then that allows you to then iterate through and generate, make a living playing the guitar traveling the world. A lot of that's pulling from what we generated there. Is it actually possible to do this? Those are skeptical questions. We offer the best process to get started right away living your music training, so you can focus on what's important, the music will take that off. Right PHS it's hard to make a name for yourself. As a musician, there's so many talented musicians out there, it's difficult to stand out from the crowd. In this free training, we'll show you how to how to start building relationships with other musicians so you can increase your chances of making it as a pro. In the music industry, specifically, this would be an offer if we were trying to talk about building relationships versus how do you write better songs? Versus how do you successfully run a tour? Versus how do you successfully promote your brand? See, so those are four different offer ideas for entirely different psychological desires. And so you got to get real specific as to which desire are you actually serving with your offer you You'll lose money by being very generic with I just want to help guitar players get out there. So you want to dive deeper into okay, what what type of get out there are you trying to help them with that makes sense. So that's how we can, that's how we can utilize Jasper to really refine our offer copy that way. And to do that and to play around with but the biggest step is to just get started playing around with the chat GPT playing around with Jasper, no more hesitation you can hesitate in every other area of your life. But when it comes to like the coaching and course business. By the time you think about what you want to do, six months from now 20 other coaches will have already come up with better offers and saturated the market. That's why you got to like act more impulsively on those ideas that you have. So best Did you have a question?

[1056:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, thank you. Um, so would you say boss mode is the minimum? For us for Jasper?

[1058:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you need to know what the main mode doesn't really, like, give you a lot access to actually ask it questions and do that. Okay. There is some nice, like templates that we use in there, I do use the email subject line one a lot. And they're template, we use a lot of those for my mom, I rewrite a lot of them. That's the other thing too, the more you know, your audience, you're gonna end up rewriting a lot of what it produces, and using less and less of the AI and more and more of your instincts. But this allows you to shore up your instincts instead of waiting until you know all this stuff about your market. You don't you'll also in the past, we would have had to do weeks and weeks and weeks and months and months and months of market research that we actually don't have to do as much of now if you use the AI this way. And then you're just filtering in like that. So that's it's it's powerful. If you're getting really generic results, it's because you're feeding it really generic information about the outcome and the offer. That's what we've found. And so it's just really doing that exercise of diving deeper into okay, why would somebody want this? How can I get more specific as to what they're looking for?

[1078:36] Speaker 2: I want to actually think I want to thank you really quickly before you stop tonight, because what you gave just on Saturday, I'm already I'm still on cloud nine from what I took away from Saturday, and that's cool. I'll be finishing all your videos. So in the VIP, but I'm, I'm so thankful because i thought i i pridefully thought I was already tightening my niche niche, whatever. Yeah, you know, and now I'm like, No, I'm, I'm still so general to these Christian health coaches. It's just mind blowing to me. It also gave me peace about okay, I'm going to tackle this one topic with them and lead that to that day. And then I'm going to top tackle this one over here. It like helped me narrow out what I'm even doing.

[1091:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, here's the other thing that I'll say to man, my mom said something crazy. The other day I want to just play this for y'all. I recorded it on my phone, I wanted to do like a side by side with her on Tik Tok and Instagram, like her recording and then me next to it. I'm gonna play it for all you guys. So here's what's interesting. So I talk here's the thing, I'm all about speed of execution but you need to be long term patient and that's an important distinction is long term patients with short term you don't let something sit around for weeks and weeks and weeks without saying okay, what can I do to move the needle forward, but you still have long term patients on the big picture and the outcome that's that's the whole idea of being detached from needing the outcome to go a certain way and really trusting the process and here's what I took from my mom was right here. Let me see if I can like you can hear it and then I can show it to you all at

[1107:04] Speaker 0: the same time. Summer Stock screw ups Why is there no audio because there's no they don't make the kind of money this is the thing

[1112:54] Speaker 8: that happens with small business owners if they don't make the kind of money they want to make the first six months to a year they give up. And yet the person who is sitting right next to them in class didn't give up and on year three popped to six figures year for Papa multiple six figures year five up to a million while they're over there still train chasing another trainer, another system and trying to defeat their disappointment rather than dealing with their issue of impatience. I think that's the biggest problem as well with people in the stock market. Yeah.

[1121:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I agree with that is, a lot of times we just get impatient like, Okay, I tried this five times before it failed. We talked about this yesterday in the VIP, we got to have like long term patience on this, but then also say, Okay, I need to start moving forward and actually doing something. Instead of staying stuck where like, I'm, I'm afraid to write my offer copy, I've stopped using the word fear, because it's not always fear, honestly, I think it's just, we don't know what to do. And that's fine. If we don't know what to do, we don't do anything. What I'm hopefully giving everybody here is what to do. Okay, and what to do next. And and, again, if you're like, I still I followed you. So I know that there's some of you on here, you still don't know what to do next, go back to go into the VIP, go into the recordings, watch the finding your niche training, because that's really the foundation is when you know who you're serving as a coaching course creator, then you bring the WHO into the AI, and then that starts to write out the offer copy, right. And so the AI is really easy to start with. Because you don't have to be like a marketing expert, to write copy that's like, it's nice. It's 80 to 90% of the way there, it's done. It's good enough. And then once you iterate and you survey your audience, and they tell you, Okay, this is what my desires are, this is what I want. This is what I really want to learn. I'm finding more and more, everybody's asking me about funnels. I'm finding like, more and more people are asking me about doing the funnels. And it's funny because I tell God, this, the number one, I get my prayer time, and I cry, I'm like, I don't want to teach ads and funnels anymore. And that's what everybody's asking me for. Because I've been doing it so long, right? But if I teach ads funnels, copy, and I help you, you, write your offer, copy, create your funnel promote with ads, you can make six figures as a coach with any niche. The Blueprint I'm giving you is how you can make seven and eight figures. That's why I like I'm saying like, like, even if you miss that by like 99%, you're still gonna bring in a good amount of money, just by promoting offers, just by making more offers to people. And that's the biggest thing is just by putting yourself out there to promote to get people on your email list. And then to sell them a program or a training, or to even just sell them something that's only $7 Like, even if you just want to start there, I'm gonna get a sell them a $7 work with at the end and see how many respond as you get better at that process that will help you okay, $7 Next time we're gonna do 27 Next time, we're gonna do 47 Here's what I'm gonna tell y'all I am never doing a $7 VIP ever again, is way too cheap. I'm never doing a $17 VIP ever again, the lowest VIP that I'm going to be doing is 27. Because I just I'm it helped a little bit. But I'm noticing it's not quite what I'm wanting. The people who spend the $7 Don't even go through the bonus trainings they paid for. So I'd rather it be go to people that actually are gonna go through it. And then everybody else can go through the free stuff, right? So all right, well, hey, this has been good. Thanks, everybody for being on here. I know we went a little bit later on this, but I really just wanted to cover how we use Jasper, how we read our copy how we put this together, right? And so then,

[1180:43] Speaker 0: then

[1181:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I want is tomorrow, we're gonna go into, like, how do we actually build all this out? And then start to promote it to people? And then how do you actually have it where it runs itself, so that you're not working 50 to 100 hours a week, so that you're able to put a lot of this on autopilot. That's one of the biggest goals is to where you can put this on autopilot as well as to where but I'll say this, you can't put it on autopilot till you start doing it. The basics, like the basics, you got to be faithful with the basics. You will couple live events and then take a recording from that live event and run that as the autopilot. That's the main way to do that. It's what I have found is we have tried this our people like recorded a pre recorded webinar and launched that and most of the time, those fail if it's pre recorded, because there's really lacking that human connection. So you Want to create that human connection where people get to ask you questions where you get to interact with some people, especially if you're just starting out? Because you're you're basing all of your sales, copy all of your offers and all of your messaging off of how can I connect deeper with people? How can I really demonstrate? How can I demonstrate that I understand what they're going through, give value while leading them to what I want them to purchase. And that's all on really getting in the weeds with real people standing behind the camera and avoiding people and hoping to make money that way. Is, is long term, you can do it. A Rick Pino, like when he hit a million a month, everything he's doing is on autopilot and pre recorded now he's not doing nothing live. Because he dialed in the sales pitch and the messaging so well, that he knows that it's the same every time and every time he runs it, he just gets it in front of new people. You know, so that's a big part of it is, the more you iterate it, the better you'll get with the language and will will, you'll be able to put it on autopilot even better.

[1220:34] Speaker 0: I'm

[1221:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure you could start with something that's automated, but I, I just haven't, I've seen more people lose money that way. Then starting with doing a few that are live, and then they take the recording of one of those and run it automated. I've just seen that work so much better than getting frustrated that your automated one failed three or four times. That's it makes me sad. Like I ran a webinar that was automated and nobody signed up. And nobody bought from me. Well, what you said probably was not really connecting with real people, because it was more like you're talking to a camera. So it's about human connection. That's what creates results. All right. All right, everybody. I wish I can I just want to like keep talking for like, hours. This group is awesome here. This is great. This whole group that's here.

[1236:28] Speaker 0: Um, I'll see everybody tomorrow.

[1237:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Make sure you got some questions ready to go as well. Post them in the group, post them in the session, post, whatever you're thinking maybe throughout the day, and then I'll I'll do my best to kind of serve that as we go through this. The biggest thing though, is we got to start writing the offer copy, we got to start doing that. We start writing that and then we put it on a page, and then you launch it out there get people to sign up for an event. And then that's what you sell to people.

[1244:38] Speaker 0: That's the process. All right.

[1245:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I tell people that it's just do what I'm doing. But filter it for your thing, and it'll work. Because it's what's working for us really well. So just do what I'm doing for your thing and it'll work and then keep testing. All right. Have a good one, everybody. I'll see you all tomorrow.

