Coaching - Lesson 4
Date: 2022-03-02T00:36:42.000Z
Duration: 22 min
Otter ID: B6Cah4SNGvpjWhe7hZRe-UZc-hw
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, now that we got that out of the way, listen, how does coaching actually help people? How can you as a coach, make sure that you bring transformation into people's lives? What about influencing other people's decisions? What are your responsibilities when it comes to being a coach? And how do you get your clients the most results? Again, now, you might be saying, Listen, I just want to learn how to make more money. As a coach, we're going to talk about monetization models. We're gonna talk about different types of coaching programs, if you have my irresistible offers that sell course, that has a whole section about how to create offers around your coaching, and then my social media ads course, you can run ads to find people, you can run events like challenges, or like webinars. To do that. That's what we're doing right now to reach people is events, challenges and webinars to reach people with our coaching. But you got to get the foundation of actually being a good coach, before you think about, I want to make money as one. It's about bringing transformation to people's lives, not just selling empty hopes and dreams. And here's the thing, as a coach, your goal is you're selling the result. That's what you're doing. You're promising a result to people. And so you might say, Well, how do I know I can deliver that result? Well, here's the thing, you're selling the opportunity for that person to make the decisions and the actions to get there. So everybody that I coach, they don't do everything that I say, and unfortunately, that is kind of frustrating. As a coach, let's be honest, I think every coach can admit to that it gets a little frustrating. But that's where you got to detach your own personal emotions and need to control people and make people do what you think they should, from the coaching relationship. This goes right back to what we talked about in the last lesson. If you're somebody that deals with total control of people, you're going to struggle to be a good coach. Now at the same time, you'll probably be more direct with people. If you're a people pleaser, you're going to struggle in a whole other way, which is kind of the way that I struggled, or you're going to struggle to say anything that offends anybody, and not be as direct. Okay. So whatever that is, if your thing is, is the control thing, you might want to loosen that up just a little bit, if it's people pleasing, you might want to become a little more assertive, to speak into people's lives, even if it's gonna upset them, even if it's gonna offend them, even if it's not gonna make them happy. Listen, your goal is not to be a best friend. As a coach, your goal is not for the person, you're coaching to love you. That's why we don't find our validation in what we do as a coach. That's why we don't find our own personal agendas fulfilled. As a coach, sure, can you make a good income with it? Absolutely. And I teach a model that will help you make seven and even eight figures like we've helped business owners do, you can literally scale up to that level with coaching and courses. It's not difficult. It's not impossible, it does take time. But it's step by step. And if you follow it, and you stay consistent, it works. And it's worked for myself. It's worked for the businesses that we work with, and I don't see it going away anytime soon. I don't see human beings having problems and wanting to learn things, stopping anytime soon. In fact, I see that accelerating. And so there's a great opportunity here for you, people are more and more open to coaching, more and more, they're seeing the ROI on it. And you can be the one that opens up and provides that opportunity in the relationship to sell that transformation to them. So what you're doing is you're offering a result to people that you can work with them. You're offering to be able to bring them from where they are to where they want to be well, how do you know what that is? First off, you want to listen to your audience. You want to listen to what people are actually saying what their problems are, you actually want to get into as many conversations as possible. And if you check out the social media content creation course, I talked about how you can use social media content, to create conversations with people to where they share with you, what they care about what their problems are, what their issues are, then you're able to help craft how you would lead somebody to that transformation. What questions you would use, see, here's the thing in the coaching relationship, you use questions you use a lot of questions. This is something that I learned that I wish I knew in the beginning is that coaching is not just parroting ideas and opinions and advice, not advice giving again, that's consulting. That's counseling. Coaching is where you ask questions, and the answers reveal themselves by the questions that you asked what kind of questions you ask. Let's say that somebody wants to

[79:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: start building their business But they're really struggling with the self control to stay consistent. So the questions I ask is, well, what happens when you go to build your business? And they tell me. And so you had this goal, you have this desire? Why is that so hard for you? And why haven't you stayed consistent? Well, I got this saw going on. So what happened if you if you change that, and and that wasn't your way? Well, I think everything would crash and burn in my life, I'd probably lose my marriage and all that. Okay, well, great. Well, we know that that's not an option that you have. So you want to acknowledge their values. They don't want to ruin their marriage. And say, but what could you do? And you start to get them thinking, imagine, and this is one thing I run all my business owners through. I say, imagine you were making 10 times what you are right now, whatever your income is, 10 times that. Like, that'd be freaking amazing. Everybody can admit that. They're like, wow, some people say it's scary. They can't even think about it. But most of them are like, Wow, that feels really good. And I say, How would your actions How would you treat people differently? And I start to ask, and I start to lead them to the actions that they need to take. Now, sometimes I'll share my expertise, because I've been doing it for so long. And they'll ask questions of me, and I'll share that. But always when the person asks for advice, your goal is a coach is not to be an advice giver. Your goal as a coach is to lead people to transformation. Again, that's why I also mentioned those leadership books in lesson number two, leadership is not about barking orders at people, and telling them what you think they should do. That is the very opposite of successful leadership. And so as a coach, it's the same exact way, you're not barking ideas and advice at people to get them to do what you think they should. Quite the contrary, you're leading them based off of their heart desires, what they want to the desire that they have, and you're using their desires to motivate them. And so by learning, what motivates people, what drives them, everybody's different, and they're not all like you. That's one thing that I want you to get from this is that everybody that you coach is not going to be like you, you'll find a decent amount of people in the beginning that might be because they'll resonate with you. But they're not all like you. And what motivates them is not the same as you. And so when you can uncover what motivates somebody, you can use that, to drive them to bring transformation to their lives. How do you uncover what motivates somebody? Most people don't know the answer to that. You observe what they talk about what they say, see, it's about listening, it's about active listening. When we, again, back to the last lesson, personal development, get our eyes off of ourselves and our own fears and worrying what other people think about us. We can focus solely on the person that we're working with solely on the one that we're coaching. And you'll pick up on clues based on what they say about their values about what motivates them about what they love. And here's the thing, in the coaching relationship, in the beginning, you want to spend more time getting to know that side of the person that you're coaching. Because when you know what motivates them, what drives them, what helps them when you also know their history, their life history, their experiences, when you know, their pain and what they've been through, you can learn how to work with them in the way that best brings the best, most optimal possible result and transformation out of their lives. And so a you learning about those things is going to be very important. Be Listen, just because trauma motivates somebody doesn't mean that you need to traumatize them into doing what they should. I've ran into that quite a bit when I'm coaching people is that they have personal trauma. And they need punishment and pain to motivate them to take action. And so my job as a coach is not to use those things, but rather is to help them make the decision that maybe that hasn't been serving them. And we start to paint a picture for somebody of alternatives that are much better and operating in a new framework for their life. So you're influencing the decisions and the choices that another person makes.

[152:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Growing in your people skills is very important. Growing in your ability to communicate and connect with people is very important. And there's another book by John Maxwell called everyone communicates few connect. And I recommended it in my irresistible offers course. I'm recommending it in this one too, because I really feel like the better you get at Community indicating with other people, the better that you will be at the coaching, relationship. Communication is just the words we say. But it goes deeper when you learn to connect with people, because you're able to grab onto okay, what drives this person? What motivates them? What do they care about? What are they withholding? What are they not being honest with? One of the biggest things is this is that in the coaching relationship, you want it to be a safe place, where people are vulnerable enough to share things with you that they haven't shared with anybody else. Because they trust you. And if they're not, that they don't trust you, they're not going to share that they're not going to open up in that way. And they're only going to ever say what they think you want to hear. And that doesn't help anybody. And so again, Crucial Conversations, crucial accountability. Everyone communicates few Connect. These are great books, to help you, in your journey, to become a better coach, to help you learn the nuances of dealing with different personalities, the nuances of talking and communicating with people. Now, how do you put this into practice, you go and you talk with a lot of people, you start coaching people. You start working with people, you start connecting with people, if you've never coached anybody before in the beginning, what you want to do is you want to find some people that need coaching, and start connecting with them. Now, should you offer free coaching? We're going to talk about that some more later? My answer is no, you shouldn't. However, in the beginning to gain practice, you will need to do some level of free coaching with people to learn and get better at your craft. And so with that, I would invite you to do it solely for the focus of how do I get better at this? It happens by working with people. It happens by consistently working through issues with people working through what are the things that hold them back? What are the things that are limiting them, what's the transformation they have? And and you becoming better at connecting with others so that you can influence those decisions. And that my friends is ultimately how you bring a client results. Now listen, the client is still responsible to take action, but you can hold them accountable. If you're somebody that hates accountability and personal responsibility yourself, you're going to struggle with this. And so what is holding somebody accountable says hey, by the next time we talk, I need you to finish a, b and c that we agreed upon in the session that needs to be done. That way, you don't waste my time and I don't waste your time. Deal. And by doing that, does that sound rude? Could be another some people. But it produces transformation, it creates a level of accountability, it creates a level of perceived consequence. Now the other thing is is this is that sometimes you do need to have consequences in a coaching relationship. If you find that somebody is not being honest with you, and they continually are missing out on meetings and rescheduling and wasting your time, you're gonna have to let them go and say, Hey, listen, I can't be your coach anymore. Because they don't respect you. And somebody who doesn't respect you isn't going to let you coach them. Okay? Again, your goal isn't to be respected by other people. Your goal isn't to be liked and people to think that you're smart. Your goal is to bring transformation to people, people listen to those that they respect and look up to. And in the coaching relationship, there is a level of respect that is deserved. I've truly believed that. Because if I'm coaching somebody and they're just laughing all the time at what I'm saying, I mean, there's no there's, there's no respect there. What Why, why are you wasting my time? And so that's the attitude that you got to have not in a cocky, rude way, though some people may think it's rude. Just that hey, listen, you're not for everybody. You're not Cheetos, you're not ice cream.

[232:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Some people are meant to work with other coaches and some are meant to work with different ones. They may not work well with you, they might not vibe with you. They may not connect with you, as well as they would somebody else. And so, that's a big reason why I talk about this in my irresistible offers course but I'm going to talk about it a little bit here. You have to understand who your target coachee is who you can best help, you're not going to help everybody, you have a certain coaching style. And so don't make yourself into who you think everybody needs you to be, it's actually better to niche down specifically to an area, that is a most common problem that you can help people with. And this is going to actually be the most profitable for you, you'll make the most amount of money by not being such a general coach, but by being a more of a specialist coach, by finding your niche. And that's based off of some of your expertise, some of your experience, and you can grow in that later. It also has to do with what is the common pattern of problems that people are bringing to you. And then you can build your coaching practice, around the same problems, I've now built my whole entire business around one type of person coaches, and course creators, that struggle with their messaging, struggle with communicating with people and struggled to find 1000s of customers that want to make millions of dollars. Those are the people that I serve, and that I help every single day. And many of them deal with the issues of people pleasing. Not all of them, but many of them do, that I've worked with, but they have a desire, they want to have an impact on people. And so for you, you're going to be able to look at what's the common trend across those that I'm working with? What's a common problem that they're bringing to me? And how can I solve that for this group of people, and that, my friends, is how you're gonna be able to help people because then what ends up happening is, you end up hearing the same problems. And then you end up gaining an expertise in how to solve those problems. And now that becomes courses for you. My program, your easy course, Creation Blueprint walks you through how to create courses, from the common problems that you've dealt with irresistible offers itself was the result of hundreds of coaching sessions that I had with people, I created that course, because it was the most common marketing related coaching that people needed. Okay. And so niching down is so important. And that, my friends, is what's going to help you get even better at providing results to people that my friends is what's gonna help you make more money as a coach. And we're going to talk more about the monetization as a coach and how to make more money in the next lesson. But I want you to understand that there's some prerequisites to that personal development, understanding what coaching is, knowing who your target customer is, understanding how to connect, how to communicate, how to lead and influence people to take action that's going to change their lives. If you're going to meet somebody, and they have a goal, how can you promise that you can bring them to the end of that goal, some of you are afraid to do that, you're gonna have to grow in the courage to make some promises to people, and then be willing to take the risk to put yourself out there. And that my friends is one of the hardest things that anybody as a coach, course creator, or business owner does is the risk of putting themselves out there to the public. But that's what creates a business. And that's what creates success. And that's what brings in profits. And so when you grow, you're gonna need some thicker skin. Absolutely. growing thicker skin is a huge part about being successful as a coach and course creator. If you don't, you're gonna get eaten up by the sharks, and people are rude, and they're mean and it's gonna hurt. So by having some thicker skin, they can chomp at you, but they're not going to get through. And that's the place where I've gotten to. And anytime that I find maybe a weak spot where it hurt when somebody said something, I go talk to my coach, I go talk to my therapist about this. And we work through those issues in my life. So that I can be a better coach to the people that I work with. So that I can provide the transformation that I'm promising people. And that's the same for you. And so growing in your ability to connect with others, growing in your listening skills, your active listening skills, again, co active coaching is a great book about this topic.

[309:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of books that I've recommended, it's because these are experts that I've learned from that have made me a better coach is by studying these books. And it transformed how I talk, communicate and coach with everybody in a much stronger way. So that's why I recommend these books. And I'm not just going to take their information and parrot them to you in this course and reteach the content right here. I'll share a little bit of some of it. But you're gonna have to go read those books because they're life changing for you They're transformational. I wouldn't do them justice if I tried to teach them in this course, because they focus on a unique area of skill set that will help you and it'd be great reading for you to grow. And so you can check out audible.com. You can look at Audible. And you can find books on there. Audible subscription is a great way to listen to books, Kindle Unlimited, is another great way. You have to commit to learning. How do I influence people? How do I work with people? How do I connect with people to get them to make a decision that's better for their lives. It's not about manipulation. It's not about hear me, it's not about saying the right words to get somebody to do what I want. It's the complete opposite of that. It's you discovering what another person desires, and then you giving it all you can to help bring them that result in their life. Totally separate from any personal agenda that you have. It's service, it's a form of service, you're serving other people. That my friends is what coaching is, is you're you're serving another individual's desires and goals, and laying all of your agendas aside, to help another person reach that place in their life. Can you do that? Can you commit to that? If so, then we can move forward. If not, this is going to be the area that you're going to spend a lot of your study for the next couple of months at least, is growing in. After that, then we can talk about models of how do we get clients. If you're not coaching with people already, you're going to have to bring in people and learn how to do that. We're gonna talk about that in the next lesson. You can use free coaching as a way to get better at your skill set. But it's not the answer end all be all because you're going to go broke if you give your time away for free to people, but it's a good learning process. Alright, so as we go to the next lesson, we're gonna talk about how to make more money as a coach, and how you can be more successful financially through this talk soon everybody have a good one?

