Day 3_ Build Your 6 Figure Coaching Business - 5 Day Intensive!
Date: 2022-08-19T14:52:48.000Z
Duration: 76 min
Otter ID: 3cz-o58sB1KZ9gHQl3s_gaR1618
---

[37:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright everybody what is up? Welcome, welcome. Welcome. Welcome, welcome. I'm excited to have you. Are you excited to be here? We're here for day number three. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. This is awesome. I'm excited to be here with you. Are you excited to be here? Who is in the comments post, where you're watching from? Let me know your live, let me know you're here we got some people logging in, I just sent the link out to everybody. We're gonna let some people log on a whole bunch of people logging on woohoo, let's go. Let's go. Man, today is gonna be a fun day, we're going to be talking about your offers, we're going to be talking about how to take your niche, and how to take your idea that you have and get clients. And that's what we're going to be focusing on for the next three days is client getting? Interestingly enough, a lot of the people who logged into this training statistically, don't make it all the way through to the best part of the training because they only watched the first two days and they don't get to this point. So unfortunately, it's their loss, I hope they would watch it. That's statistically how it goes. Usually, the amount of people drops off significantly on day number three, compared to day number one, and so that's great. That's awesome for you guys. You guys get me more exclusively right now. You're the ones that are saying, I'm committed to this. I'm committed to getting results. I'm committed to producing results in my business. Who says results post results in the chat results? Results? Who wants results? Not just a bunch of information to pump puff you up. Not just a bunch of woowoo rah rah motivational mindset stuff, some tangible, what can you do to get clients people are literally going to be able to take this training and get clients. That's what's gonna happen. And I know that because that's what's happened the past couple of times that I've done this. And so those of you that are here, you are committed, I got a few things I want to share with you. Before we start, it is this the VIP sessions are recorded. Okay, so if you don't have VIP, you get the recordings of the VIP sessions. You don't get them recordings of these sessions, however, you do get the written transcript, I had an AI transcribe it for you. And so you're gonna get the transcript of all five of these days that you can read through, which for some of you might even be better than the videos, which is awesome. Okay, so keep that in mind. The other thing I just I want to say specifically to coach effectively, again, you don't need to be a subject matter expert, you can teach and coach on things that you have just recently learned that you know, just a little bit better than other people, this idea that you have to reach a certain Pinnacle level, to be able to build a six figure business is complete crap, it really is. And unfortunately, it's sold to people that they need to get the certifications, they need to reach a certain level of status. Before that, they can actually build a business. And I want to just set you free from that, that you don't have to. You can even build your coaching business as you're learning stuff. I know a lot of people that do that, and are very successful at it, it's your level of confidence that you can do. Now, we're not going to be lying to people and making up stories of case studies. Initially, you might coach people on something that you're learning, and do it for them for free to get a case study for like one to two months, see a lot of people have these timelines of six to 12 months to do stuff, I need y'all to shrink those down to one to two months, it doesn't take that long to make the decisions that you need to make. We've been talking about this the last few days, we've been talking about how to shrink timelines, how for things that they don't have to take, as long as we think they need to take as long as we've been programmed that they need to take that we can reach results quickly. And that actually taking longer is doing you a detriment. I was real passionate about that yesterday about coaches that make things take longer for people than they should, you're not going to get that with me, you're gonna get the fast track, the fast track to success, and I and I have something really exciting I want to share with you at the end of this training, an incredible opportunity that I've actually put together for you to work with me at a ridiculous level. That is something I've never offered before, and I'm probably never going to offer again. Okay.

[117:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so keep that in mind. Keep in mind that at the end of this training that we're going to talk about that. And we're gonna go over that. And so if you're in the VIP as well, you're gonna be able to jump in with me and ask questions. I'm just checking to a text from somebody out there telling me something was wrong with the stream. So luckily, there is nothing wrong with the stream, which is awesome. You guys are here. You guys are here to listen, you guys are here to learn. We got a whole bunch of people here. This is exciting. This is awesome. Let's go. Some of the first stuff that I want to share with you is this. Just foundationally I'm a man of faith. I believe in God. I think a lot of people here believe in God or have believed in God or believe in the universe or something to direct their footsteps that there's a higher power of some kind. Most of the people that are on here. When you surrender to God's timeline in your life, things happen faster. A lot of people ask me, Jeremiah, how long is it going to take for me to get six figures? It could take you less than two months, my client Joshua, less than two months, no following grew it over six figures less than two months. I have other people I've worked with clients in the past seven years later, they haven't even made their first offer yet, because they let fear control them. So that's your personal responsibility for how long you want this to take you. But when you surrender to God's plan and God's timeline, and you let him wreck your schedule, incredible stuff happens. When he said God, I am surrendering my desires, to your infinite wisdom. And I know that you have a plan for me and a destiny and that you will have not taken me this far just to leave me this far. When you surrender to that fully. Now yes, we want to work audaciously, we want to go after our goals. We need to work you need to actually put in the work to get the result sitting around on a couch isn't gonna get you nowhere. You got to do the work. But sometimes we got to plan in our lives. I'm gonna share a story about this. Four years ago, four or five years ago, I was working for my mom. I had this plan. I had this idea. I could see us going to hundreds of millions of dollars in a four year span. And God wrecked my timeline and he said no, you're going to start a new business. You're going to start from Zero, you're not going to be working with your mom anymore. And you're going to learn a bunch of lessons during that time, because I want to take you further. And it seemed crazy and I fought God on it. I thought it was crazy until I finally surrendered to His plan that he had for me. Okay, so I want you to in your timeline that you wanted to take Hear me out, you need to take quick, imperfect, risky, reckless action, I have a new podcast episode coming out with a client of mine, Joshua, or Jason Phillips. I just interviewed him about taking risks. In business, he's started three businesses, taking risks each time done it scared and he gives a blueprint for it is incredible podcasts gonna be live on Monday, you're gonna have to take risks and do stuff that seems stupid to your natural eye. Because you are following the direction of what you know is the path for your destiny. But you do so with an open hand, trusting that if things don't work out how we want it to that it's only setting us up for something better in the future. Okay. Now the next thing that I want to share with you. You must develop boundaries. Refuse to sacrifice your family, or your health, for what other people want you to do. Learn to say no to things Learn to say no to the good to say yes to the great in your life. There's people in our lives that that pull us in different directions. Even our businesses can become that even our clients can either to say no to clients and lose money. Because my family is the number one priority, you got to keep your priorities in order.

[190:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't waste time on graphics and video editing. Okay, use Canva. Use tools like Kaplan, use apps like InShot to edit your videos quickly. You want speed when it comes to media to eventually be able to then hire somebody maybe locally or on online jobs.ph which is one of my favorite sites to hire. overseas in the Philippines. I got I got one person right now there I got to I'm about to hire here this next week to help me with videos and social media content. But you don't want to spend a bunch of time on your graphics and editing, perfecting them. It's not going to produce you more results, people aren't going to respect you more, your authority isn't going to go up the quality of your content isn't going to be improved. And Rick pinos a great example of this, he was obsessed with the perfect video quality he would rent out Airbnb ease and have these great crazy productions. Now, like he knows the quality really doesn't matter. Sure, quality is good. But when it comes to coaching and marketing, it doesn't matter. By the way, the best advertisement videos are done selfie style on a cell phone. And we've tested that with over $9 million in paid ads spend every single time selfie style on a cell phone outperforms professional video for advertising. Okay, use Canva graphics in the beginning and do quick, simple edits, not long, drawn out editing. Choose to make your confidence unshakable so that nobody's opinion about you can knock you off track, I got a list of stuff I wanted to talk about before I start today. So I'm just going down the list. Believe in yourself so much that no matter what anybody says in your life, your friends, your family, people close to you. It can't knock you off track because you believe in yourself more than what anybody else says. When you get to that place, that level of self esteem, your ability to make profits and to sell and to sell your coaching skyrockets, okay. It's all about it really is all about mindset. Choose to not work with judgmental critical people, people who always got a criticism about what you're doing. People always got a better way to do it for you. They want to just they want to give you a little piece of advice randomly and learn to stop being critical and judgmental towards other people. Now, as a coach, we're basically a consultant, we're basically paid to criticize people, right? They're paying us to do that. But that's because they've asked us to. So if somebody is actually asking you for criticism and advice, give it something that's going to accelerate your ability as a coach as to learn to not be given criticism and advice to people that didn't ask for it. And to not take unsolicited advice from literally anybody. But to ask for advice more often from people. That's a key part. I start to ask for help more often start to ask for advice more often, you can ask somebody, Hey, can I give you some advice on this, but don't be going around just giving advice. All that is, is it serves your dopamine in your brain, and makes you feel like you did something valuable by tongue slapping somebody else and telling them how you think they should be doing something, and it doesn't produce results. And then when somebody else comes at you, and you're starting to build your business that gets in your brain, how do I know this because I was one of those people where I was given unsolicited advice to everybody, all the time, everywhere. Now, I've just created a structure where I can do it, and it's appropriate when I'm coaching people, okay? But when it's outside of that, when you're marketing land, when you're on your social media don't give concern to the squawking person in the crowd. When you're the athlete on the field. You think LeBron James cares about what the guy in row five has to say? No. Be like LeBron. Be like your favorite athlete, be like your favorite musician, or movie star or actor or whatever. Not the ones that you see that go off on the rails and start to they start fights with people, to where you're unshaken by the opinions of others and criticisms of others. And then find some healthy people in your life

[262:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: that can speak into your life truth. wise counsel, see, here's the thing. You don't want wise counsel coming from random and people on the internet. But you want to have a close knit group of people that will call you on your stuff, and won't let you get away with living your life, any different than your destiny. And that's the important part. They must be fully into you going after your destiny for them to have permission to give you advice, not the destiny that they think that you should have. But the one that you know, deep inside of you should have and sometimes that's very different. Okay? Otherwise we can become subject to manipulation very easily. And the last one, and this one's pretty cool. In your marketing, in your coaching, in everything that you do, you want to learn to not over explain things. I have been a chronic over explainer my whole life. Because I felt like it was unsafe to say things the wrong way. And if people misunderstood me I get punished and hurt. And people get mad at me. And I would over explain everything and it didn't help. I've had to train my brain to not over explain stuff. One of my first classes and courses my website building course, like 10 hours long, because I over explained everything. That course probably could have been four hours. You're gonna serve your clients better by not over explaining stuff, and learning to talk to them like their child. Now, some of you might say, Well, that sounds disrespectful and rude to talk to an a grown adult, like a child. Truth is we got to talk to everybody like children, if you're coaching, you got to have kid gloves on. You got to communicate with people like they are less than a fifth grader in age academic understanding the way that you write the way that you structure your sentences. There is actually a filter in Jasper AI that uses artificial intelligence to reword things in a way that that you would explain it to a fifth grader, and I do I make it explain it to a second grader to be honest. Fourth grade language is what produces sales, anything above that, you'll lose people. Your goal isn't to make yourself appear smart. By the way, you will have competitors and colleagues and people that are broke. Because they're there. If somebody's coming at you criticizing you, they're probably broke. It's not worth your time listening to them. Telling you that you speak to unlearn it, and that you sound stupid. sounding stupid makes you rich. Talking like a simpleton with simple easy to understand non academic language that is literally dumbed down. Essentially, it is that's the best way I can say it, you're dumbing it down to the simplest possible level will make you extremely wealthy. Because everybody no matter what part of culture they're from life experiences will be able to understand you. And so that's a skill set. By the way. Albert Einstein says the true definition of genius is to be able to take hard concepts and make them simple and easy to understand. And I think that guy's pretty smart guy. And so it's not about looking smart. It's about serving the people that you want to help and doing so in a way that you you talk to them like a child like like, It's okay they don't understand this stuff. You want to affirm people you want to encourage stump. As a coach, you want to gas up your clients, you want to make them feel so happy and so excited for what they're doing with them, even if it's the basic level stuff that you learned 1015 years ago. And you're going to have repeat clients, because people will love to be around you. Okay. So that's what I wanted to start this off with, because we're going to be talking about offers, and copy. And it's so important when you make your offers to do this. So what is an offer? Again, we talked about that yesterday, what you have for sale is not your offer. For instance, I have a coaching program for sale, I am going to make you guys an irresistible offer. For my coaching program.

[332:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a difference between those two, the irresistible offer is something that people will find it very difficult to say no to. And we'll find it very hard to keep their credit card in their in their pocket, unless for some reason, they're just trying to practice self discipline, and want to be a monk who never spends money, and can never be influenced by people for their own satisfaction. There's people like that, who like they'll go through every training, but they'll never buy anything, because there they find their self worth and not ever buying things that sold to them. Cool. But for the rest of the people, when they get to a place where you have identified, okay, who the person is, and we start with who first, every offer we make starts with who the person is first. So you want to be able to identify that once you have your niche. You look at okay, who is the person? Who is who needs help in this area? And what problem do they have? Remember, we went over that yesterday? Okay, once you identify that you make offers for them, and you're gonna make to essentially, you just need two offers. You have a free offer. Let me move my microphone over here. So you guys can hear me. Sorry about that on day one. When I was over here, you couldn't hear me, you should be able to at the microphone right there. So you have a free offer or low cost offer, okay, this is kind of the same thing should be treated the same. If it's under $97, it should be treated the same as if it's free. The difference is, the lower the price the less qualified the person is. So for instance, in this free training, I had over about 400 people sign up for it. As of right now, the stream says that there is 54 People live watching. Okay, so that is based on averages. Um, 400. I don't know, does somebody have the math on that it's less than 20%. It's less than 20% ad would be 20%. It's about 17%. So we're at 17% retention on day number three today. Of the people who signed up for this, which means that there's over 350 people out there that have not gone through this training, even though they said hey, I'm interested in this. Here's what's cool, I probably could have sold this training for $27. And I would have gotten the same 50 of you to pay 27 bucks for it. Go, but it would have cost me a lot more in advertising. That would have cost me a lot more it would have cost me maybe 100 to 200 bucks. Versus to get people into this it was less than $5 right around there and ad spend. Okay. And then we've made it back on the VIP, which is awesome. So you have your free offer. That's your webinar. That's your live event. That's your ebook. That's your masterclass that's your mini class training. That's your and you can either charge anywhere from $7 to $97. For it, you'll find a sweet spot where people start paying or stop paying. We tested this with Rick, we actually ran a direct campaign to test and split test between $47 $97 and $7. Want to hear the results? The $97 offer nobody signed up for it. The $47 offer. We got a fraction of people that sign up for it. The $7 offer a bunch of people signed up for it. Okay. But here's what ended up happening out of this. The people who actually paid 47 ended up purchasing the offer that he had afterwards. The people who paid seven didn't spend it I'm with him. And so if he had ran his whole campaign with a $7 offer, because he was getting leads, for 70 bucks, it was still 10 times that it was costing him $500 To get these $47 leads. But out of those leads, he was able to sell 20 $12,000 packages to them. None of these people bought the $12,000 package 20 of these people bought the $12,000 package. So you see the difference. These people who paid 47 for the for the low cost offer.

[411:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: They were more qualified and ended up buying. So selling a $12,000 package to people and trying to bait them with a $7 hook. It's the wrong audience. It does qualify people more Yes, of course. And so that's where free to $7 is essentially considered the same thing. You will have more qualified people at $7. And free, we'll just have a bunch of people who sign up and never do anything. This call at least qualifies them. But you'll want to sell them different price stuff at this point. Okay, so this is where you make your paid offer to people. In a free training like this, depending on your niche, or a $7 training, you're gonna want to charge 1000 to $2,000 for your offer. Okay? When you do a paid training, that's 47. To $97, you can still sell people on this, but your profit margins are actually going to be a lot lower, you want to sell people on something that's between five to 25,000. And you'll find your sweet spot for your market. Initially, Rick did 5000. And then he did 10,000. And he realized the same amount of people paid 10,000 that paid 5000. So he was literally cutting his profit margins down by charging less when he was able to impact the same amount of people and make twice as much money. And so it was a no brainer. Like you're not helping people by being cheap with your stuff, you're just really not. And this pricing is economically designed for 2022 For what people expect in the market, for what's charged in the coaching business, and what people expect you to charge or they won't take you seriously. Okay. So you want to if you have low cost offers, you do a free offer, you sell them on $1,000 or $2,000 program. If at $7, sell them on 1000, or $2,000 program, or even 2500. If you're charging more though, you want to send people to a higher level offer, because they're more qualified. And now here's what's cool, is when people sign up with you for for free. And then once a quarter, maybe or once a month, once you get it dialed in, you'll do it once a month. But once a quarter, you start running a 47 or $97 offer, a whole ton of these free people will end up jumping into your $47 offer because they're already on your email list. And then they will upgrade to the higher level with you. Because you're nurturing that relationship with them. They've spent time with you. They've been in the trenches with you. They've been through a few events, they've been through a few webinars, they've taken a few mini classes that you have, they've taken a few of those. And so what you want to do as you put together your your your offer, that baits the hook for people, that is either low cost, or free, by the way, low cost and free are essentially going to be the same copy, the same positioning the same messaging. Okay. I have tried this where we tried to go back further in the funnel that where people were before a certain level of achievement, and they weren't buyers. So you want to find your sweet spot of buyers. Again, I'm going to teach that over these next three days. We're only 3030 minutes into this right now. How to you know how to position it to get somebody to actually sign up for an offer. That has to do with the words that you say that has to do with understanding who your target customer is who you're making an offer for. And you can do so by answering these questions, some very simple questions. You're ready for who is your car? Customer, actually, let me share my screen here, I'm gonna show you this

[483:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: who is your customer? Museum? Listen? Who is your customer? Like? Who are they? Who is going to buy the paid thing that you put out there? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? And what does your methodology include? And what is the optimal best case end result scenario that somebody will get when they work with you? Okay? So you want to be able to answer these questions. And these questions specifically, are what tells you what to make for your paid offer? Your 1000 to $2,000 offer? So once you identify your niche now you got to answer these questions to actually develop your offer, and how you actually put it together and what you give people and how you build the value stack of it. Okay? Are you guys getting what I'm throwing down? You guys understanding that? In the comments.

[502:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Okay. Who is the customer? What problem do they have? What solution you offer? What is your methodology include? What is the best case scenario somebody working with you? And then there's some more questions that you can answer. What keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? You can even look at what is their trauma that they've experienced? What are their top three daily frustrations when it involves your offer? What is their built in bias to their decision making process culturally, and the way they think? And what do they secretly desire in terms of success and ultimate goals, things that they would never tell anybody. So this is borrowed from this book by Dan S. Kennedy, the ultimate sales letter. And this breaks down this is essentially the Bible on how to write perfect offers and sales letters. And so I've developed a process for doing this much faster, using Jasper AI. And so we're able to use Jasper AI. Tell the artificial intelligence these questions. This is a jasper AI template that I developed. It's been downloaded 382 times. called perfect offer copy for course creators, coaches, authors and trainers. And I have a little training video here on how to use it. And by answering these questions, the AI will actually write your offer and get it 80% to where it needs to be. And we're gonna go over that more a little bit later. And a little bit and more tomorrow. Okay, how that works. In the book with Dan Kennedy. He says to answer these questions before you write a word literally, before you write a word before you make your offer, before you put it together

[537:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: says Page Three or four? Little further than that? The 10 SmartMarket diagnosis and profiling questions. So I have all my coaching clients go through this you can see them right here on the screen. What keeps them awake at night? If you have the VIP you're going to be able to get the transcript of this where I'm reading it. What keeps them awake at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? This is about your target customer. This is about the people that you're building an offer for? What are their top frustrations? What trends are occurring in their life? What do they secretly desire the most built in bias so they have their own special language of how they talk? Or their specific words that they use that you don't personally use? This? That one's extremely important? Who else is selling a similar product to them? And how else has other people who are selling to them failed? Where you can solve a problem where others have failed. Now the one about language is important. When I ran this event, I had everybody fill out what are your top frustrations and what do you want to learn from me? So I gathered data on everybody in the Facebook group that I haven't a document now that tells me the exact words and how you guys talk and communicate and talk about your problems. And so when I I'm putting my offer together, I need to use the exact words, word for word how you guys use it, not how I would say it, and actually end up changing your vocabulary to match your target customer. Again, your goal is not to look smart to people. Your goal is not to appear like an accomplished writer, or an accomplished smarty pants. You want people to feel like they're the smartest person in the world when they meet you. Here's the difference. Have you ever met somebody that you're like, oh, wow, that person is like, way smarter than me. And I feel intimidated by them. And, and they make you feel dumb. You don't want to be around that person. And when you act that way, trying to prove and validate how smart we are in our offers. And our copy ends up pushing away everybody. But when you help your clients feel like they're the smartest person in the room. And that you're just there to help them with this one issue that you solve. And you're not trying to prove to people that you know everything. And let me say something some of you guys grew up like I did, where you were praised for how smart you are. Or you were told you were really dumb, growing up. Or you were told both. When you were a good boy or girl, you were told you were stupid. When you were a bad you are when you were bad. You were told you were stupid. When you were good, you were told you were smart. And so smart equals good. Dumb equals bad. who experienced this? I know I did. And it messed me up. And I had to go through some therapy for it. I had to relearn the fact that smarts doesn't matter in the world, it really doesn't. And nobody cares how smart you are. They care how you make them feel. They care about you caring about them, that you understand their problems, that you feel their pain. I want to show you something on my website with this exact offer. I actually borrowed it from the late President Bill Clinton, on my landing page. I get it, I was there too. I feel your pain. Remember Bill Clinton saying that I feel your pain. That was his like thing that he would say. And when you make your offers, you want people to know that you feel their pain that you've been there and you don't want to be lying about it. And so I'm sharing like, I've been overwhelmed, stressed out taking courses, following blogs, all that you you're the number one thing that you want to do with your target customer is demonstrate to them that you understand how hard it's been for them up to this point in time. And that there's a better way and that you've discovered something and that you can help them and that you're going to do so in the fastest possible way, you're not going to waste their time, and you're going to show them the ultimate solution that they've been praying for. And that's what you want in the mind of your customer when you're making an offer. So this, for example, is my free offer that I put together for my target customer. For this event right here. Okay, so this is what we call a free offer event. You could also do it, not five days in a row, you could do it a one day event, Mike, Rick is doing a one day event here in a couple of weeks, Joshua is gonna be doing one, I'm doing a one day event in the beginning of September,

[617:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: similar to the five day event, but I'm gonna condense it down for people in one day. We call it a web class. For people, it's going to be at 9am on a Saturday morning, because they they couldn't make it at 7pm, Monday through Friday. And they didn't have the attention span to sit through a whole thing. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to basically condense these five days together for them into a two hour training. And they're going to essentially get everything that I've talked about in these five days, down to two hours to then nurture them, because then the next time they see me do another five day like this, or a paid $47 thing like this, they're going to be excited about that. Now, here's what we have found in our testing. After COVID-19 COVID shook the world and COVID changed everything and COVID-19 changed how we interact with human beings on the internet. Everybody started using Zoom, and a whole bunch of people started making offers on the internet. And so people's BS meter about what was legit and what wasn't when up. You used to be able to sell to people just by sending them a paid offer before COVID. Now it's nearly impossible to you have to at least somehow send people to a page. It could have a VSL and have a sales call. That's about the shortest method didn't do that. But you got to be a really good salesperson or you send them to a page like I have here to a webinar and you sell them on a webinar. The easiest way that I know Oh, is with virtual events by doing a virtual event like this, and we've done three day events, we've done five day events, you don't actually have to be very good at sales. And that's the really cool part. Have I been selling you guys anything while you've been here? No. But I would bet a good number of you will be interested in working with me in the future. Because I've created the atmosphere to demonstrate value, to show you what it's like, if you work with me, and to show you that I'm not wasting your time. And then I can help bring results for you. And then the VIP does exactly that. And so doing events, virtual events, is an exercise in building and nurturing trust with complete strangers. And it's the fastest way to do so it's the fastest way that we have done with our clients, with my mom with Rick, with Joshua with Don with every client that I've worked with, with Georgia, and all the clients we've been working with have their their customers, and the people that pay them money come through virtual events. And a virtual event could look in a number of different ways. It could be a six week masterclass that you do for 97 bucks. We tested that out with Rick, the problem with the six week classes is that you have to wait six weeks to get the data and to see how many people sign up. So that takes a lot of time. So we decided, okay, instead of six weeks, let's just do it in five days. And we do it in one week. And you could do it once a month or twice a month for five days, you set aside an hour to do that. By the way, once you get really good at it, you can pre record it, I plan on actually taking the recordings of this and running them at some point in the future, not this exact training. But I'm going to once I develop and really feel like okay, I've dialed in how I'm going to do this, then I ended up just taking the recordings and offering that to people for 47 bucks. And they get to go through a five module masterclass with me, where I'm gonna teach them how to build their own six figure coaching business, how to create their offer, how to write their copy, and we're gonna go really deep into offer copy tomorrow, and getting customers and attracting customers. And that's one of the biggest parts, that's one of the most important parts when you make offers that people want. That they can't say no to. That's only part of the equation. Now you got to actually find the people that are out there that want those offers. There are people on the internet right now that exist right now today that are looking for and searching for exactly what you offer. Exactly what you offer. They're looking for the exact stuff that you're offering to people. And so by you, not making offers to people and not promoting offers, you're doing them a disservice.

[691:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they're gonna go take somebody else's offer, they're gonna go take somebody else who's going to help them with the same exact thing. And that's great, they're gonna find the solution to it. Because we end up talking ourselves out of launching, because we're not sure if our niche is right. We're not sure if we're qualified enough. We're not sure if we have it figured out. When the truth is you got to test things out. You got to be willing to make mistakes, you got to be willing to put your offer out there without any guarantee of it producing a result without any guarantee of it actually converting. We actually launched a campaign with Rick that ended up losing $60,000 Because we had the offer misaligned that was the one where we use the word Christian song writer instead of worship song writer Oopsie. We weren't we wanted to test it out and see if we could go to a wider market and the wider market said no. And so we went back down into the niche and said, You know what, this niche is the most profitable niche, the worship songwriter niche. We tested out with Joshua he did finding your assignment your purpose did okay. Learning how to hear from God better did did better. Walking in your authority did even better. But then he did how to build a kingdom business. And he made $80,000 in seven days, because that was his profitable niche. And now he's running the same one again. But with a bigger ad spend. He's taking 10% of that budget, that 80 grand, he's taken eight grand of it, putting it back into ads, and that should produce 160,000 Then he's gonna take 10% of that and do it again. Next three Once he might generate a half a million dollars, before he even launches a $10,000 program, you see how easy it is to build a six figure coaching business, without even needing to launch a 10k or 20k program, just by offering people your entry level $1,000 product, or your entry level $2,000 product, you could build a seven figure business, even on your 1000 a $2,000 product. The higher level stuff is where you want to do to go to eight figures, million dollar months, but we got to get you to where you're at least making six figures now. And so start with the basics. Start with understanding those basics. Start with who is the customer answering those questions. Who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? What methodology does it include? Which means like, are you doing a class? Are you doing a course? Is it a coaching program? How do you help people and you really want to unpack this? Here's why. Because it's going to train the AI of Jasper to write your copy better. Describe the best case scenario so like for me they become a multi millionaire eight figure earner. What keeps them up at night. And by the way, Jasper is actually going to tell you this information. I'm going to show you live how this works. In the chat. I posted the link to this recipe. And I need to I need to go grab my link here real quick. For a free trial of Jasper as well. Everybody in here can actually get a free trial of Jasper and get up to 10,000 words to use. And I'll send you a link to this in the recap email as well to get the free trial of Jasper. So the free trial of Jasper gives you 10,000 words to use. Most of you most of my clients most people who work with me only need about 2000 to 3000 words to come up with their offer copy. That's why I'm saying this training alone is worth 1000 to $2,000. The questions will work with a different AI writer but Jasper is honestly the best that I've seen. And I'd highly recommend you use it. So here's how this works. Somebody gives me their niche. I'm going to literally write their offer copy live. On camera hear someone write your niche in the comments. Who is your customer? What problem do they have? what solution do they offer? What is your methodology include? What's the best case scenario typing in the comments? I'm going to pick somebody and we're going to write their copy live Oh, we got self defense music production widows. How to turn a sewing hobby into a money making business.

[770:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like that one. How to turn a sewing sewing hobby into a money making business. So I need you to describe to me who is the customer? Someone who wants to know how to make a money making business out of sewing. What problem do they have? What what is their problem that they have? We can ask Jasper what their problem is. Sewing is fun and rewarding. It can be hard to know what to do or where to start and how to turn it into a business. Why is it hard for them? what solution do you offer them? A training program that shows them the easiest and fastest ways to sow and make money from it. Okay, what is your methodology include? Six weeks of live coaching, q&a and training. Okay, top scenario, they are making six figures, sewing selling products on Etsy. Okay, so now you can run these commands. So these are what's called boss mode in Jasper. Again, that free trial of Jasper, you can use this. Here's the pricing of Jasper, I use what's called boss mode, or let's see where it lets you hack the API and actually talk to it. And so it starts at $59 a month. I usually is about 100,000 words I use the $100 month because I've been doing a lot of these lives here. Starter version gives you templates that you can use. So there's templates inside of Jasper that you can use

[797:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the templates are really valuable you can do like paragraphs content problem agitate solution ADA framework, creative storyline. Those are great But boss mode is where you get to actually load up that document that I sent you the community document, the perfect offer copy right here, and load this document up and it will actually generate your copy for your offer. So you see, you ask it to generate, okay, what keeps them up at night? The thing that keeps people up at night is they're trying to turn it into a hobby and they're not succeeding, they don't want to invest their time into money, something that doesn't work. What are they afraid of, they're afraid of not succeeding their top three frustrations, not knowing where to start fear of not succeeding, wasting time money, not knowing what works. Okay, so here's the thing. I'm going based off of very little information that somebody just gave me in the comments here. If you get really detailed about these answers, the better the copy gets, because you're diving really deep into the psychology of the customer. And so when you can really sit and think about these answers, it gets a whole lot better. So this is the AI what I'm pressing as on my on my keyboard here on my keyboard, I'm pressing Ctrl Enter on my keyboard, and it's generating this copy with their frustrations with their issues. What are the pain points of the person above? They may not know where to start, they may fear succeeding and maybe a waste of time. Okay, perfect. So now we're gonna actually write some offer headlines how to turn your selling hobby into a money making business, the fear of not succeeding why people are afraid to turn their hobbies into businesses. This actually is pretty cool. And so is this one and so then I delete those other two we go create more headlines. Okay, that generated the same thing. seven tips return your Son or Son Happy new money making business why now is the perfect time. Okay, perfect. When I created this offer for this landing page, I took some of my favorite headlines from some of the best offers that were out there by clicking on ads, and I let it I fed those headlines into jasper and a generated the copy for this page. Okay, right, some short skeptical questions. Why? How do we know this training program will work? What is the purpose so you want it to be skeptical because people are skeptical? What's the value proposition that can be rewarding, but with our training program, we can turn it into a business. Turn your passion for selling into a profitable business. See, it's already giving you better words of how to say it. And this is where the copy gets really good. Once it gets to problem agitate solution. It can be hard to know where to start. When you're looking to turn your selling hobby into a business. You don't want to spend all your time and money on something that might not work, you might be afraid of investing. What if you don't have the skills or knowledge to do so with our and you could put you can change the world with our free training program. We can help. We'll show you the easiest and fastest ways to sew and make money doing so. So you could take any niche and do this to write your offer copy. And it'll go through Aido ways to make new money in our training program. And we'll write you a feature to benefit it will describe the emotions that a customer is feeling. They're feeling hopeful and excited when they see the advertisement. They're motivated to turn it into a business and eager to start right a fictional story. In the middle of the summer, the sun was merciless, loosely beating down in the heat was oppressive. She loved to sell and turn it into a hobby she was wandering through the mall but nothing interests her that then she saw a training program program was intense. But she learned in six weeks how to do it, she quit her job and focus. So this is basically telling a foe story, a fake story about somebody. And then you can go deeper with this recipe where it's like it writes a backstory for the person about a potential client. And then you end up reframing the copy even more by doing this. And it ends up giving you the best results the best results in copy possible. So I'll just skip ahead here to this one. People fear not being able to make a living with it. And there's competition in the sewing industry. So that dives deep into the into the psyche of why they're doing so. And now we're gonna go right back and we're going to generate some headlines and this becomes your offer, how to turn your passion into a money making business. Why sewing is the perfect career for you.

[873:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you just go back through this and helps you write the copy for what your offer is using artificial intelligence. And so that's how we write most of our offer copy for a lot of you that are like I don't know what words to say I don't know what to do. You can do this by the way. You can also do this generate some YouTube video topics based on the above. turning yourself in your passion why it's the perfect career the Best way to promote a sewing business. This could be your social media content or free offers that you put out there. So you could actually put a free offer out there how to stand out. There you go, how to start and stand out in the sewing business on a shoestring budget, ding, ding, ding, that is a great headline for a free offer for that industry. Just by going through this copyright here

[889:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's the data on length of sales copy, the longer it is, the better you will sell. And the shorter it is, the less you will sell. And that is across the board. If you're the one that says Get to the point, you're the wrong customer for what the copy is actually for. So a lot of people think that oh, shorter is better, no longer is almost always better. But don't make the fact that you can't come up with long copy not put your offer out there. So you can help it generate YouTube video titles, you can have it write introductory script. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say something here too. Whatever you judge other marketers for, oh, they send out too many emails, they promote their business too much on social media, their copy is too long. And they need to just get to the point that judgment and criticism is going to come right back at you and slap you in the face and stop you from succeeding. Because it did the same thing to me. It stopped me from succeeding, because I was judging everybody else as being not good enough. And I had just as much criticism on myself and said, I'm just doing what actually works. And I had to start doing some of the stuff that I saw other marketers doing that I wrote off as silly and stupid. And it ended up making me money. And so you might have to do stuff that you've judged as bad, quote, unquote, to get results. I'm not talking about sacrificing your convictions. For instance, I'm not going to be dancing around naked on Tiktok. I wouldn't recommend you do that either. If you want to you can. I have certain convictions on stuff. But when it comes to this stuff, oftentimes when we're saying, Oh, somebody's sending too many emails out there copies too long, they need to get the point that's based off of how other people have judged us for how we live our lives. And we're an impatient person, that that that tries to control other people because other people have tried to control us. And when you operate that way, in business with your copy and your offers, you're going to have a bad time. You really are. And so learn to observe what works, what gets results, and that's going to help you build a business. So look at this, we generated headlines we wrote an email based on this offer niche. Convert the above to a Facebook ad, literally. With our training, you'll learn everything you need to know to get started with your own successful selling business you also get confident. may see? Right pa s copy based on the above, this is how I like to do Facebook ads. You love selling but you don't want to turn it into a profitable business. Okay, then we're gonna go like this. Convert the above to a Facebook ad. Looking to turn your passion for selling to a profitable business. Our training program can help learn everything you need to know to get started with a sewing business. You can literally run a Facebook ad with that, and a video script like this write a YouTube video introduction script that identifies the problem Someone has and the solution you offer. You record a video ad that says this. Are you struggling to find jobs that pay enough or feel like you're in a dead end? That's not very good. That has nothing to do with this. Do you love sewing but you want to know how to make it a profitable business? Don't worry, I want to help you. I've been helping people for 10 years, create businesses with sewing and I put together a free training program to walk you through everything that you need to know start to finish to start your own successful sewing business. So don't hesitate. I can't wait to work with you for these three days. I'll see you there. By the way that sounds exactly like the video ads to all of our clients record that produces results. That's literally the script that we use. It's a four part script. I'm actually gonna give you the four part script here from my tic tock ads course that's producing massive amounts of results when making video ads. The science of Let me see where did I write it? Setting up Tiktok. How to create it effectively, I created this script that I gave people. Here is the four step script. And you can use Jasper to do this. You want to ask an attention grabbing question

[968:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that frames both the solution and the problem in one sentence. Okay, so we go back to this script. Do you love sewing but want to turn it into a profitable business, don't worry, I can help who you are your qualifications and how you can help them one big result that validates your track record, how long you've been doing it, and then a sentence that tells them what you offer and what they can expect to get from the free or low cost offer. And then a simple call to action that calls them to click and register on the next page. And this script is working for Facebook ads, Instagram ads, and Tiktok ads across the board with every niche with every client that we've used. Another way to frame it is is is who, what, why? And where? Who are you? What do you offer, why they need it, where they can find it. And I've usually moved the why they need it to the beginning, when you're making a Facebook ad. And that works really well. It's literally a scripted process that you can use to do that I have pasted it into the comments. Okay. And so that's how you're able to use Jasper to take what your niches and to get started creating your copy. Now tomorrow, we're going to talk about how do you find the people that want your offer, because that's one of the most important parts, you can create your offer, you can create your copy, you can play with Jasper, you can create a landing page. This is where most of the people that work with me are in their business is that they have their offer created. They have their copy created, but they've never launched it. And they've struggled to get clients and they've struggled to get people to actually sign up for what they're going to offer. They've struggled to attract the people to get them to actually register and purchase. And so that's what the topic of the next two days is, is we're going to break down even more how you can use Jasper to create the sales messaging, the copy how to attract clients, how to get a ton of people that are looking for exactly what you offer, where to find them and how to do so without it costing you money. Who wants that, that's what we're gonna we're gonna do in the next two days. Okay, so I do want to hop over to the VIP here in a second. I do want to tell you real quick, just briefly, that I'm putting together a crazy crazy deal. A crazy deal. For those to coach with me again, you can find it on my website, I'm not gonna talk about it a whole lot right now. I'm actually closing the doors to my group coaching program on Tuesday, August 23. And I'm giving you fast start bonuses and a discount to save 80% off plus a 30 day risk free trial to try my group coaching program to where I'm actually going to work with you in a setting like this every single week, to build your business to build your offers and to get clients. And so again, you can check that out over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator right here, and I think some of you are you going to be ready for this level after these five days together. And so here's what you get, you get all of my courses every course on my website, which by the way, I need to change this I'm no longer going to be selling my courses anymore. So my courses individually sell for $1,000 each. If you go to them, I'm no longer going to be selling my courses you will have to sign up for the client growth accelerator to actually get my courses okay. So you get access to them in the client growth accelerator. All the courses on creating offers virtual event playbook how to run virtual events what to say how to close sales Tiktok ads Made Easy social media ads that work Facebook and Instagram ads easy course Creation Blueprint where I walk you through how to create your own course transformational coaching made simple how to create a coaching program and how to become a world class coach. Social media content creation made easy what to say on social media website building all of that plus I have an upcoming copywriting master free course brand new Facebook ads course and email marketing course. You get live weekly coaching calls with me and accountability, easy to follow trainings. I do daily interaction in a group and a private group. I do pop up trainings with me every single month,

[1045:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: multiple times a month I've done pop up trainings almost every week, hotseat copywriting and rewrites, where I can actually rewrite your copy and your offers if you're part of the group, access to all my current courses access to all my future courses, access to the private content vault what's in the private content vault. Remember, I said you guys don't get the recordings to these five days. If you join the clan growth accelerator, you actually do get the recordings in the private content vault and all the past intensives and blooped. And boot camps and webinars that I've done. Hands on lessons. We got a number of members that are in here that are saying it's amazing right here in the comments, even hundreds of pages, of course notes strategies for your business weekly sessions. And I'm throwing in these Fast Start bonuses for those that are not in the program right now. Those that are not in the program right now. When you register before midnight on Tuesday, August 23. I'm giving you the HOV fast lane. The fast track to profits a quick start training zoom call on Wednesday, August 24. from seven to 9pm to help you get up to speed quickly to help you know how to use the program. I'm also throwing in there, this is not anywhere else the million dollar offer creation mastery web training with Jeremiah Krakowski and Rick Pino. It's an exclusive training that's not found anywhere else we're going to we're going to actually walk you through creating your perfect offer for your coaching program from his eight figure system that he's been using. as well. I'm giving you two free tickets for you and one other person. I'm doing an all day live event on Saturday, August 27 called funnels and offer copy live, I haven't even announced this anybody yet. But I'm gonna announce it to my email list, I'm going to be selling tickets to it funnels and offer copy live. It's an exclusive live event from 11am to 5pm. And you get the recordings to it. I didn't even say that on here, but you get the recordings to this and you're gonna get the recordings to all of these. To help you write your copy the immersion and the repetition that you need, the teaching and the coaching you through creating your perfect funnel, offer copies that you can finally get the sales that you need. So you get all of that as Fast Start bonuses when you register before midnight, Tuesday, August 23. And then the doors are actually closing. So you're not going to be able to register and join my client growth accelerator after that. Okay. If you want to work with me, if you want to jump in this if you want me to work with you. This is for anybody who signs up at the at the price of $166 a month, or $2,000 for the year. The program is a year long commitment. Normally it's $10,500. And the price, if I open this again, I will I will open enrollment again. But it's not going to be this price, the price that it is right now is not going to be the price that it is tomorrow. And so if you want to get this price, if you want to get grandfathered in at this discounted rate forever, as long as you're in the coaching program, this is an early founders pricing for a limited time to take 80% off my normal coaching rate

[1099:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: for 2000 a year, or instead of 875 Month 0% interest, you just pay 166 42 a month. Plus it's risk free with a 30 day money back guarantee. Okay, my absolutely insane, incredible 30 day 100% Satisfaction Guarantee, you can go through the whole program, jump in, okay, so some of you are going to be ready for that. If you're on these trainings, if you've been on these trainings with me, and you say okay, I need more help to build my business, I need more help than the VIP, I need more help than this. Jump into this with me. You have until next Tuesday. To get this, the doors will close, you'll have to jump on a waiting list and I'm not sure when I'm going to open it again. Honestly, from some of you, you need to take action now. Because you've been waiting too long to take action and you need a little bit of fire under your butt to actually do something. You need to actually make an investment into yourself to start to see results. Okay. And so like I said, I'm doing this program right here. I'm doing these five days. I'm giving you complete value in these five days that you can use. If you want to take this further with me if you want to take this to the next level and you want to worked with me, you can go through my courses. By the way, these I promise you, these are the best courses that are out there on these topics. They are extensive, they I go slow enough through them to walk you through every single nuance that you need to learn how to successfully build a coaching and course business. If you're a mentor, if you're an author, if you're a trainer, if you're a speaker, okay? This is the path that's going to take you to six and seven figures as a course creator. And as a coach, even if you're not techie, don't have a social media following yet, and don't have your offer figured out. And you remember I said when you do a free event, you want to do 1000 to $2,000 offer, right? This is my $2,000 offer. So I'm actually practicing what I'm preaching with you, which is awesome. Somebody just said just signed up, baby. Let's do that. That's awesome. Andrew Mitchell just signed up. This is awesome. I'm so excited, man. Honestly, and here's my commitment to you, if you're in this program, I'm going to help you succeed, I'm going to commit to you to be there with you, we're going to work together, we're going to get you results. I don't succeed unless I generate more case studies. And I want you to be one of my next success stories. I want you to be one of the next coaches and trainers that's making eight figures, I want to be able to to have you on this wall, I want to be able to talk with you and talk about you to people and say look at what they did. They started right where you were. And they made six figures, they made seven figures in their business. And that's what you're gonna get with the client growth accelerator. Alright, so you can be able to find that over at my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Again, we still got two more days left y'all. I'm gonna say y'all because I'm here in Texas, we still got two more days left, we still got the VIP to jump into, I gotta go go to the restroom. And we'll extend the VIP just a little bit longer. So you get the full length of time. How many you know I over deliver, right, I over deliver if I've over delivered these days, and you're going to trust me, you don't want to miss tomorrow, you don't want to miss the last day, we're going to talk about it. Even if you don't jump into the program,

[1155:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're going to show you how to attract the right clients, how to make it very simple how to do it easily, it's not going to take a bunch of time, how you can do it working five to 10 hours a week, without stressing yourself out without burnout and start to finally get the results that you've always wanted with your coaching business to build a six and seven figure coaching business. And that's what we're gonna break down tomorrow, and the next day. So thank you everybody, again, check out the client growth accelerator. For those of you that are ready to jump into that, for everybody else, that's over at the VIP, I will see y'all in about five minutes. If you haven't upgraded to the VIP, you can also still upgraded the VIP, you will get the transcripts to this and the VIP recordings as well. By the way, I actually gave my VIP to all of my existing client growth accelerator clients, which is cool for this, okay, which is awesome. And so you'll be able to get via future VIPs I'm not sure how long I'm gonna do that. But you'll be able to get future VIPs for free, which is super cool. All right. This is the lowest rate that it's going to be working with me if you want to work with me one on one. And some of you are ready for that level. This is for those that want to go to seven figures, okay, the secret weapon that you need to achieve seven figure success, where you actually get to work with me side by side for 90 days, one on one in a setting together to grow your business to write your copy to create your offers to work on your messaging, and your ads, you get six sessions for $10,500. There are no discounts on this, it's $3,500, you can make three payments of it. And for three months, you get two sessions a month, by the way, you can keep the sessions if you want to pay for him and we do one session a month and you do it for six months, that's fine too. But you got to pay, it's $10,500 for the one on one coaching, okay, if you want that you can schedule a free 45 minute discovery call with me. And you actually lock in those prices until March 1 2025 won't cost you any more than that to get one on one coaching. And I know that there's there might be one to two people there always are on trainings like this, that they're they need more than the client growth accelerator. By the way, if you're a one on one coaching client with me, you get a free membership to the client growth accelerator. So you're actually put in there and it'll supplement our time together. I have a number of clients that are in the cloud growth accelerator, and they have a one on one package with me. And so they work with me through four weeks in the accelerator, they schedule one call with me a one on one and they're getting so much value their acceleration, they're finally launching their offers. They're finally getting stuff out there. They're finally making money. Okay. And so this might be the level for some of you as well. If you want to fast track yourself to seven figures is the one on one coaching level. Again. You can find all of that over at my web sight. Jeremiah krakowski.com. Now here's the thing. Some of y'all might be saying, well, Jeremiah, you said you weren't selling now you're selling. Yep, I am. When you sell, you might as well sell boldly. And you might as well be straight up about it and not pattycake around it. And so when I am selling, I'm openly selling to you, I want you to buy and that's how you got to be as well. If you judge salespeople, you'll have a hard time selling period. So I'm excited. I can't wait to see more of you in the client growth accelerator. I can't wait to work with more of you and help you grow your business. I'm about to hop over on the VIP alright everybody

