Mastering Individual Sales - Lesson 3
Date: 2023-11-09T06:50:57.000Z
Duration: 29 min
Otter ID: ooxzUvPIDGKC-xmr2mNcxM_Mt9w
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so now comes the moment of truth when it comes to you doing one on one sales with people. And this is the part where, once you're at this stage, you can't look back, because you're going to have to show up at this point, okay? Your goal is to make that connection with another person. And by making that connection, you're going to persuade them to become your client. Again, I highly, highly recommend, I actually just read the book, again, recently, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort and he just he talks about in this book about how you only got four seconds to really set that positive first impression with somebody, you only got four seconds, and that's in the tonality of your voice. It's in the tonality of how you show up the confidence the belief that you have in what it is that you're in what it is that you're talking about. Once you get the dialogue going. You got that split second to build that trust. And that comes from your own state, that comes from your own belief system. Okay, so understand that we talked about that in the previous lesson now, as where you have to be very strong in your opening. And we talked about how we do the opening of the sales process. You build rapport, you make that connection with them. And this is where you start to understand the prospect. This is where you ask certain probing questions, you start actually asking strategic questions about what they want, what they're experiencing. And I think that this is the part that people miss when it comes to doing one on one sales. And this is the part that I enjoy is, is that your goal in your mission is to get to know the person better, and to ask strategic questions, you know, what are their needs? What are their desires? What are their pain points, really start to understand what drives them? What motivated them to book that call with you? What is the motivating factor for why you are even talking to them? Today, there needs to be some kind of a motivating factor as to why the conversation exists. And this is where you discover the pain point you uncover what those pain points are, even if they filled out a questionnaire and told you you want to hear in their own words you want them to unpack for you, what it is that they're going through, what they're experiencing what they don't want to experience. And by doing this, effectively, we're able to really deepen that connection that we're able to, to make with people, you're not going to make a connection with somebody until you start asking them questions about themselves, and about what they're struggling with and where they're coming from and things like that. And you use this to tie this into the offer that you're going to make. Okay, so let's think about this. When we talk about doing your webinar, making an offer, presenting that offer to people on a group setting, which is a monologue that's different than the one on one setting, because the one on one setting, they can come back and say something to you right away. And so when you present your offer, it's not about you getting across what you want to say to the prospect, it's not about you being heard, it's 100% about them feeling like they're the most important person in the room. Okay. It's about them understanding that you know, their pain, you know, their struggle, and you know what their dreams are overall, this is where effective listening is so important and asking those questions. Even if you assume that you already know what those goals are, you still want to ask, you still want to discover what drives them? What motivates them, what

[66:04] Speaker 0: excites them? What goals do they have in their own words? And then you start to promise what those goals are to people. And I think that this is one of the biggest mistakes that people make when it comes to one on one sales and, and really any kind of sales is that you want to mirror back to the person exactly the words that they used themselves. You want to mirror their own words back to them in promising what it is that what you're selling can accomplish. Okay. And so this is a this is a an area of the sales process that I think is often neglected, especially when I hear people say yeah, well, but like when you're way too focused on your own coaching and how you Coach people, and what's your methodology is instead, you want to take and discover exactly what they are going through and promise to deliver that in what you're selling, even if you're not sure, necessarily right now that you know that you can even deliver it. And I think that this is what sets apart successful salespeople from those who struggle is that a successful salesperson is willing to even promise something that they may be slightly unsure that they can deliver, but they're gonna go to work and make sure that they do deliver it afterwards, after they bring in the sale after they close the sale. And I think that that's a place for you to get to as well, is to where you're not operating out of this worry and fear of what are they going to think about me, is what I'm saying, quote unquote, again, I'm not telling you to lie, defraud people, anything like that. But when your preoccupation, mentally, is all about, I got to make sure that everything that I say is right, I got to make sure that everything that comes across is said perfectly, tiptoeing, being self conscious on exactly how you say things that is not going to come across as competent is going to come across as somebody who just simply does not believe in themselves at all. And so you have to show up and come across as confident throughout this whole process. There's no exception to this rule. As soon as you at any point in the one on one conversation, appear, or sound, or believe that you're not good enough, or you don't feel confident in yourself, that energy is going to come across and how you're communicating. And the prospect is going to immediately disqualify you in their mind for at all ever doing business with you. Okay? So understand that except that realize that's how people are, that might be why you might be struggling to make sales, even in your webinars, that might be why you're struggling to close sales, even in a one on one setting, is because

[115:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you may be so focused on what the other person's needs are fulfilling their needs, and then validating that you can actually deliver it, rather than simply just being willing to promise what that person is asking for. And then figuring it out as you go.

[120:01] Speaker 0: I think that this is a technique that that effective salespeople will do, you have to understand that you need to come across as an expert, as somebody who fully believes in what it is that you are selling what you're offering. At no point in time is there this moment where you can finally say, I'm an expert, and you've arrived at that point, you need to start doing that right away, and carrying yourself with the air and authority of an expert even before you have a track record, even before you have accomplished what you want to accomplish. And this is what sets apart those who wish they could succeed financially when doing sales, and those who don't. Okay. And so what you're looking for is when you're presenting the offer to them, you want to understand, where are they coming from? What are they struggling with? What are they experienced before? You You may not touch on the limiting beliefs they have in the sales call. And I think that that would actually be a difference between a webinar and a one on one call is we don't go into criticizing the person on a one on one call. As to Well, that's not a good idea, or this isn't gonna work or things like that. Instead, you want to be super excited, enthusiastic. You don't say? No, we don't do that. No, we can't do that. Instead, you actually say yes to what they asked for, and then figure it out as you go. And this is a technique that I think would help so many people is instead of turning down business opportunities, is saying yes to more opportunities, saying yes, of course I can accomplish this. Yes, of course, we can make that happen. And it's going to be incredible for you, even if you've never done it before, and then challenging yourself to fulfill that to the best of your ability, challenging yourself to actually output what it is that you promised to the best of your ability. Okay? But it takes you actually understanding what the person wants what they desire, and no two people are the same. And so this is why learning to question people properly is the best way to do this. One of the ways that you can do this as you do that initial introduction, like we talked about in the previous lesson, and then you can actually break down with the prospect. Ask them about their family. Ask them about what they do for a living. Ask them about what they do for fun. All before you go into telling them what what it is that you have for sale. And I think that this is an area that people make mistake when it comes to any form of sales, when it comes to one on one sales, when it comes to group sales, is they're so focused in on what my message is that I want to get across, I want to make sure that people know that I'm legit, that I'm not wasting their time, that they're going to accomplish good things with me when they work with me. And that is a defensive position that is a protective position, trying to protect yourself from people being upset with you, because maybe you don't fulfill or measure up to a certain standards that you can't allow, again, trying to validate yourself, be at the forefront of your mind when you're doing a sales pitch. At that point, you've got to let go of being concerned as to how you look how you sound, or what people think about you, because this is where you let go of that. And this is why I like doing group sales. This is why I like doing webinars because I'll pre record the webinar. And then I gotta let it go once it's out there. But in the beginning, when I did sales calls, I did them to get to know the person to get to know the prospect. And so I always always ask questions about themselves about what their offer was, about what they're dealing with, as it related to what type of coaching and training and mentoring that I helped offer people. And so getting people to actually tell you about themselves. And actually getting them to talk about this stuff themselves is incredible. What are some ways to get people to talk about themselves? You simply just ask them about themselves. So tell me a little bit about you know, your background and, and why do you want to get started as a coach? Great. Wow, that's incredible. And so you have a career of doing this? What got you into that career?

[192:24] Speaker 0: They share about their career. Wow, do you ever get time to go on vacation.

[195:06] Speaker 0: Now you're talking about their their recreation. You know, it's amazing people who join us for our program, they get to have more time for their family, they get to go on vacation more, they get to work way less hours, and they're not subject to a boss's opinion as to what they need to do. And so let's say that those were the pain points that the person actually said, I'm able to reiterate them at the end of it saying that totally makes sense. And by the way, we're going to solve that problem for you if you become a client, because that's what our clients experience. But you say that in a very conversational way. Okay, in a way, like I just said just then. And so then that's where you come in, and you and you start to present, what it is that you have for sale and what your offer is. And you say, you know, I have something, I think it's gonna be a really good fit for you, we put this together, we've made sure that it strategically works for people that want to design their own hours, that that don't want to work so hard to make the kind of money that they want to make, and can spend more time with their family. And then my life, I've been able to spend way more time with my family and only work, you know, 10 to 15 hours a week, by applying this type of a system. By the way, what I just shared with you is exactly then how you would present that offer on the phone to somebody. Okay? And so understand that you got to be confident in what you're offering. you frame your offer you frame whatever you're selling, based on what they just told you as answers to the previous question. And then this is where we segue into the clothes. Okay. And so closing the sale is kind of a different part of the of the process. Sales really follows a multi step process.

[224:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have the initial point of contact, this is the Facebook ad, like we haven't met them yet. Then we have a landing page where they can either book a call, or it's a webinar of some kind and then that webinar leads them to book a call right here, okay?

[230:14] Speaker 0: Now they're they've already gone through the sequence right here, once they're on the phone with you and booked a call. Now this is where you're leading them and and getting them in their own words to unpack what it is that they want to do. And this is this is the part of sales that comes right before closing you take the leads, you get to know them you frame the conversation in a way that is going to positively positively get them to trust what it is that you're doing. And by the way that has nothing to do with your track record. effective sales has nothing to do with your case studies. It has nothing to do with what you've learned published is everything to do with your ability to confidently communicate with your target prospect that what you offer is the answer to all of their hopes and dreams. And to get them to believe that by working with you, everything they've ever wanted to accomplish is going to become a reality for them in a very specific way that aligns with what your methodology is, okay. And so like, let's say that you teach real estate, as a form of wealth creation, but they really want to make sure that they're not working 100 hours a week, so target in on the fact that you don't have to work 100 hours a week, this is gonna help you accomplish that, because it's worked with a ton of our clients before, and you can accomplish it yourself. By applying these systems in your own business, the goal of this sales call is to get them to believe that you can deliver on their hopes and dreams. And at the end of the sales call, especially if you pre qualified it, they still don't buy from you. Maybe follow up again, or eliminate them completely from your list, unsubscribe them, like at that point, they've made the choice, that they're probably not going to go to the next level with you. And this is where you got to shake your shoes off. That's where you got to let go. Not everybody is going to resonate, even when you present them with an incredible irresistible offer. But the ones who do you want to get them to commit, okay, you want to get them to make a commitment that they are going to take action to change their life. And what you actually are selling and talking about, and I think this is one of the most neglected areas, because we're waiting for people basically, as adults to have this agency to go ahead and take action and build that when really they're waiting for you to tell them what to do. And at this point in time, getting them to make a commitment of that they're going to buy from you maybe putting a deposit down or filling out some kind of a form some kind of a commitment based mechanism is going to be really helpful for you. Okay, so then that would be after the sales call, basically another page right here, where I would say they can put like an application or an application fee in. And then from here, you can call them on the phone, give that final push over the edge, to really do the close, really get them to again, any area where they don't fully trust 100% These are what you want people to do you want people to trust in you, your program, your company, and the transformation that you're going to give. And at any given moment in time along this process, especially once they get here, where they don't think 100% That you are that you your company, your program are going to accomplish their dreams. You've lost them. And so this is where you want Jordan Belfort, in this book, cause looping as you loop back around to where is the disconnect? Where is the lack of buy in? Where are they, they went through this whole process. And for some reason, there's something that they're not telling you that you want to understand, and you want to discover, and you want to help solve that belief for them. And so when you can solve those beliefs, now, you're able to actually lead them to the close, okay, so you use the pain point, you sell the dream, and you asked for the money and you actually go out there, and legitimately give them a link for their credit card, or even type the credit card in yourself. I did this often as I would say, hey, let's get started. Let's do your application fee. I'm gonna type it in on the phone here, let's let's put this and enter this in on the website. And I would literally open up my website or my landing page or whatever. And I would type in their credit card info right off the phone, instead of waiting for them to go do it. Because I already have them in the audience. And I got them to commit to taking action. I'm gonna get their money right then in there. Okay. Now if they don't buy from you right, then that's what what our next lesson is going to be about is the follow up sequence and the follow up process with one on one sales. But at this moment in time, your goal is to make a deep connection with the prospect. If they still didn't buy from you, now there's a whole sequence that you can go into. But don't assume that they're not a buyer right away. If they're not buying immediately. It might take you pushing them just a little bit over the edge because they are struggling to make the decision themselves and realize that especially when it comes to coaching, a lot of people struggle to make decisions themselves. A lot of people struggle To decide what they're going to do, and they're waiting for you to tell them what they should do. Hey, so understand that that's actually what people want. Then when you understand that that's what they want, you can deliver that to them in a beautiful package. You put a pretty little bow on all their hopes and dreams and say, we can deliver this for you. Will that be cat? Will that be cash your credit card, or will that be Visa or MasterCard? Let's get it typed down, let's get you signed up. I'm going to open up the screen and let's let's actually, let's actually enter this in together. And then you open up a screen and you maybe have them type it in, or you type it in for them while they see you do it on a screen. And that's why, you know, you can start a sales call with a phone call. Once it comes to the close, you can say, Hey, let's go take this over to zoom, what's your email address, I'm gonna send you a zoom link. And we can jump into that in five minutes. And you move them from one place to another, I find that that can be really helpful that when you go from phone to actually moving them onto a zoom call, it triggers some kind of this excitement and people that were in a new location together. And they want to go through with the deal better at that point. Okay. So these are just a few techniques that I use anytime I get on the phone sales. Again, above all, have fun with it. Don't over analyze this process. Don't over analyze making that connection with people. There's 1001 different scripts and objections and things that you can say and things like that. Chat GPT is really helpful by giving scenarios to it, and actually telling GPT Hey, you're an expert at sales.

[347:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you show me what you would say in this situation? In fact, let me close this out just by kind of demonstrating that to you how chat GPT can can help with this. Chad CBT is a great sales tool.

[351:22] Speaker 0: Because it's actually trained in a lot of different modalities of sales. And it's really smart when it comes to some of these questions right here. Okay, I have a prospect, or actually, let's, let's again, let's give it a brain. There's this new version of chat GBT that they came out that they came out with two that people are gonna get access to soon that has what's called G pts. And so that's really helpful as you can create these like custom GP tees and things like that for to respond with. Right? You are a sales expert at writing sales, scripts, and sales.

[362:24] Speaker 0: Conversations. Okay. So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna say,

[364:53] Speaker 0: a prospect has objection. They don't have the time to take action and follow the process too much information. They believe it's overwhelming. Just too much for them. We've had people who are very successful with our recorded content, but this person is very adamant that

[373:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's not okay with them. Hey, we're dealing with a prospect so so chat, GBT can actually act as a sales coach for you where you share what the system what the situation is. And you can share a hypothetical situation even with chat JpT as far as this goes, and I would encourage you to play around with it to get better at sales this way. When dealing with a hard prospect, it's key to empathize their feelings. See, here's how it would recommend scripting a conversation if they have a time objection. Hey, I completely understand where you're coming from. See you're you agree with them. You agree with the fact that hey, this is hard. Sounds like you got a lot on your plate.

[384:22] Speaker 0: Last thing I want to do is add more stress. Our goal is to not just provide you information, but provide a streamlined path to success. It just seems like so much. Yeah, that makes sense. You're not alone. In feeling this way. Most of our clients actually feel the same. What if I fall behind? We've got you covered provide personalized coaching. But will I be able to get the help I need. We're here to help we pride ourselves on our responsive support system and, and coaching program. Plus you have access to all of our recorded content. Let's take a step back. Imagine a few weeks or months from now that you made significant progress. And then you finally had access to all the information in the vault versus just going through what you have access to this is great right here. That would be ideal, but what if we helped you with an A personalized action plan? So again, you're promising exactly what it is that they want exactly what it is that they're saying that they want and you can continue with this they started telling me that I am too overwhelming as a teacher to follow. And they just couldn't stay as a client. Let's see what it would say to that type of objection if they feel as your approach is overwhelming. I appreciate your honesty. It's crucial for me to help clients feel comfortable. Yeah, just too fast paced too much content. great feedback. No, I appreciate that. You know, what kind of a structured approach would be better for you? Maybe, but I don't think I can continue with this. Okay, I understand, let's find a solution that helps you feel comfortable that way, you won't be overloaded. And we can ensure progress? I'm not sure. Let's try that. Suppose we take a brief pause. We schedule you know, we schedule a one on one session, we can recalibrate things, this plan will be entirely tailored for you. Let's put that together in a separate call together. How's that sound? So this is great. This is giving you ways to script out how you would have some of these tough conversations. And I think that there's so many different approaches that you could take with this. The prospect says they can't talk because a baby is on their hip. When they indicate they can't talk, hey, totally understand something you got your hands full taking care, little ones, no small task, why don't we schedule another time that's convenient for you. That way, it's interrupted, what's the best time to reach you. So immediately, you're looking for the next step with them the next stage, the next stage of where they're going. And I think that that's one of the most important things that you want to make sure of when you're doing these one on one sales, is that you have some kind of a next stage where you're taking them, you don't want this to be open ended, you want there to be a decision, some kind of an ultimatum, something that they're doing at the end, that takes a choice and an action to take, rather than just Oh, wow, that was a great conversation, actually giving them something to go do such as apply for your training, put down a deposit or purchase your program or schedule another call with you another approach that a lot of people do is they'll do back to back calls, where they'll do the initial call, it's 15 minutes long and qualifies the prospect it sees if they're a good fit, and then you schedule a longer call, to actually basically tell them to unpack all of this and to help give them the best guidance. But really, what you're gonna do in that longer call is you're gonna get to know them more on it. And you're going to be able to sell them much better because of how much time you're spending with them. 45 minutes on a call like that, okay? So these are all great approaches that you can take to be able to do this. I highly recommend the way that you get better at sales, is you do it more often. You know, Alex or Mozi says that sales is like sex, you get better at it by doing it more. I agree with that. I think it's a great thing. One reason most people struggle with sales is they're not putting themselves into sales situations. Often. They're trying to learn everything they're trying to get to know everything they're trying to understand everything, when really just getting into the trenches and doing it is what's going to be the number one thing that's going to make you better at it. All right. So hopefully this has been helpful. And I'm excited that we're gonna continue this. The next level is gonna be all about the person if they didn't buy on the one on one interaction. What do you do next? To keep continuing that conversation. All right.

