APRIL 27:Growing Your 6-Figure Coaching Email List The Fun Way
Date: 2023-04-27T20:32:42.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: uwOZRNNsPzLjlRiXavDDkzhYio4
---

[23:41] Speaker 0: Listen

[118:06] Speaker 0: The street

[119:59] Speaker 0: it was God into me so much.

[129:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up everybody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. I am so excited to have you here. We're gonna get started here in just a little bit. Let's bring this audio down here. Let's bring the music down. Yeah, everybody. All right. All right. Well, welcome. Welcome today. See if I got it up here on my screen at the screen is working it is working? Is my camera working? There we go. All right. Today the growing your six figure email list the fun way class and listen, I put an emphasis on the fun way because I truly believe in business, you got to do whatever's the most fun. We make business way too complicated and stiff. And and we believe that that's going to produce more of a result when in my experience in the last 20 years, is when you learn to just have fun with the process. That's where the cash flow comes in. That's where the money comes in. And that's where the the breakthrough happens. And so, you know, I had some people tell me, You shouldn't say the fun way that's unprofessional. And I'm like, Dude, you don't know what working with me is like because we make it fun. Our clients had the most enjoyable time. And we I'm all about you creating the life of your dreams creating the life that you and your family want to have long term, okay? That's why we're building a coaching business. That's why we're going out there to build a coaching business. And so the best way to attract the right clients for your coaching speaking or mentoring business is by growing Your email lists just a little bit about me. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been in the coaching speaking mentoring, training space using online marketing, internet marketing. We're here on the internet right now, way before COVID way before it became trendy, over 20 years ago, 20 years ago, I started by working with a company called Danny johnson.com. That's a personal development training company. Which basically, it helps sales people that are very analytical, they helped a lot of people that had trauma and, and it was a combo of like life coaching and sales training all at once. And I'm telling you, you know what, it changed my life, it changed. The life of my family had changed my mom's life, our future by going to the events that they had, and buying the coaching and buying the training and, and I ended up getting a job working for this company. I was working full time as their video editor. And I also did a lot with marketing and paid advertising when that first came out back in the early 2000s. And so that was 20 years ago, early 2000s. Video, nobody was using video at the time. So I've been using video since then. And that's why I had I had a great career. Some of y'all might say you don't look old enough to be in this 20 years. I just had my 35th birthday. I was 15 years old when I was working for them. They hired me 15 years old, straight out of being homeschooled with my mom. If you notice I'm a little awkward, and it's probably the homeschooler in me all that but what I'm saying is, is that I've been in this industry of coaching mentoring training for a long time and I've seen inside companies of what creates and sets apart those that make hundreds of 1000s of dollars and even millions of dollars in their coaching business. And even 10s of millions of dollars in their coaching business. Like my mom's business over $20 million dollars a year $20 million company that her and I built together some of you know my mom, Sandy Krakowski, and she's absolutely incredible. And this isn't to take anything away from her. We ended up building that company together and I learned like a sponge from Danny Johnson and then working with my mom, what does it take to successfully build an eight figure coaching business and in 2018, I ended up leaving my mom's company started a consulting company. And one of our main clients was actually we ended up focusing most of our energy towards this was a man named Rick Pino and his worship coach program. The idea was coaching for Christian worship songwriters, and how do they write amazing songs that people love? And how do you become a famous published Grammy Award winning worship songwriter like Maverick city like, you know, Stephanie Gretz in your elevation worship, Brandon lake. And so Rick Pino, he was the kind of the mastermind brains behind this. Rick had actually learned from my mom and I and this company, he had been a client of ours over here. And he reached out to me, when I started my consulting, it was like, Hey, want to do what you did for your mom, but for me, and we helped him build worship coach to over a million dollars a month. And it was just an incredible experience, really being able to have a, I guess, carte blanche over the marketing, the messaging, a lot of the decisions, obviously, Rick had the final say, but he deferred to me as his right hand to build this company from the ground up. And so that was an incredible experience that we learned so much from, after that. I worked full time with that and kind of coached a little bit on the side. And in my own coaching business over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. In the last seven months, we have made brought in over $650,000, in sales in our business, and we're close to that actually hitting 700,000 here real soon in the next couple of weeks. Let's actually do the math on that. $650,000 in seven months, it's over $92,000 A month average. Our highest month was 160k. Our lowest month I think it was like 40 to 45k in that range right there. And so that's been since August of this past year. And when you do that by group Growing our email list by doing zoom events like this, to connect with coaches, mentors, and speakers that want to get results in their business, so I'm not going to waste any more time telling you about me, I want this to be pure value for you welcome. You know, we're only we're only five minutes into this, obviously, we had the little intro. I am excited, though, for those of you who did upgrade to the VIP, okay, when you registered for this event, there was a VIP offer, I can't wait to meet with you. Next Saturday, we're going to meet in a Zoom Room where I get to answer your questions. And it's just gonna be us. It's a small group setting, I think the largest group we had was like 25 people. And I like that it's small and intimate. And so you actually get your questions answered, which is really cool. We've heard from a lot of people that they get so much value from that session, the VIP q&a sessions from previous events that we've done. And every time that we do a live event, I just want to invite you, you know, you might see if you're on my email list, that we do a couple of different live events every single month. Every time we do a live event, it is brand new content. It is brand new, I've never taught it before. Now we may have done an event that had a similar name. But every single time that I teach it, there was a new nugget, a new unlock that has come. Because how we build our business as we put our ear to the to the ground, and we listen to the market, and what's working right now strategically. So if you're on an event with us, six months ago, the whole landscape has shifted and changed completely. You know, chat GPT has changed everything for everybody. So we have to realize that it is important for you to learn how to use the latest technology. First off, but it's not complicated technology. Now, technology in the last year has become 100 times easier to use than it's ever been in history. And so I want you to realize that is that if you've gotten stumped by technology before, the new technology that's out there in the market

[277:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: is way better than the old stuff. And it's way simpler and easier to use. Okay, for those of you that are saying, Hey, listen, I don't even know what niche to coach in. In the VIP, there's the finding your niche training bundle, a ton of people have had breakthrough from that. And I break down for you how to find your niche. Very simply, we have what we call the six steps to six figures as a coach. And this comes straight out of our group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, which enrollment is closed right now to the client growth accelerator. So you can't actually join but you can get on the waiting list of it. And we have a training, I'm just pulling this up for you to show you this. It's called the six steps to six figures. And what I do is I teach a basic version of the six steps to six figures, from our high level coaching mastermind, every time I do an event and you're going to notice how these all translate together. When you hear me say it a few times it starts to work, it starts to seep in and starts to get in there with you. Okay. The other thing is that we use a very simple one step funnel approach. We don't have a massive amount of like funnel strategy that we do. Because this is the funnel that we use for pretty much everything, you have an opt in page where people sign up with their name and email address. You have some kind of a VIP upsell afterwards, which by the way, it's not required. You don't need to have that either. But it does help. It helps you get better feedback, and you send a series of automated emails from the funnel. Okay. And so, right now we're looking at okay, what technology do we use for that? Well, we use squarespace.com to build all of our landing pages, the pages that you see on my website right here. This is on Squarespace right here. And we put this together in an afternoon very simply with some simple images. And we were able to copy and paste this section we already had from a previous event. And so listen, Squarespace is the easiest tech out there for building landing pages and offers and it's also the most cost effective it's only 20 It's $36 a month if you pay monthly 27 If you pay annually and really just do the $33 a month version. Why don't we do this one and not this one because it gives you more control over your website. It allows you to customize things a little bit better. So I would recommend you at least get the business version of Squarespace. And then MailChimp right now they are offering an insane deal. Are they still offering it? Are they still offering it? Oh, they stopped offering Oh, no, wait. This is I'm already logged into my account. So it can tell that it's me right here? I think so. Um, no, it doesn't look like they have a crazy deal. But maybe they'd No, no, you know what they can tell that I was a previous customer, they have these little cookie, here we go. I knew it free first month for the standard edition. So you get all the features in MailChimp for free and then it's only 20 bucks a month. So for less than $50 a month, you have all the technology. Wait a second, I forgot one other thing. You're gonna probably want a Zoom account. Okay, Zoom video. And there's the free basic version of zoom right here, we can just do meetings for up to 40 minutes. The Pro version though 15 bucks a month, it's worth it. This allows you to do meetings with 100 attendees for up to 30 hours. And then we also like the the Zoom webinars function, which is really cool. That's what we're using right here, right now, which allows me to talk. But then everybody else can't actually talk, you can talk in the chat, you can post the chat. I'm gonna close the chat. I don't look at the chat during events like this, because it's really distracting to me. And so again, I will review your questions. I do take them to heart things like that. But understand that if you say something, I'm not responding in real time to that question. Because I'm not looking at your question, particularly. So just understand that. And if you do have questions, upgrade to our VIP, join us in the Zoom Room next week to get your questions answered, or post on my social media, go post a question on my YouTube channel, go post a question on my Facebook on my Instagram, I respond back. And I love to because I believe that you can make multiple six figures in the coaching business that you have what it takes, you might not believe that for yourself right now. But I want you to borrow my faith. I want you to borrow my belief, I want you to borrow my conviction as that anybody can make $10,000 per month in a coaching business related to any topic. Now you may have to adjust it just a little bit. This is why a lot of people fail at this is because they don't know the right strategic way to actually adjust their offer. Okay. And so that's the big part of how do you make your cost be really good? How do you find the right people? How do you get the how do I explain this? How do you make sure that you're not wasting your time and money is by figuring out what is the right bucket to put your energy into. Okay. There's a lot of buckets that we can put our energy into in a coaching business. And Miss Kitty here really wants to say hi to everybody. So we're gonna let her say Hi, what's up Miss Kitty? How's you say hi to everybody? All right, we're gonna we're gonna keep talking Miss Kitty. So the tools that you'll use initially are zoom, MailChimp, and Squarespace and so less than I'd say 60 bucks a month, you have all of the tools that you need to effectively build a six figure coaching business for less than 60 bucks a month. Okay. What's awesome is now actually I'm not going to skip to that part of it just yet. How many of y'all is this helping? How many of y'all is this connecting with? We have to make sure that we break up with perfectionism. If you are a coach, if you are a mentor, and you're trying to build a coaching business, and you're trying to grow your email list, you have to break up with the need to do everything perfect. Okay. Let me explain what I mean by that. Yes, we want to strive for excellence. Yes, we want to be a person of integrity. Yes, we want to be somebody that delivers high quality content to people that solves problems for people. But perfectionism is this belief that if I do everything perfect enough that I deserve a result. And I see this more often than not be one of the big Just limiters for coaches or if it's not that it's self punishment, it's you getting mad at yourself, when you don't do things perfectly when you put something out there, and it doesn't work out. When you launch a campaign and you get upset with yourself, you either start beating yourself up or you start getting angry or emotionally distressed, when things don't go well for you. And so you're looking for certainty, and a guarantee. And you're looking to blame. The victim mindset is what stops people the most. And so I want to encourage you today is this is that I believe if you're here today, you do not have a victim mindset. You don't you have a victorious mindset. You have a mindset that says I can succeed, I can reach the goals that I have. But you want to know what's the right way to do it? Okay. So it always starts with, you have some kind of a landing page with an offer that people want. Okay. And you have to spend the majority of your energy, figuring out what do your people want? What do the people that engage with you want? What are they looking for? What are the problem is that they have?

[425:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are they struggling with? Okay. Again, coaches, mentors, speakers, trainers. There's a group of people that's out there that you help with your coaching, mentoring, speaking and training, okay? And how do you know that you can help them? Well, they currently actively are struggling with a specific problem. And so what you want to do is you want to find those people that have a desire and a want for something, which is usually to alleviate the problem and struggling that they're have to get what they want. Okay, this translates to every single coaching business, every single training business, every single mentoring business, okay? If it doesn't, then I don't know why you're here. Because this training is not for anybody who isn't an agency business. Though, it could work for that. It's not for anybody who's in E commerce, though it might possibly work for that, it will probably work better for software. This is specifically designed as the landing page says, for coaches, speakers and mentors, who want to make 20 to $40,000 per month. And this is specifically for people that want to make significant business profits. Okay? If you say I'm a coach, but I just want to impact people, I don't want to make any money. From here on out. What I'm probably going to say is gonna be very offensive. And so I understand that and you can write my office later. I usually get nasty emails and threats from what I'm about to share next. In your business we want to deliver the highest quality coaching, the highest quality training, the highest quality mentoring to deliver on our promises what people want. Okay, so we're on the same page there. To do so most people are doing it the wrong way. You need to prioritize the actual coaching. In your business, the actual coaching of people is your secondary priority and it's and it's equal to this first priority trust me we deliver impact we deliver results you saw the testimonials on the page of the people who work with us that make eight nine figure seven figures, multiple six figures by using this training. We I get people every week reading me that we change their life. But I also get the most hate for this one thing And this is why our system works better than anything that I know of specifically for people that are trying to go from zero to half a million dollars. Because that's the hardest part to do, once you get to half a million, it's actually very easy to get to multiple millions, because you just do more of what got you to a half a million. It's like, it's actually almost silly. That once you get to about a half a million to a million dollars, you just do more of what got you there in this business. Again, I understand you might, you might have experienced in other industries, you might have experienced with other coaching with other methodologies with things like that in this business, you want to get to about a half a million dollars a year. And that's where things start to run itself and start to run on autopilot. So when I say a solopreneur it to about a quarter million to a half a million a year, that's why we put on the landing page 20 to $40,000 per month, okay? Because that's the that's the income that's going to make the breakthrough for you to the next level. Okay.

[501:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: The number one thing that people disagree with me on is not coaching is not delivering results to your clients, by the way that still, it's the number two most important thing. I'm not saying don't do these things, they're so important, they cause impact. I would not be in business if I wasn't delivering results. But the number one priority of where you put your energy, your focus, your time, your thought process needs to be in sales, and marketing. Now, that doesn't mean that you need to be an expert sales and marketer by the way. You don't have to be, but you have to spend the majority of your energy and efforts in here and prioritize this to be the secondary priority, while still delivering the same quality results in coaching. And that's what we show people how to do in my coaching program. That's what we help people do. That's what we help people do. who get into our space, if you follow any of my content. I'm all about working five to 10 hours a week. And scaling businesses to over a half a million dollars plus by prioritizing sales and marketing as the top priority. Again, I said it multiple times. I'm gonna say it again. This is important. Very important. Otherwise you'd be defrauding people, you would be lying like what are you selling then at that point, right. But this needs to be where you we need to put our focus of our energy, our time, how much time we spend learning, growing in the skill set of growing in the knowledge of and that's why growing your email list is the number one activity that coaches need to do that coaches is where they need to put their time and energy investment. Here's the problem. What most people think their client wants, and what their client's problems are and what their client is struggling with. And this is not to bash anybody. This is. This goes for any industry. Even Elon Musk says this, and he's a pretty smart guy is as one person, we can't figure out what this is on our own. We have to actually get real people to give us data

[548:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we can analyze, to tell us with certainty what these are. Okay, and so the only thing that you need absolute certainty on is this right here. And it's actually very easy to get absolute certainty on this. Because when you have absolute certainty on what your client wants, what their problems are, what they're struggling with. And by the way, you can develop that in less than 30 days easily by doing one simple offer that you put out there by doing one simple event on Zoom, or a live masterclass or have an ebook and then send a survey out afterwards. To have the people that joined tell you what they want, what their problems are and what they're struggling with. Now, you might have noticed that if you joined the Facebook group for this event with the free trainings, which the free trainings, all of this is here to bribe you to get data, essentially. And the data that I get is the questions that we get asked in the VIP, the comments and questions that are here during the live zoom event. And then the answer is when you join the Facebook group where I asked very strategic questions of what are you struggling with the most when I refer when it refers to you growing your email list? And getting more clients? And what you would like to learn from me? See, I say, What would you like to learn? For me, it's really asking you what do you want? What is your desires, and so that what we're able to do, we call that the feedback loop, it's essentially, we're serving every single person who joins our email list. And the way that people used to think about this as Oh, we put a survey out there, and that's how people join our list. And the idea is, you bribe people, ethically, with what they want with what their desire is growing their six figure coaching business, reaching their full potential, recovering from narcissistic abuse, learning how to live their best life, this is an ethical bribe to capture data. And this is what you will not hear from most of the marketing trainings that are out there. Except for mine. Because most people keep this under wraps of what they actually charged for. And so we capture that data, we put it into a document, we capture the survey answers. And we filter them into chat, CPT. And we utilize chat GPT. And the GPT four model, which you can get access to by upgrading your account, to chat GPT plus, which is worth every single penny of the $20 to be able to get access to the GPT four model. There is a company recently, I don't know if they are going to be in business much longer, but they are called forefront. And you can use GPT for free. Right here inside of the forefront AI. Okay. So this is free that you can access if you go to chat dot forefront that AI, it's the exact same engine as chat CPTs. We're going to use this for most of what we're doing since it's free. And it's really awesome. And GPT four is that much better than GPT 3.5. It's not even worth using GPT 3.5. Okay, so here's where the part of the process is, as you want to capture the data from people have, what they want, what their problems are, what they're struggling with. Okay. I have to look back at what everybody was asking me that they wanted to learn here today. And what I remember is that a lot of people are still stuck on what are the technical aspects? How do we build a funnel? How do we do it organically? How do we get the right people to show up to grow our email list? Okay. So what we do is it's a combination of you create an offer that people want

[623:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: and we're able to send traffic to that offer. Okay, so this is the offer right here. And we send traffic to that offer, whether it be free traffic, organic traffic, or be paid traffic.

[630:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're sending traffic to this offer, okay? And then that's how people fill in their name and email address. To solve a problem that they told us they have. And now they go on our email list. And what you want to do is immediately within a week or so is have some kind of a video presentation, some kind of a training that they join with you or a class that you send people to. It can be just one session is enough. Just a single session, kind of like what we're doing right here. Okay, so you do these little classes when people join your email list. And from there, you get to tell people about your coaching program, your membership, your course, whatever the thing is that you're selling. And that's how you make money from this loop right here. That's the funnel that we teach you as, as part of our program. If I go back to the funnel map, people sign up on an email list. We make a promise to solve a problem and deliver a result in a free offer. It can be a free offer, or what I would recommend is you could make it $7. If you want to charge money for it, keep it under 10 bucks. This becomes the initial touch point where somebody first finds you, okay? And then you send them to some kind of a video presentation, we like to do it on Zoom. And then from there, you tell them about what it is that you have to sell. Does that make sense? Or it doesn't even have to be something that you have to sell. I don't even tell people about something that I sell at this point. Because I haven't, in my opinion, built enough trust with those people. Okay. And so what do you actually say, to get people to join your email list? What do you actually say once they're on your list, to get them to become a client? Well, that's where we use chat CBT to help us with the majority of it. And then the other part is learning about persuasion and influence. And one of my favorite books on this topic is all about the straight line selling and persuasion system, which was coined by none other than wild man character himself that was portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio in the Martin Scorsese film, The Wolf of Wall Street is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. This book right here alone, I tell every one of my paid clients to read this book. And we tell them to get to books. And if you walk away from this training today, highly recommend you grab these two books, the way of the wolf straight line selling. This is the most ethical sales system on the planet, by by a man who's argued to be have done a lot of unethical things in his life, but I can pull the gold out of this training here. And I'm telling you, it's the most ethical, honest and high integrity like he, he essentially did this to improve his image as what it is, okay. This is actually the most ethical sales system on the planet. Here's what's in here, I utilize it in everything that we do. And if you follow me for a while and you read this book, you'll see exactly what that is. And then the Ultimate Sales Letter is by marketing guru and legend Dan Kennedy. My mom was mentored personally, one on one by Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer, herself. And so what we do is very much fits into the Dan Kennedy system. If you don't know who Dan Kennedy is, I highly recommend you pretty much just absorb any content. If it says it's from Dan Kennedy, listen to it. Like it's the law, in my opinion. I love his time management book. It's a great book, The no BS series, all about how to have boundaries is what it is really. And his direct marketing book all about direct response marketing about being direct. asking for the sale, analyzing the results at the end those two books by Dan Kennedy plus his Ultimate Sales Letter, one that I have right here. Highly recommend and really if you want to just read anything that Dan Kennedy is put out, he has so many books. It will change your life. If you listen to him, it really will in a positive direction. Now do I agree with everything that he says? Well, no, of course not. But I am amazed by just how different what he teaches is from what is the norm in society today when it comes to business, and so highly recommend that content. And what we recommend that you do is you utilize here's what here's what Belfour teaches Your job in this whole process is to qualify if somebody is a good fit to buy from you what it is that you're selling, okay, now not everybody is qualified. You know, not everybody is qualified to work with me. Not everybody is qualified to work with you. You might say, Yeah, but I am a health coach. So everybody needs health, yes. But if you're going to try to market to everybody for health, listen, multibillion dollar companies can't even do that. And so don't think that you can as well, I don't mean that to be rude. But you have to niche down specifically as to a specific problem that people have. That's in a specific lane. Okay. So for instance, let me just explain this in my own business. When I first started, I had a lot of experience in the online marketing industry. And I actually had trouble explaining what I do the way that I have at the beginning here. And so I set out to help everybody. This is everybody who wants to and by the way, this is the biggest mistake that I made in business. And each level that I went down from this mistake, the more money I've made. It's an upside down pyramid. Let me explain why this is. So this is everybody who has a business on the internet. And I sold a course on Facebook ads, and we still use Facebook and Instagram ads to this day, as one of the best traffic sources to drive traffic to your offers. Because you can actually predict based on how much you spend who you target, how many sales you're gonna get, it's actually less risky to use Facebook ads when you use our system. When we when you use the system that I teach to my clients, when you use the system, that all of the businesses that we built had been built on is using paid advertising with Facebook and Instagram. And not a whole lot of money either a small tiny budget looks a little hole my chin 300 to $500 a month in Facebook ads. And the goal is that you make back at least twice that much within the first 30 days. That's a losing campaign in our in our community. Our clients are seeing a 30x return on adspend. For every $1,000 spent on ads, they're bringing in $30,000 every $500 spent on ads to bring in on average 15 to $20,000 in sales. But it's by realizing that you can't be all things to all people. This is everybody who's out there that had a product that wanted to get clients on the internet. And so what I did was I actually did the worst possible thing I did 500 discovery calls, and 450. And about 10% of those discovery calls were absolutely crazy, weirdo, abusive, psychopathic people. Just like I like I had to do therapy after some of the discovery calls with for myself rough, but out of the discovery calls, about 25% of them would become a coaching client. What I noticed though, is that 25% 100% of them we're coaches, mentors, speakers, trainers, authors, people with a message. So if 100% of the people who actually have started to pay me money and asked me the most questions and have gotten the most results with me, in the last 20 years, our coaches, mentors, speakers, trainers and authors.

[790:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then, while there's a whole segment of the market out there that like has an agency business, a service based business, ecommerce business, traditional business, things like that. I need to eliminate trying to service about 75% of the people that I'm actually talking to. And what this did was this immediately increased the sales in our business from about $1,000 a month. month, we try to help everybody in the coaching side of the business. As soon as I did this right here, our income shot up to $10,000 a month from coaching. Anytime that I would market something to this group, we'd make about 10 grand versus struggling to try to help everybody. And so does like, I'm getting 10 times that return by no longer serving 75% of the market. Just making sense. Okay, and then what I found was this, of this group of people, about 66% of them. This is 66% of all coaches, trainers and mentors, by the way, that are actually not a good fit for our system. Who are they? You might say, well, they, they don't want to build anything on the internet, they don't want to do anything with paid advertising. They don't want to do anything with Zoom or video or, or, and they don't want to coach people. And they don't want to make at least a quarter of a million dollars a year as their goal in their business. And so 60, maybe even like, as high as 80%, we're still figuring out the percentage of coaches, trainers and mentors aren't even a good fit for what we do. And so when I stopped trying to communicate with and talk to all of these coaches, and I found my lane, which is you guys that are on here right now. That's where our business hit that $92,000 A month average level. And we're on pace to make seven figures this year is by niching down more and more and strategically repelling, harshly said alienating, segmenting out not focusing on not serving, ignoring the whole segment of the market that doesn't want to make money that doesn't want to use paid ads that doesn't want to do stuff face to face. And I had a lady on a group a month ago. And she's like, you know, I just I don't understand why you don't teach in person speaking well, it's not my system, because none of our success stories did so within person speaking. So I'm going to focus on what's going to make me the most amount of money is what it is. And that's what I want you to focus on is profit. As a major goal in your business. Here's the cool part to our testimonies tripled the amount of case studies and success stories and people that come to us and tell us your system changed our life. Your system allowed us to work less hours, your system allowed us to make six figures, seven figures has tripled. Down we've made almost 10 times as much money and three times as many success stories, specifically Now, you might say that this is this is a controversial thing. Why not more success stories? Well, most coaches don't talk about this, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna shoot straight with you. Because that's what I do is, no matter how good your training or coaching is, you're never going to have everybody be a world class six success story with you. Because, excuse me, because it's just not possible to control what other people do. But when we're seeing 25 to 30% of our paid coaching clients, making at least six figures. That's inspiring. That's really inspiring to me. And so I want to figure out, you know, what do they have in common? How can I find more of those people? And I'm on a mission to create 1000, multi millionaire coaches. How many of you want to be one of the multimillionaire coaches that we help? Well, you're in our ecosystem by you being on my email list. You're connected with me and yes, I email quite a bit. I would encourage you if you want to learn what to say in your emails, to stay on my email list and actually use my emails to help you write your emails. And here's how we do this. Have you ever wondered what do you say in an email? Well, you don't have to anymore chat GPT has changed the game when it comes to email marketing. In the last 30 days. We have revolutionized how we do email for every client that we work with.

[879:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: What we do is we use template It's for our email and a template. It's a predetermined structure, style cadence. And then we figure out okay, what is our offer that we're going to send people to? What is the offer for for coaches, trainers and mentors? And then how do we, we tell chat CBT write an email based on this template. And by the way, these templates I'm going to show you how we use it, how we do it, it's not what you think. The way that you use a template with chat CBT is this is just like really nerdy stuff, but this is gonna make you a lot of money if you actually apply it. I can take just any email in my inbox right here. Let's take this one right here, Erin dowdy what hidden CIA's doc say about manifestation. This is a he's inviting you to a four day event is it a paid event that matters booked now, it's a low cost event. It's pretty low. That's great. Really good price. And so I've been there. Cool. So anyways, he is he's coaching people at that live event right there. This is his landing page, things like that. So what I can do is I can go into let's go into forefront and we're gonna go email marketing persona, by the way, you can add new personas by clicking here and add new persona you could do a manifestation coach, whatever. Okay, but let's say that you are in the industry of you help people break past their limiting beliefs using energy healing, okay. So what we always start off with is write a sales letter for a free video class, about healing from pain, using energy healing with a holistic nutritional approach, there we go. And so then Chad GPT GPT for forefront AI is going to write you a sales letter base off of this. Okay. Now what you get to do is, we don't even need it to write the whole sales letter. As we can say, write an email based on the above to invite people to a four day live event that sells for $97 A ticket, online and 397 in person based on the following template. The template will help with structure, tone, Cadence and style, but keep the information the same as the above topic about energy healing and holistic nutrition. Okay, so now we're going to take Adams email and put template and just paste his email or Erin dowdy, we're gonna paste his email right there. And then we're gonna tell chat GPT to write an email, based on the template for that. Have you ever wondered if there's a way to heal from your pain and transform your life? Back in 2017, I discovered a free video that revealed the secrets of healing pain. This class changed my life and I believe it'll change yours as well. Fast forward to today, I'm thrilled to invite you to afford a event that dives deeper into the world of energy healing and holistic nutrition. This event is priced at 97 will empower you to take control of your health and your well being. By the way, if you want some of these chat CBT prompts if you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT you can download and it's at the top of my website right here. You can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you scroll down, you'll find it right here as well download my chat GBT prompts. This is a prompt document that you can get access to. And I'll just show you what it is that gets sent to your email. And you can access immediately and what it is it's a Google Doc with all the top prompts that we use in our business and for our sales copywriting right here and so you can get that completely free. Just By opting in at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT. So one of the greatest things that we use this for is we can then come up with the outcome that we're going to deliver, we'll get that we already got people jumping in. Okay, so if I go to forefront, forefront chat

[969:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I make sure that GPT forests selected down here. I can paste this and say what is the ultimate outcome? of someone who works with it's funny, it's an email marketing writing coach. So look at the persona is making it right, like it's writing email. Let me change it to helpful assistant here real quick. It's actually doing what the persona was, it's writing each one as an email. So that's actually really cool. Here we go. Imagine the ultimate outcome of someone who works with a coach. Let's call her Sarah. So what it's going to do is it's going to imagine for you a desired outcome. Okay, a desired goal that your target market has. And this is what you build everything off of as you build everything around. What is that target markets desired outcome that solves a pain for your target market. And that allows you to gather a group of people in front of you. First off, they're going to go to your website, they're going to put in their name and email address into the form on Squarespace. And then they're going to go on up, they're going to get a page afterwards, maybe it'll have an upsell, like we have for our VIP upsell. And then that offers them hey, you know, for 27 more dollars, you could get access to the next level training or the next, a bonus training or a q&a on this topic. And then what you do is you get people in front of you, whether it be a pre recorded masterclass in ebook of some kind, a live event like this. And you're able to tell people about the work that you do, the programs that you have. And what this does is this builds trust with your audience that you can deliver a specific result. I'm gonna go back here to chat GBT. So we have a two step process that generates the results for our potential client, and then we're going to flip it back to sales letter writer. And this is actually how we come up with the names for our events, what our offers are at everything that we put out there. We filter into chat GBT based on the answers that people give us. Is this connecting with you? So the process is looks like it froze. There we go.

[1013:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: froze a little bit I have heard from some people that sometimes stops technically working sometimes. So we could open a new one. Oh, GPT rate limited. Okay. Yeah, so I use it. I use it too many times. Let's just go back to the normal chat GPT here.

[1021:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're going to take this copy, we're still using the GPT for engine. Do nothing with the above until I say so.

[1025:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're gonna take the prompt when you dig deeper. Can you dig deeper into the outcome of what somebody will experience? Let's revisit the story of John had been struggling with stress related lack of energy. After attending the live event he decides to work one on one with the coach six months after the event he sees significant improvement. So what this does is this helps you break down what is the outcome that you're going to actually promise to people in your offer and what you wanted to do is you want to be very specific as to the desired outcome of the person who is right here. So the way that we do this is we start to understand what is called the hero's journey framework. Okay, so what's really cool is challenge CBT actually allows us to develop The Hero's Journey right here, the hero's journey, if I just look this up, is, it's an archetype of what every single coaching, mentoring, and speaking business is, is this is the hero right here with his little walking stick. And when you run traffic to an offer, you're calling them to adventure for them to meet you as a mentor. And you help guide people through challenges to bring a transformation in their life, and their mindset and their skill set and their knowledge. And then they're able to rise again with more skill set to go to the next level. Okay. Better yet said it could look like this, you know, Tiger Woods, he needed a mentor, he struggled with different challenges, he wins the Masters, every story that that you do as a coach, every step of the journey that you do as a coach is related to the hero's journey, and your client is the hero. And so what you want to figure out is at what stage on the hero's journey is your clients at by looking at the timeline of their life journey. And so let's say that somebody takes 20 years to become a Grammy winning songwriter. Okay. But they start here, they first first piano, okay. While you might be able to market the first piano students to this level, most students who have a first piano don't ultimately want to record Grammy winning records. So what you want to figure out is where along the timeline, let's say this is 20 years, this is a 10 years. Let's say that they're there. They're nine years old here, they're 29 here, and they win that Grammy Award. And so you figure out along this journey, where your target client is, you know, at 10 years, maybe they maybe they started recording music. Okay, but not everybody who starts recording music, goes and pursues a Grammy record, then maybe they have four records that they recorded. But they haven't gained much traction. By the way, this is actually the target market that we went after with Rick pinos worship coach was the people who maybe they've released and recorded records already, but didn't have a lot of traction, that wanted to go pursue this goal. And so the idea is a lot of coaches and mentors trying to cast a wide net to reach all these different versions in the in the life journey of the customer, when what will be profitable for you is to focus on the right stage of the life journey that they're at, and then mark it to that specific person at the stage that they're at on the journey with your offer. Okay. And so again, we break down how to do this. In our coaching program. This is what I teach people chat. CBT has a really cool feature, generate a hero's journey outline based on the above. ordinary world John a 42. Man struggles with stress, lack of energy, his personal life is suffering due to fatigue and an inability to focus. So that's a person with a problem. And your goal is to solve that problem if this is your business. He discovers the energy healing event decides to attend but he's skeptical, hesitant to invest any resources. So he leaves but during he is introduced to an experienced nutrition coach and mentor, who guides him and he decides to commit fully to coaching. He incorporates the disciplines into his life. He might struggle, but he has significant improvements in his life. So every one of your clients goes through this type of a life cycle. And you're coaching and you're mentoring and you're speaking and we're talking about a business that's going to pay you a quarter million to half a million dollars a year. Okay? And so what you do is you start to write sales copy based on that person's life story based on that person's journey. What are their main pain points? Let's copy this on here.

[1123:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: These are prompts that you can get in that prompt document. pain points chronic pain and health issues, fatigue is low, feeling overwhelmed by the stress. And its impact on their physical emotional well being. So the idea is, you put an offer together around where your target client is on their journey, and you attract them to sign up to your email list at that right stage in time, where they are a hot prospect where they are most likely to become a customer. That's what Jordan Belfort teaches here in this book right here is then you're only talking to what we call hot prospects, because everybody else is going to disappear, you're not going to even end up selling to anybody unless they are a hot prospect. And so here's the cool part about that, then you don't have to hard sell. You don't have to do anything that's uncomfortable for you. You don't have to do anything that's slimy or sleazy, because you've qualified people based on are they a good fit for what your coaching is that you offer. And that's what we do in our business. Every time that we do. Events like this is it's a qualification exercise, here's what's funny, I don't even have anything to sell you today. I have nothing to sell you at all. But we are going to announce later today, I'm gonna send an email out to everybody. And I'm going to tell you about it first is we have in not next week, but the week after we are hosting, backed by popular demand, one of the most powerful five day intensives that we've ever done, and I'm hosting it live with you. For free, it's completely free. There's nothing for you to buy. And five day intensive on launching and scaling your six figure group coaching offer. So what we're going to do is we're going to work together on this five day event, to go through this whole process with you for your individual business, for your offer for your customer life journey. And then we're going to work together to craft and create the perfect irresistible offer that finds paying clients for your business. Okay, so this process takes a little bit longer than an event like this, this is kind of just an introduction to our process. But what I'm going to do is for five days, we're going to work together to help you develop your perfect offer. We're gonna help you position it for maximum profit and impact. We're going to help you put your launch on autopilot. So it you don't have to sit there all the time and grind and spend a bunch of time it can run itself. you automate everything. And that what do you actually say to get people to take your offer? How do you reap the financial rewards. So we're going to spend these five days together going over all of the things that are holding coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers back. And so it is a five day event right here. I highly recommend that if you're on here with me today to please register for this. Okay. I'm gonna tell you a little bit more about it. After you register, there is a VIP upgrade because you know, we like our VIP and it's a different VIP. It's $17 and the price does go up until midnight, Saturday, April 29 This Saturday, okay. And what do you get? Well, you get five days with me after each session on May 8, may 9, may 10, may 11, may 12. I'm going to be teaching at same time as here but it's only for an hour each day, live on be teaching live and then we're going to go into a Zoom Room after each session at 4pm. Eastern, I'm gonna be able to answer your questions immediately following the session each day to help you with your unique business offer and opportunity. Plus, I'm throwing in four bonus trainings. Okay. This is probably one of the most valuable it's it's I am almost painting myself to give this to you for 17 bucks, but it's a great value and it's the chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle. Okay, and what this is, is this is a training from our high level VIP mastermind not VIP, not this VIP but our client growth accelerator, which is which is over $2,000 A year and the doors to that are not open right now. So I'm giving you this training about using chat JpT for sales letters, and all the ways that we do this, I'm gonna walk you through how you actually build out that offer that goes on Squarespace. How do you actually build out landing pages like this? Okay, this is the offer right here. And we're gonna work together during these five days to develop your strategic offer together. So you get that bonus training. Plus, you get these three award winning trainings that people have absolutely told us they love getting unstuck, to take massive action. This is all about helping you no longer come up against resistance that stopping you no longer letting hesitation and the fear of is this going to work? Is this going to produce a result stop you from reaching your goals stop you from going forward. I truly believe if you're here, right now, you can make multiple six figures in the coaching business, I wouldn't be talking to you with as much boldness and certainty as I am right now. Okay. And I want to help you do that during these five days. But you got to get unstuck. And part of the next step of getting unstuck, might be for some of you to grab the VIP for this five day event to spend those five days. With me answering your questions, you get the recordings to the event, they get taken offline. That week, plus, you get the recordings of the VIP q&a sessions, okay. And no, we don't offer discounts or refunds on any of the VIPs these are these are, they're cheap enough that it's an incredible value, I stand behind them. But I don't need to offer any sort of guarantees on these. So the next one is fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business all about working less than five hours a week. This is something that I learned from my mom that I learned from Rick Pitino, this is what I am implementing as sort of the way of doing business is not working on your company, your business, your coaching business more than five to 10 hours a week. And you can absolutely deliver incredible results to people, you can absolutely do that. This training breaks that down as well as the VIP mindset training, people have told us that this was life changing. And it's all about not sacrificing the important moments in life and what is important. And also, while not burning out how to be a person of integrity and honor without burning the candle at both ends. Again, that goes back into the fun and freedom training right there. But it's a little bit more on the mindset strategy. So you get all of that, plus the five days of q&a with me for just $17. So I'm excited for those that do jump into this, I'm excited to to spend these five days with you, we did a we did a five day event a couple weeks back and it was incredible. This is going to be if you've been in any of our five day events before, it's going to be unlike any other that you've been in. It's not the same content, we don't use previous recordings for any of our events. Currently, maybe we will in the future. I'm not opposed to that. I love that the idea of evergreen. I love the concept of it. But I know that you can actually make more profit by showing up live and having it be new content. Like if you follow me, it's a channel that you can watch. You're plugged into a channel of marketing. If you're on my YouTube, if you're on my Facebook, if you're on my Instagram, you're plugged into a channel of marketing, to where I promise to deliver the best training, the best information, the best strategies that are working for coaches to make multiple six figures. And so, a thanks for being here. I'm glad that you're here. I'm excited to help you take things forward with you. Register for this five day intensive right here. Okay. Now what I want to show you just real quick before we close up shop here is how do we get people to join us with Facebook ads? Well check this out chat CPT is actually the best Facebook ads writer. If we start by telling chat GPT to write me a sales letter for the above and actually let's try one of our best prompts that we use. We call it the storytelling framework sales letter. I usually have it right in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie because it seems to write better that way. discover the secret to overcoming pain and fatigue. Are you struggling with chronic fatigue?

[1276:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Stress or other related issues? I noticed like I've been there I used to be hopeless, as if I tried everything but then I stumbled upon this and it completely changed my life. And so what we did was we were able to take just a baseline idea Have a chat GPT can give us information about the desired outcome and the pain points and the hero's journey. And now we're reverse engineering it back into sales copy for a webinar. And everything that you do is built on sales copy. I have people ask me this all the time. Jeremiah, how do I use paid advertising or even organic traffic to target the right people? And my answer is always this. And, and pay attention to this, it's your ability to survey your audience. So you want to survey this person right here, you want to understand what is going on inside their mind, what is going on inside their head, you want to survey them all about where they are at to learn and discover what you don't know about them. And then what you do is you build all of your marketing campaigns, around those desires that this person told you. So the idea is, you become sort of like a genie with 1000 wishes to your target market, we're basically everything that they could ever want, about reaching their goal you provide for them. And that's what I try to do for my clients is that everything that they could ever want or imagine is provided for by being in my ecosystem, by listening to my podcast, by watching my YouTube channel, is that no matter what stage you come in, at, no matter what social media platform, you're watching us on, whether you are a paid coaching client or not. And by the way, this is what has generated us the most amount of money in our business, we're going to talk about as well during the five day event, how to not give away too much of your content, how to know what to give away, and how to know what not to, and how to decide on how to price things and put it all together, I'll just tell you real quick, how we recommend people price stuff, it's very simple. Don't make anything that you're actually selling less than $497. Okay, because this will still allow you to run paid advertising. If it's cheaper than this, you can't run paid advertising because you won't make enough sales to pay the paid ads bill. But if it's $500, you will make enough money to pay your paid ads bill. And we recommend that you actually sell something that's 1000 to $2,000. Because that'll allow you to 40, even 6x the results that you get with this, you know, you might get a 5x return on a $500 you might get a 30x return on a $2,000. Okay. And so listen, I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that you are in our ecosystem. Spend the five days with me. As we work together and build your offer. Everything is based on the offer your sales, copy your target client, what emails you send out. And so for instance, we had chat GPT write that copy for us now watch this right PS copy based on the above. And by the way, these all of these prompts are in that prompt document as well. You can go find this one by going to see advertising. So if I look for advertising, advertising, here's our Facebook ad copy prompt right here. Okay, in fact, let's take both of these prompts. I'm going to show you what it does. And then we're going to have actually right our video ad script as well.

[1340:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're constantly battling chronic pain stress your daily life is affected and can't fully engage. leaving you feeling hopeless and frustrated discover the life changing power of energy healing and holistic nutrition in our free webinar. Learn how to regain control of your health and well being Facebook ads copy tired of pain and fatigue discover a life changing solution struggling with pain fatigue or stress we know it can be tough, but there's hope join our free webinar so it helps you put together ad copy for your offers. Rewrite the above ad copy to be compliant with Facebook community guidelines so they don't get rejected. Watch this transform your life with a natural solution. Learn our free how in our free webinars seeking a holistic approach to improve your well being unlock the power of see so what it did was it rewrote the copy to actually fit into what would get approved by Facebook simply with that. That question right there. I actually should I actually do need to add this Going to our prompt document. Rewrite ad for Facebook compliance.

[1363:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Build it, let's make it a little bit bigger. There you go. So hopefully this is helping you hopefully you're seeing how all these pieces fit together with the from the funnel to the very simple landing page on Squarespace to using chat JBT, to come up with your offer and your ad copy, to using zoom to connect with people to taking the feedback and learning as much as possible about your target customer. And then you take that feedback and bring it back into chat GPT. And it helps you dial in your offer even more, which then brings your cost down more of your paid advertising. And so that's what we're going to be going over during the five days together is how to do all that how to actually launch and scale that six figure group coaching offer that will produce results that will produce these testimonies. These testimonies, by the way came out of this training right here. Okay? So don't miss out on this. It's completely free. I can't wait to see you on there. I can't wait for you to join me. It's gonna be amazing. It's going to be incredible. Listen, our time is up here. Thanks for being here. Thanks for watching. Again, I might not please everybody, I might not be everybody's flavor everybody's cup of tea. But I have a I have a heart and a passion to see people financially succeed. And, and I believe that as a coach, as a mentor, as a trainer as a speaker, that this that I've shown you right now is the best system for getting clients in a coaching business. It's the simplest system as well. It's the least time consuming. Now Yeah. So you don't have to stretch yourself, or you have to challenge yourself or you have to challenge your limiting beliefs. Absolutely. You absolutely will. But it's going to be worth it. And so, listen, I truly believe if you're here with me today that you're somebody that can succeed at the system. So join us for the five day event may 8 through the 12th We'll talk soon everybody. Have a good one. Bye

