VIP - Launch Your 6 Figure Group Coaching Offer
Date: 2023-03-14T22:24:50.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: dH9nEjQ50rRYEdxCW_n2vppd_c4
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Here we go. Go live in the Facebook group I'm going live in my client growth accelerator group

[7:17] Speaker 1: right

[9:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome to the to the VIP q&a. Welcome to our VIP q&a session. Hope everyone's doing great. We'll let a few people come on here I know we we sent out enough reminder emails and over surprisingly, it was surprising because it was a lot of people over over 60 people upgraded to the VIP for this event. Surprisingly, only five have actually taken the time to show up on time. And so that is that is the case. That's what happens. Very few people actually commit to and do the things that they say they're going to do. So but I'm thankful for those of you that are here. That's why listen, I'm glad that there's not 50 people on here because I can really dive in intimately with those that are here right now. I'm excited GPT, four was just released. And I've been playing around with it, it is it basically takes what chat GPT was, and it is smarter, produces better sales letters, better results. It processes in more complex pieces of information, which what I see as for coaches, and course creators and mentors, is able to kind of take the inputs, the same inputs that we've been using, and really come up with deeper topics that really affect people emotionally, right, better sales copy of the sales letters that it's generating are great. So we can even throw in some stuff into this while we're, while we're on the call here. I actually have it right here, the GPT four model right here. And so they compare it to it's the original one the reasoning ability was they gave it three stars. conciseness was two stars. And that was really the main problem, I think is that what I love helping people with is getting the AI to be more concise and getting it to be more specific. GPT for is twice as concise, and processes through more complex understanding. It's more creative. And so when I asked it to I just did a command, write a sales letter for a free five day intensive to help online coaches get more paid clients with virtual events such as webinars and online seminars, right this to go on a landing page or opt in page in order to persuade people to register with their name and email address. By the way, the more you describe to the AI kind of what the situation looks like, like painting a picture, that additional line of write this in a way that gets people to go to a landing page and persuades them to register helps its output be more accurate. So here's here's what it generates is the headline, it already is actually writing it with a headline right here. Get more paid clients in just five days with our intensive discover the proven formula to boost your coaching business, effective webinars and online seminars. Are you struggling to turn your passion into an online business? Do you feel like you're doing everything right, but can't seem to attract clients, you're nodding your head and that means there's truly something transformational for you. So notice, like this is way more conversational right here and I'm just gonna give you a By comparison, the same command in the old version of chat. GPT is a lot less connective. It's more generic. It's very generic. Are you struggling getting paid clients? Are you tired of searching for a way? Just for you? I'm excited to offer you this during this I'll show you this. This is not really going to be very effective copy because it doesn't dive into the emotions. So the new one really is diving into like, are you nodding your head? Yes, this will be transformational will reveal secrets to hosting wildly successful virtual events. Imagine having a roadmap that not only shows you exactly how to create highly converting webinars and seminars So literally just from this upgrade to the new model of GPT, four, we're generating sales copy that is lightyears ahead of what of what it was before. So that's really cool. How do you get access to GPT? Four, you have, you have to have Jeep, US First off, and they've limited you to 100 images for every four hours. But I've been testing it out for pretty much the last hour and everything that I throw at it, I'm comparing to the older version. And it's it's much better at its output. So really cool stuff. Here's what I say, for coaches and mentors. We don't have to be marketing experts anymore. We don't have to be sales, copy experts anymore, we just have to know how to tell the AI how to give us the results that work best. And that's the part that is a little bit more challenging is figuring out what does your target client really want. And then you can feed that into the algorithm to then get that back. And a big part of it is the feedback loop that we generate. So the feedback loop is this. And then I'll go into taking some questions here. But I just really wanted to show you guys this. So I have this document right here. As part of my feedback loop. For every virtual event that I run, I have people tell me what they want to learn what they're struggling with. So I have 52 pages of all this information from every single event that I ran. So based off of this one right here, these are the answers. If I just take these answers from people that registered for this event that we did last week, and I go into this, I could actually take this right here. Actually, let me go into let me go into this. And as a two step process, I would take this command, have it generate that sales letter right there. And then I would take these answers. And in just two steps. I'm able to have it improve upon, let me close this one down because I want to I want to use the better one. Yeah, fill your calendar with high quality clients stand out in a crowded coaching market. Okay, rewrite the above. And include the following context information that the target client cares about. This is in no particular order, and should be treated as a pool of ideas, problems and desires. So then I just pasted the raw answers right here. I'm gonna stop it from generating and we're gonna throw this in here.

[126:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Discover the Secrets of getting more paid clients building confidence and boosting your online presence. Are you unsure about how to create a program that serves your clients effectively or feel overwhelmed by the numerous decisions and technicalities involved in launching your coaching? You're not alone. The truth is many coaches face this challenge. The good news is we have a solution for you. We designed this to show you how to master the art of virtual events such as webinars and online seminars. So right now, I would take this and I plan on doing this later this week. And next month, we're going to be launching in April, a five day intensive that's based on this topic right here. So this is how I ended up writing my sales copy for my landing pages for for all of our virtual events that we do in our coaching business to create our irresistible offers. And so it's constantly iterating through okay, what are the answers that people are giving us? And then we put those out there in the marketplace? And then we get the marketplace to respond to us. And though and how do they respond? They tell us what they want to learn and they respond with their pocketbook. They respond with how many people are actually purchasing both the $7 VIP and eventually becoming a client to our paid coaching program. How do I know that my marketing is missing the mark if nobody's becoming a paid coaching client. And so if an offer that I run is not converting to paid coaching clients, then I know I need to adjust this and we've we've found a really great lane now for people that we're going to be implementing here this next month that combines paid advertising because you got to use paid ads for what I teach that combines writing sales copy that combines using AI to create your program to craft out what's your training program is right you could do map out an eight week coaching program based on the above with a list of the lesson topics and a bulleted outline. And so If I create virtual events that walk people through these processes, that converts to sales in my coaching program, then what do we help people do in our coaching program, right? Because I give away so much free information in the free training. I'm like, even in the last five minutes, I've already given you what some people would charge you $1,000 for. It's what I help people with as I guide them through crafting that sales, copy crafting those sales letters, helping them get better at giving their sales presentations. And then how do we grow those numbers, turn those numbers up to 10, so that you're making 2030 $40,000 a month. And then you have me in there in the group coaching, setting helping you with that. And so that's what the accelerator is for. I hope that a number of you that are on here today, do join that those of you that are on this VIP, or maybe you'll join when we open the doors next time, I'm not, you know, super stuck on you having to join today if you don't want to. But eventually, I would hope that you would would end up trusting me to help you with your business and taking things to the next level. So what I would love to do now is take some questions. Emily says is this the paid version? Yes, this is chat GPT plus. And so that gives you chat GPT for access to chat GPT for which is cool. Jasper just announced as well that they're going to be implementing chat GPT or GPT. Four, very soon into their API. I still use Jasper for our Facebook ads, because it's a better algorithm. In my opinion. I haven't tested Facebook ads, which had GPT. But I haven't gotten the older version to work as good for Facebook ads. Jasper right out the box creates highly converting Facebook ads. We we literally ran a campaign one of our clients Georgia and ban off we ran a campaign for him right now that's running for a five day challenge, didn't edit the copy. And he's getting leads to a five day challenge for $1.50. So, which is awesome, that's people signing up with their name and email address for dollar 50. All right, if anybody wants to raise your hand, ask me questions or you want to post questions in the chat. That's what I'm here for right now. I'm streaming this into my accelerator group just for our accelerator members. If you guys want to pop in and ask questions as well, you can do that. But I'm here for the next hour, maybe even a little more to answer as many questions if we have no questions, and I'll end up leaving early. So it looks like we've got about 14 people on here, which is good. So that's actually a great number of people. I love that. Jamie Gardner says he's got a question.

[205:18] Speaker 2: drummer has gone man, I'm just joined. celebrated last largely Awesome. Yeah, it's pretty damn awesome so far. So couple of questions on a practicality basis is, in your experience is the one to five day events versus say that a singular Day event better converting?

[212:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it Sorry, what was the last part you said,

[213:05] Speaker 2: as i i guess better converting for the longer events versus the shorter ones.

[214:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it is more converting. Because of the fact that people have stayed with you for multiple days, the amount of length of time that you have determines the amount of trust that you're basically building with people. And so as well, the five day event, there's another factor to it, you can charge more money for your program. So for instance, three day events are ones that I like for anything that's under $1,000. Works really well, which found anything over $1,000 usually needs those extra two days, the five days. So like my programs two grand a year. And what is just that extra time to build trust with people is that five day we've also found five day events can close sales up to $10,000 a pop. And so you could use a five day event to close $10,000 packages depending on if that's who you're attracting as a client. We're not even attracting people right now that would buy into a 10k program. If I was selling a 1020 or 30k program, there would be a lot more attached to it. And we might do that later in the summer to where maybe we include a part where we help build your offer with you and do things like that right now. We don't have anything like that. We have a number of service providers that are in the accelerator, though that we can refer you to that are trained on our material. And that can help you build out your programs, build out your landing pages and things like that, but the a one day event is a, you know, it's it's harder to build trust with people with one single session unless you're unless you're attracting the right people. And even in my experience, I have found when I do a one day session like this, the amount of sales comparatively to how many registrations we get is exponentially lower. And I know that and I knew that going into doing this one day three hour seminar, but I did it as a special where I only launched it to my email list and retargeted it to people who already knew who I was. And so because of that, there was a better qualified group. And I've really loved the feedback that we've gotten from this one day event. But what I prefer is I still love doing multi day events. And the way that I plan on doing it as I'm actually doing a model where I'm doing for one day events, that then lead to a single five day event. And we might do these once every month or so. But we might run these, like every week for a month straight to lead people to join the five day event. So one webinar a week, that then leads people to join a five day event. And these could be on four different topics, finding your niche right here, writing your offer copy for this one growing your email list developing your offer. But they all lead to this five day event about growing your coaching business with virtual events and webinars. And so that's what I found is these end up qualifying people better for one of these. You don't have to do this model. This is very complex and time consuming. And I have a staff right now that builds all this for me. But it took me almost six months to get to that place where I have a staff that builds these all out for me. And so we surpassed multiple six figures already. This is my model to get me to eight figures. So an eight figure model is just you just do more events. That's that's really it's like, it's so simple. How do you go from six to seven figures and then seven to eight, you just do more events more often. And you get more new people in front of you once you dial in that sales pitch.

[277:10] Speaker 2: Right? Ask on the back of all that. Your process over go for example, a five dive in? And as they're like, let's say hypothetically intake is for the end of the month, is it like a 72 hour period where you open the car, and then it closes again until next cycle? Or how does that

[281:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually? Yes, yeah, I would close it down for a couple of months. Yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah, I would close it down for a couple of months. And I only open it when it's kind of at the very end of the main presentation. So I'm only opening the cart to people that I know are ultra qualified. Now, you can then automate this even more, because we've gotten to where we can automate it to where like, I can pre record the session like I did last week, and have it play back. And then we do a VIP like this. That's the way that I'm working with my scheduled automated, it's not technically evergreen, because I'm doing it and it's new each time. My plan is in the summer and fall to get to where it is evergreen, and it's just an evergreen webinar or two that's running. But what I'm doing is I'm still testing what are the triggers? What are the points to mention? How and I'm basically writing my sales script each time that I do a virtual events. I'm, I'm tuning myself script, kind of like I'm tuning an instrument or I'm tuning a car, you know, it's I see it as like, this is this is a four cylinder race car, I prefer an eight cylinder racecar. But let's say this is a four cylinder race car. And so each time I can tune each cylinder just a little bit, and increase the amount of sales to the point where then I know that by Summer, Fall of 2023, I'll have these tuned down to where they're just going to be evergreen running. And I won't even have to show up for any of this. And it will just run on autopilot for me. But how do you get there? And I actually I'm going to stole this straight from what Russell Brunson says, if you do your webinar live for about a year straight, you'll get to the point where you can do at Evergreen. And so I was just like, Okay, let me try that. And so we've been doing webinars live for about six months now. And I can tell you, I'm about six months away from it being ready for Evergreen. And so it's like, that's really what it is, is just you do it live enough times every time I do it live or I pre record it and then launch it live because it's kind of the same energy. I'm tuning it just slightly just a little bit. And then I'm noticing my sales numbers are getting better each time. And the amount of money I have to spend on my ads is going down and so that's what I know my two Running is working. We made a mistake a month ago where I did an offer, and we got leads for like $3. But barely anybody showed up to the event. So I realized, okay, maybe that wasn't the right tuning that I did, let's go back to what was working the previous months. But it's all about kind of tuning that. And then once you get it to where you're like, Okay, I really liked this, that's when you go full evergreen, and you can launch it that way. And ultimately, here's what I here's what I see people do, when you go full evergreen, it's time to it's time to change your niche. It's time to go into another niche. Because now you can double your time you have that one running evergreen to fund this new niche over here. And that's how you get to nine figures. Which that's what my mom did with her. She went from marketing training to then she teaches the stock market. This is a totally different niche. That was she has both of them run side by side. But she had mastered this one side. And so then she went to the stock market side.

[335:41] Speaker 2: So sorry, one more question. I'll hand the reins over to someone else. I'm really curious about the pricing model you currently got. And in terms of the payment plan, and in particular, and so, yeah, a high ticket and MySpace and high ticket affiliate marketing, the attrition rate is unbelievable. And so if I've ever put out a payment plan, especially when it starts to get up to 300 month type, so it drops off after months, 123 types of and so I'm wondering, from a practicality experience, I noticed you didn't put a premium on it for starters, which I thought was interesting, but then

[345:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I will be this summer. Yeah, yeah.

[346:54] Speaker 2: You've probably probably in the works, I guess, what your experience has been up there. And I guess how you had to do,

[348:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. It's been great, because we're really, I, you know, I really believe that our program has some of the best courses and training and support for people. So a lot of people who join, they don't drop off. Um, because they really are getting way more value than they expected from the program. So that's one factor is if a program is not delivering a lot of value, you have that attrition. You can solve that just by delivering a ton of value to people in one sense, the other side that you solve it is you really work hard to repel the people that are not going to get results from it. And you repel the people that are probably going to drop off quickly. So I don't even tracked a lot of those people to even join anymore. Yeah. And so that solves both both of that. What's our attrition rate right now? We've been we've been running it since July. And I think it's about now it's about 90%. Stay on. That's

[365:44] Speaker 2: amazing. And they've stayed

[366:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: on since July. So yeah,

[366:36] Speaker 2: it might be more commensurate with my specific industry. And I think because I run a high ticket affiliate program, and so therefore a lot of it Yeah. Can we talk about who's who's getting sold into the program? Anyway, that's a appreciate your?

[371:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it is different. Because yeah, if I'm the one actually doing the sales pitch, I have more control over that. There's a sense to that. So this is where I, the way I see marketing and sales and business. This is just my philosophy on this. It's all leadership. And if I and if I'm leading my people, well, they're going to get results. If I have, if you, you may be able to solve some of that attrition by developing a sort of a program for your affiliates that they maybe have to go through and even helping them get better sales, things like that. Now if their goal as an affiliate is just to get a one time sale, that could be a little harder. It there's there's this is a way bigger conversation probably than we're ready to go into right now. But I'd love to I think there's some really cool stuff that we could dive into. When we when we talk in the program. Are you selling something that's over over 10 or 20,000?

[388:35] Speaker 2: I'm not at the stage. Now. I've got a 12k coaching.

[389:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. And are you doing financing?

[390:41] Speaker 2: Not at the moment? No, no, sorry, actually. Yes, sir. Sell finance as in it's 1000 bucks a month.

[392:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, in the US. I've used this partner coach financing and they've worked really well. Right. Okay. So basically people take out a loan with them. And they have a number of people that use them as well that are like the who's who of online marketing. You're somewhat of

[396:36] Speaker 2: a reluctance to go down that pathway only because in the MMO niche we've had Loeb and different partners kind of disappear overnight. So the FTC is not a massive And American history so sort of like, I don't want to push rock the boat so to speak.

[401:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah, no, that makes that makes sense. Yeah. This is how we were able to though with with Rick Pino when he did that million dollars in one month he was selling a 15k program and financed it to people. And so and so he got enough people in there in one month, I think it was like 80 people in one month. And they find it and 50% of them financed it through coach financing. And so And what's cool is you get paid the whole amount up front for that. So you get, you get paid the entire amount, the whole 15 grand up front. So that's kind of cool as you get, you get a big chunk of cash right away. And that's sort of like the high ticket, high ticket side of things. Um, I would say what I what I teach is more geared towards mid ticket, which is what like a 2k program a 1k is, but I think that that's a great place for people, if they want to make six figures or multiple six figures is selling a one to 2k program, you can really max that out, and then lead those people to attend a 20k program, the cream that rises off the top, the ones that are actually getting results, they're applying that, and you build an upper tier program, which will be having that coming here in the next couple of months as well. More of an upper tier program, right now I don't, I have my one on one coaching that I offer, which is 30,000. Um, I am considering possibly doing like a 30% discount on that down to like 20k for a month here soon. And then what I would do is I would offer people to use coach financing to get that to get some to get some time with me one on one. So that's my like high ticket offer is the one on one coaching. And but I don't push it very hard. I usually just push it when I really feel like it's time to and I haven't felt like it's time to yet. I'm a little bit different. When it comes to marketing, I do a lot of stuff more intuitively and a lot less logically, like somebody will like oh, you should push it because you get profit from it. I'm like, I don't if I don't, if I'm not feeling it right now, I'm probably not going to promote it. Like I gotta feel it. And then when I feel that I can go in there with this energy that's like laser focused and sell way better than just kind of going through the motions, that sometimes we got to discipline ourselves to go through the motions and, and putting offers out there can be that way. But I like to make sure if I'm selling high ticket that I'm that I'm ready to do that. So all right. Anybody else got any other any other questions here?

[445:28] Speaker 2: I can keep going? If

[446:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody else want to raise your hands? Let me know.

[448:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anything related to Oh, we got a couple here in the chat. It looks like ah, owners iPhone says I'm stuck on the word coach, want to develop my program? How do I manage expectations regarding the program when I think it's as a teaching? What do I tweak it to be a coaching curriculum? So there's two full do this. There's there's two fold to this one, I think that you can you can transition from a teacher into a coach over time. That's actually something that I've had to do. And because I started as I could only really teach people well, I was not a very good coach when I started. But I've gotten to be where I believe that I have a really good coach now. And I'm not just teaching people. And so how do you sell it as a coaching program you what I do is include teaching in the beginning, you have some teaching some trainings, and then you provide an opportunity for people to ask you questions, and then you ask questions back. And that becomes sort of the coaching aspect of it is the q&a and the interaction, as you're guiding people through that. As you do that more often you'll start to develop your coaching ability, study, how to coach people, because there's a way to do that coaching versus training versus consulting are three very sort of different things. Coaching is where you're really creating a dialogue back and forth. And it's led by the people that you're teaching. So a big part of it is now when you're coaching somebody, if I'm coaching somebody, it's not based off of what I want to teach them, it's actually based off of what my audience is asking me for help and guidance with. And so that I will take what I know, and I'll go study things, and I'll bring that to the table to help the whole group grow. So that's why the client growth accelerator is really cool. Because it's an ecosystem where everybody's being served based on what are they dealing with, where are they stuck to help everybody get unstuck? versus just me sharing what's on my mind at any given moment or two, you know, one is more I'm guiding a group. The other is more me just parroting ideas that I have that are in my brain, you can make some money parenting ideas you have. And I know there's a ton of people that do there's authors do that every single day. But you know, the amount of authors that go and become a New York Times bestseller is few and far between. There's a lot more people that can make six figures coaching than teaching, in my opinion, because the value of support and guidance is way greater than just providing information to people as being a support and accountability. Partner with them is how I view myself. I'm building my landing page right now, my question is, do you recommend building landing pages? For each of them? I have 15 program? Yeah, yeah. You don't want to build out 15 programs? Okay, you have a flagship program. You have a three, two. Okay. I gotcha. So yeah, cuz I have like 20 programs, right, I was actually planning on making just some micro landing pages for each of my programs. I haven't gotten around to it in six months, but eventually, I might later this month or the next month. But the idea is, I wouldn't promote those 15 different programs, I would just promote your your free offer that you have, and your main flagship program. And it's really, when you're promoting, you just want to promote one offer at a time, unless you have a promotion partner with you. If you have a promotion partner, they can promote another offer as well. So you could have the partner promoting one offer and you promoting one, let's say that you got two people in your company that are building together. But for most solo entrepreneurs, one free offer. And then at the end of that you promote the flagship, and you kind of just go back and forth between those two like that. All right, any any other questions here? Right now.

[515:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tiffany, and hey, everybody else, no need to be shy. There's no such thing as a stupid question. There's no such thing as oh, maybe this isn't the right place to ask that question. Honestly. You could ask anything even about offers mindset, finding your niche, landing pages, just anything that you're working with, you have me for the next hour. And so take advantage of that. It's funny, when we're actually in the program, I can't get people to stop asking me questions inside the coaching program, which is great. But whenever I first meet people, I find people are a little intimidated by coming up and asking questions. So I, I do understand that it can be scary and things like that. So if you want to, you can just post your questions in the chat as well. And I'll just answer those that way, too. All right, Tiffany.

[529:05] Speaker 1: Well, all of the above questions, but um, one that I had was how do you like, for free offers? Because I know I've been in your mom's world since like, 2013. And then that's how I found you. And so I just joined your client accelerator when you first opened up the zoo. So but I don't really have a free offer. I did have a free membership group. But I was not like energetically aligned with free groups anymore. So yes, I, I am not really sure what to offer for free other than the free, like Facebook Lives I do on my Facebook page, almost daily. I call those like free master classes, because I'm giving like powerful tips. So that's where I'm at, cool.

[543:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take whatever those free master classes are that you're doing, and put them behind something where people have to register and give you their name and email address. Okay, and then that becomes your free offers. Yeah, okay. Super simple answer, because you're kind of already doing the work right now. And so then what you do is you build you can build out a landing page based on what are you going to teach in that class. So that's what I'm doing is I'm doing these kind of micro master classes. And that's what I call my webinars, and I teach those to people. And then that gives me the opportunity when somebody is listening to that as I can make a sales pitch to my my program that I have. And so now free groups aren't really I know a lot of people love the free group saying I know like clients and community and Tanner chittister teach a lot about three groups and things like that. I haven't done much with the free group side of things because I know that you can do where you reach out to people and do things like that. But what I love is that if I I can run Facebook ads to get people to a presentation. And it's aligned with the exact person who is a good fit for my paid program is I can predict almost exactly down to how many registrations I get how many sales I will get as well. What I found is about 33% of the peep, the people who register for a VIP upgrade, for my five day intensive usually end up becoming so I, it's been consistent for the last six times we've done it, and I have 100 people in my VIP, I can count on 33 people being a paid coaching client that month. And it'll it'll it's been exactly like within 5% of that number, the last couple times we've done it, it's been that predictable. And what I love is I that's even without having any setters and closers. That's without any sales calls. Now I can add that to that for my high ticket. I haven't done that yet. We did do that with Rick Pino. But we still did the same model, where we did the virtual events. And then people had to apply. And then after they apply, they were basically sent a series of emails to actually pay on their own before they even interacted with anybody. Then two days later, if they still hadn't paid, they got a phone call. And that was with a salesperson that then close those people. And so it's like, they're not even getting a phone call until they've already applied for a 15k program. And so that, that lowers the amount of time that you need to like, personally interact with people. And I really subscribe to the Dan Kennedy model of really separating yourself from a lot of one on one interaction with people to where you make one on one interaction be way more valuable to people to where the time that they get to ask you questions like this is considered way more valuable than, say, joining a training or something like that. And you're able to automate your system to where you're not having to become the biggest thing that I hate is codependency I'm not a big fan of codependency and in the coaching industry, is this idea of working harder on your clients goals than they are. And so it's just for the lifestyle that I want to create, the amount of hours that I want to work and the amount of income that I want to make. I found that that model works out really well. There are other models where like you can you can set up sales calls and close people on sales calls and do that. And those are great. I just I haven't done them personally or nor do I teach those myself, I teach more the running the Facebook ads, writing the sales copy. And then running virtual events, as you call it, a masterclass that you're doing a virtual event is just some moment in time that has a date and time where people show up. And then you're giving a talk that's combined with a sales pitch. And then you have some mechanism on there where people get to interact with you and ask questions and tell you what their problems are. And so then you're able to filter those questions and problems back into your offers to get really laser focused in your sales copy.

[613:09] Speaker 1: Okay, that's where I'm at, like right now, because I've noticed that the My personality is more like setting things like on a calendar feels like a ball and chain. Okay, I'm getting better at like, oh, okay, maybe I should set these up to where people know, they can have access to me for free on this date and time, but not feeling the burden on my part. Plus, I want to catch more people's emails so and grow my email list

[622:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: is threefold to because you're going to serve people better and you're going to make way more money because they're going to actually commit to being there to listen to you. So I was the same way a brown feeling like it was a ball and chain to schedule my time and to commit to show up at a certain time as well. And do that and honestly, I found that that one thing limited me until that last year as that I was just I wanted to be more of a free spirit, go with the wind, do whatever you know, like that. But it wasn't making me the kind of money that I wanted to make in my business until I said okay, for my goals that I have for my family for my goals that I have for my income and for what I know that I need to do first off, I know that people that are successful, they have some kind of a structure that they use. Here's the cool part I had I had the advantage of working with. It was a great time when I was working with Rick Pino to build out his funnels. He was the one of the most free spirit go with the flow non scheduled out people I've ever met, but he did schedule in his Time for recording his content and his virtual events when people would show up. And that was about the only things he scheduled in. But those two things of marketing virtual events, two people scaled his business. And I'm like, I'm not even doing this in my own business, but I was doing it for him. And that's I had focused all of my time. For those of you that I mentioned this in the training, but I have been in the industry for 20 years, was working with my mom and growing her business. And then in 2018, I went off on my own, Rick became one of my main clients. So I focused about 20 to 30 hours of my week, on scaling his coaching business, to eight figures. And so that's where a lot of what I teach now comes out of what we did there. And now it's progressed, I've learned a whole lot in the last six months of growing this business. Right now, in the last seven months, we've hit $570,000 In sales, which is awesome, and I'm super thankful for. Whereas prior to August of last year, my coaching business was only making about 500 to $1,000 a month. And even though I was making six figures, running people's Facebook ads, writing their sales copy, that was time consuming, that was a ball and chain. And so I had to make a decision, I need to grow a coaching business that I know how to build for other people, I need to make myself a priority. And I need to make growing my business and impacting the people that I know that God's called me to a priority. And that's where I started the client growth accelerator. And it's just been an amazing, an amazing experience that I don't plan on slowing down anytime soon. Right now, I feel like I'm just now sort of getting in the ramp up stage of where things are going for this. And I see it as at least a three to four year run minimum, to really focus all my energy into helping people scale that my mission is to help create 1000 millionaire coaches. And I've said that since day one, but I know that the accelerator is a vehicle to do that. And we've had a number of people that have become multi six figure coaches already in there. And so now it's like, okay, what do we need to do to get you to seven figures, that's where I'm focusing all of my energy is helping people that come into my ecosystem, whether you join the program or not, if you follow my podcast, if you listen to my content, is to help you grow and make seven figures. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Jamie.

[681:58] Speaker 2: started to feel like I'm hogging the limelight a little bit here.

[682:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Nobody else is raising their hands.

[683:20] Speaker 2: So

[684:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: be greedy with the q&a. That's what I tell our coaching group. I'm like, I'm like y'all need to be greedy with what you got here. There's one lady I love her. She's watching right now, Elizabeth? Well, she asked the question like every day, and I'm like, some of them are questions like, Okay, I gotta I gotta take some time to answer this. I haven't even gotten to in two days. Elizabeth, I will be getting to your sales copy question here very soon. That's in the group. But she makes sure to ask questions. She's getting her money's worth. That's what I want everybody to do in our program, get your money's worth. All right. What was your question? Sorry? Well, I

[693:24] Speaker 2: said, Well, I apologize. I've actually got three. So I'm got a very similar model to the clients community, guys. Okay, cool. More around high ticket affiliate marketing. And so one of my questions, and I guess the appeal of this whole thing is a creative for me, or for our space, at least anyway, in Facebook, organic marketing, it creates a somewhat of a unique mechanism compared to what I'm currently doing, which is more of an evergreen triage style calls into proper strategy calls type stuff. And so where I get stuck in my own head is the disconnect between going. I'm selling this way. But I'm teaching that way, if that makes sense. So I got a very efficient Facebook group process and it works really, really well. But then if I'm selling that process in a different way, is there some sort of disconnected?

[708:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't think so. I have found I have found that to be the case, because I noticed a lot of the people who teach that way. Do it more the way that I do it, which is vice versa, you know, they are they combined goals, I think you can combine both. And that's really the ultimate model that you want to get to. I think it's great for people and it's a great model to get them to like six figures really fast. If they don't have any money to spend on ads and things like that. Here's That's a That's a deep question that you'll have to answer for yourself based on ethics is one thing. But what I would look at is how can you integrate what you're teaching with The model that that is running virtual events and doing that, because I think that that'll scale things further for you is to be able to sort of add on the back end, you could add a sales team for your high ticket stuff, and you could even sell a higher price program. With that. The other side of it is this is and here's something cool that you might not know, whenever somebody joins the client growth accelerator, I say this at least that once a week, I encourage people to actually rip off my content, and teach it to their people. I am probably one of the only coaches on the planet that is like rip me off, go teach it because here's the thing, if you join my program, you rip off my content, and then you go make a million dollars, who does that make look really good. That makes me look really good. It's like a win win for everybody. So so so take, you can even take some of what you're you will learn in the program. And you might be able to implement, implement that into what you're doing to teach people how to do webinars, how to do virtual events, and do some of that and even start to pivot towards teaching both sides of the model to people. Huh, yeah.

[738:30] Speaker 2: It's kind of where I was leaning. There was so yeah, I don't know why, but for some reason, I mean, I've been following you, man been falling around the interwebs for a couple of weeks, then go off. I just I like I like the model. And it appealed to me because it felt very. I know, you just You seem like a Boston person

[742:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: very laid back and genuine, is very genuine, as well, I think.

[744:09] Speaker 2: And I related very well to that, because I booked calls, but they like, usually we just have a big laugh. And then people just end up buying stuff. It's pretty cool. But yeah. So now the question on the back of that is, currently my program is Evergreen. And basically, I've left it that way, because I've got affiliates that promote it, which is awesome. And so I'm wondering if hypothetically the same I knock out a five day virtual event every month, for argument's sake. Do I then just put in the dances myself, but I'm just throwing it out there. When I get my affiliates to promote that one event. And then that's that's all their task is for the entire month or do I leave it leave the cart page open, so they can just promote it when they want.

[757:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could test that out probably see which one works best for you. It's funny, I got my start with online marketing. I dabbled in affiliate marketing for a little while I didn't do high ticket I did affiliate lead gen only. So it was like, you know, you get paid like $5 per lead. And I could send like, like I could get I can send like 2000 leads in a week with Facebook ads that way and made a whole bunch of money back in 2007. But like, the the the affiliate marketing side of things is interesting, again, because you got like you said you got the laws you got to deal with you got making sure that there's transparency with all that I would look at who else is out there. You might want to transition your affiliates to be up your affiliate program into a certification program.

[774:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: See here, you want to know where I came to that idea. Because the people that I know that we're doing affiliate that do five day challenges, they offer certification programs instead of affiliate programs is essentially the same thing. But what they're doing is they're teaching the main persons model running live events, and they're sort of coaching the model the people that way. And that they're they're paying a really high ticket to get a certification. That's really interesting. So so that might be it's kind of out of the box. It's a little different. But I might be talking about stuff that might work for you like six to 12 months from now. Yeah, but there might be something to explore is and you always I always look at like what are the what are the what are the big guys do like Tony Robbins, they always they have they have coaches that coach for them with their system. And so the way I see it as you might be able to implement that where you have like Junior coaches, that you're certifying with your program, and that becomes sort of your affiliate program and they can benefit off that.

[795:25] Speaker 2: So I'm just taking Sorry, I've time for one more reason. I feel like I'm just hogging all this time. Yeah,

[798:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me take Emily's question and then and then we'll see this one question here. Can you speak more about the emotional aspects of GPT? Four? Yes. I'll go into that after I take Emily's question here. Yes, I will. All right, Emily.

[802:09] Speaker 3: All right, Jeremiah, great to be on here with you. I know, I've followed you for quite a while now. This is exciting. Okay, so my question, you know, the one day event that you did last week, well, you actually touched on something that I think has been on my heart to start a coaching you know, or a business around because I my backgrounds in marketing and advertising, but I've been through infant loss, and, you know, faced abortion and stuff like that. So I actually have a nonprofit that a few women and I have founded faith based. And so that's where my heart is, is is to serve women. You know, counsel them, coach them, whether they've faced an abortion, you know what I mean? Or have gone through with one and so I don't, I don't know if there's something here. You know, you touched a little bit on it when you talked about

[817:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. Yeah. Okay, that is a niche that I have seen. A few people touch on. What it is, is it goes into kind of like the grief counseling niche a little bit. And it goes into the and so what you might look at as what are the different actually, let's just this is this is actually where I would love like chat GPT can brainstorm stuff for us. So for instance, you said I'm considering starting a coaching program around the what did you call it? Infant

[827:04] Speaker 3: why I personally experienced infant loss but I you know, I was advised to have an abortion we chose not to. So yeah, infant loss niche. women experiencing unplanned pregnancy, that's what our nonprofit is so. And I know it's heavy, you didn't mean to bring the tone? Oh, no.

[832:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's so we're that and then we do. grief counseling niche. So then here's where I would ask this generate 20 possible other sub niches around grief counseling. That could be turned into a mentoring or coaching program. Perfect. Okay. There's so this is kind of staying on that same lane a little bit. Yeah, totally. network error.

[845:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: GPT didn't like what we're doing.

[846:26] Speaker 0: To sensitive topic. Only one message at a time. Okay. It looks like we froze it or something happened. So okay, no worries. But yeah, and something that then I look at is you're dealing with you got the

[850:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: shame research. If you study, I know Brene Brown is like the leading sort of person and around shame, research, grief, like sort of covers that, but she covers it, from a more of a bird's eye view, is sort of like a niche version of some of the content that like Brene, brown teaches, of helping people not feel powerless to where they might, you know, dare to do things that they haven't done before reclaiming their life after loss or grief, things like that. That's a very important much needed, okay. And each in fact, and and like, another sub niche, not I'm not saying they're the same thing, but it's like, if somebody loses their job, it triggers the brain and the body and the heart. Similarly, again, I'm not saying infant loss and job loss, right. Like that. I get it. But but the council you would give to somebody would share similarities around some sort of like grief counseling in those ways. So

[869:29] Speaker 3: that's, that's so good. And I love you actually said something that just sparked something. So that's, you said, it's not worth hearing money. Yeah. No, that's it's it may be one of those topics, I don't know. But just even mentoring. I think that's because I've thought How do I coach? You know what I mean? I mean, I've had the experience and I'm 10 years out like I've gone on to have twins after that. And so that's part of the God's story too. But I love the idea of mentoring coming alongside other women either currently going through this or having just come out of that. So that's awesome. Thank you.

[879:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is actually leads me to do To another great question. If listen up Chad GBT doesn't work. I use Jasper. So what are 20 other words for coaching or mentoring? This is what I use and I'm creating a course all look at tutelage training, instruction guiding, teaching, directing support, counseling. So you could you could borrow from any of those right there. Okay. Yes, there will be a recording of this session in Okay, cool. Let's ask Jasper. Its thoughts on this. By the way Jasper seems to be uncensored with a lot of what it gives Okay, coping with an unplanned pregnancy, supporting infant loss dealing with guilt building resilience after loss, developing resilience around pregnancy, let's say let's go bigger picture and identify 20 other niches not related to infants for pregnancy. That borrow a similar concept. See if this works, it might not though. Okay, overcoming now yeah, that's not very good. Like that output.

[901:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hideous here again. Hey, Kitty, kitty. Yep, can't Yeah, there you go. Yeah, as another one. Yep. Um, so yeah, so these are different, just like this is going real deep into like, different loss of a child. Yeah, grief after adoption. And would

[907:20] Speaker 3: it be? Would it be of interest? Would it be of interest to like my specific situation, our son had a complication, medical term wise called bilateral renal a Genesis. So he literally failed to develop kidneys? Oh, yeah. You know, and so then there was no amniotic fluid, no lung function. So that's he wasn't viable. We still carried him to term and he passed away at birth. But would it be worth it to, like, super niche down with that, you know,

[915:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: after neonatal death? Yeah. Okay, that's awesome. So now I'm really curious if it can if it can take take my other question. This is where GPT four is a little more. So career transition, coaching, divorce and separation support. Chronic Illness support. So the idea is any sort of loss of the what I call it as loss of vision. Loss of imagine imagined future? Yes, that's exactly. People have an imagined future, whether it be with a pet, caregiving, illness, career. All of that people need guidance and coaching on how to transition into the the new stage of their life, if we understand just the that, like life events happen. What you're dealing with is you're dealing with a market where they thought their life was gonna go this way, and then it got derailed and went this way. Yeah, but they're really attached to this right here, and need help, sort of blending the two together and healing, that loss that they had. And that is a huge niche that has a great need. And if you're, if you have a passion for that, A, you can make money around helping those people with that. And you'll really have an incredible impact on people's lives, too.

[939:31] Speaker 3: That's awesome. That's awesome. Thank you so much. Jeremiah had lots of good notes and have to watch that again, too. Awesome. Thank you.

[941:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks. All right. So she said, can you speak more to the emotional aspect of GPT for the prompts as that are only available in GPT? Four? Okay. So what it is, is, it's just a better trained AI that has more information. And so it's able to process more complex stuff. I'm not I'm not like, I don't want to explain this super, like big for people. But if you understand how a neural network works. So a neural network is basically it's a method of artificial intelligence that's inspired by the way the human brain actually connects itself together. And so the way that these AI tools are working as they're developing sort of these neural nodes that correlate information to each other, so the original chat GPT, three, didn't have as many neural nodes as GPT four does. And so GPT four is able to process information way better, and process more complex things, which in turn, means There's a there's a more emotional layer to it. And so it's that's more of a bigger conversation about like how AI is developing everything and AI is developing towards the idea of, of advanced general intelligence to where you basically have AI that is a clone of the way the human brain works. And so GPT, four is closer to that than say, GPT. Three was GPT. Three is, again, it's still not very smart. And we have to realize this. It's only replicating information. So the way that these neural networks are built, is it takes all of the internet, and then it's trained through a way of restrictive training, kind of like how you would provide a reward to the algorithm, or you would take away sort of a reward punishment type of a thing, how do you punish an AI? Well, you just tell it like this wasn't correct, okay. And so it deletes that node from there. And it starts to focus on what is more correct. And so by doing that, the AI starts to get better and better and understand what is accurate. And what is not. The limitations of these AIs is that they're not connected to the internet, to where they're not actually reading factual information, such as news articles, and what's happening right now. And they're just modeled off of all of the information that's out there on the internet. And this is going beyond just text. This goes into filmmaking, this goes into movies and graphics, I was just watching, there's an anime that was developed using stable diffusion. And it it's, it's a beautiful motion picture film, that looks like a movie that you would expect to see. But it was developed with AI, they basically filmed themselves against a green screen, and created this movie. And so there's just, we're in a sort of moment in time, where artificial intelligence is getting more accurate to how humans produce creativity. The problem is, it's not as good as us. And so how do you make that better? Is you correct it? As if the AI produces a result? That is not what you want? You correct it? And you say, No, that's not accurate? Can you make that more about this topic? Or can you make that more about that topic? So for instance, that's how we can dive deeper and deeper and deeper, like right here, we can develop a sales letter off of any of these topics. And what I could do is I could correct with this as is, can you recreate this list around specifically, the topic of loss and overcoming loss to transition and live a more powerful life, generate a new list of 20 niches for coaching and support. Hair loss of a dream or goal, finding new purpose overcoming grief after a divorce. Okay, and so then this is where if you take this list right here, you would pick one of these, or two of them. And that becomes such as a niche that you could use for your sales letter, then you have generate some sales copy, and you start to dive into what are the the so this goes into? That's why I always refer back to this book right here. The Ultimate Sales Letter with Dan Kennedy is asking these very specific questions. It's in chapter one, which is called the clay from which we mold. Emily's got the book right there, the clay with which to mold the very first step one, if we read through step one of this book, it says you want to get into the customer. Okay? So this is really the most important aspects of getting the AI to actually write sales copy that works that is emotionally connecting, is making sure that you actually understand who you're connecting with. Okay, so you got to get into the mind of your target client. And it's these 10 questions that are really helpful to do that these 10 questions. Let me see if I can pull them up right here. These 10 questions, what keeps them awake at night? So these are all related to feeling and emotion notice the the bolded words specifically, what keeps them awake at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are they frustrated with? What trends are occurring that will occur? In their business or lives? What are they secretly in ardently desire, is there a built in bias that they have about making their decisions? You know, for instance, if I'm marketing to conservative Christians, I'm going to talk very differently than I would say to a new age manifestation group. Very different. That goes, number eight, do they have a unique language unique words that they might use? Who else is selling similar products to them? And who else has tried to sell products and has failed? And so by answering those questions, it's really able to dive deeper into those emotions. Now, there's other questions that you can ask. And this is what I love to do with chat GBT. Let's just pick one of these topics right here

[1052:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: spiritual crisis coaching because that's a real deep one. source for Okay, let's actually started new one GPT four. If I if I wanted to start it's funny, I use chat GPT on my phone more often, because I can actually dictate straight into it what I'm saying. So I ended up talking to it while I'm going for walks, and I'm able to do it much quicker I don't have the voice to text here on my computer right now. So I need to actually figure out how to do that. If I wanted to start a coaching program around what would be a list of 10 specific problems and pain points that a person who would sign up for this would have after making this list also detail out 10 specific emotional triggers that might get this person to purchase a coaching program. Loss of faith and spiritual disconnection they might feel disconnected from religious affiliation, existential questioning feelings of isolation, they might feel isolated from friends and family life transition they might lead to a divorce or career change it could trigger that anxiety and depression lack of guidance so this is part of my process that I use when we actually write sales copy as I start to do some research into what is the emotional psychology that the person that I'm working with what are they dealing with? What are the what are they struggling through? And AI is great and you can play around with the AI to answer these questions. Poop let's take this right here

[1086:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: and pain pain points I'll change the command make a list of emotional triggers. Okay, list of 10 specific emotional triggers that might lead them someone experiencing lists to purchase a coaching program you're making me look bad JpT for that's funny

[1095:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: urgency for resolution not waiting too long to make a change in their life the hope for healing so these are emotional drivers that would drive somebody to actually purchase fear of isolation. So the idea will be highlight the risk of continuing to feel isolated and disconnected. Okay, so if we take this into here emotional train, I know there's only three but we can use those. So I could do is I can say write a sales letter for a free webinar about and I'm just feeding its own answers into it. Use the following pain points and emotional triggers

[1110:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: are experiencing a deep sense of disconnection, confusion, like you've lost your spiritual compass you're not alone. In a fast paced, ever changing world it's not uncommon to encounter this crisis. Guiding individuals through a spiritual crisis helping them redefine their beliefs. Okay, so there's that I'm not liking it because I would like to get more specific as to what may be their specific spiritual background was and what their goals are because that's what's missing from this is their goals. A lot of this I walk you through in the courses that are in our members area and the accelerator is diving deeper into some of this. But this is just kind of how we get started doing that. So we could do generate a list of 10 possible goals or a future outcome someone could experience after this program

[1127:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: they just launched this today. So reached rediscovering and strengthening their spiritual connections, enabling them to find inner peace, developing a strong spiritual framework, possibly finding a network of people that they can work with overcoming fearing feelings of isolation, creating new connections with like minded individuals. So then these could be sort of what the outcome of the coaching program could be, as you sort of build that around that. And so that's really just going on a journey with the AI, the GPT, four, or the GPT. Three, to answer those questions. What are those emotional drivers and really discovering what maybe you don't know already? In that process? Okay. All right, Jamie, you had your hand raised?

[1140:58] Speaker 2: Might be a long winded answer that I'm after, but, so I used to run ads professionally. And so I had my little agency, and then Facebook went and knocked me back to the Dark Ages. So I've been relying on organic. Okay, if it's for quite some time,

[1145:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm telling you these ads are working like they used to today, if you haven't ran them in a while.

[1147:06] Speaker 2: It's not that I haven't ran them. It's just that they, they smited me back to the dark ages that were banned from all Adekunle. I got across myself. And I've pleaded because obviously running is professionally, you. You're pretty well across the teeth on what your niche

[1152:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: is. Can you can you create an account that's in somebody else's name? Or hire somebody else's agency, but basically, you get to run it through their UI and one way around? ways around? It

[1156:26] Speaker 2: might be a topic to take offline, perhaps? Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. Okay. Yeah, I hadn't thought about that actually. Come with me when I was eight.

[1159:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: When was the last time they banned you? Because I've been banned like six times before to myself, so

[1161:04] Speaker 2: I got fit up was 2020. And I was

[1161:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. Yeah, you should be you might be okay to make a new business manager. It's been three years, just make one. Maybe you have a different credit card, a different company, LLC, or name or some corporate structure, and that maybe you could have somebody else be on the card itself. And so it's literally it's not you running the ads, it's them. And that will be a way around that that they could, you know, now depends on what your what you're actually offering if you're offering something that goes against their actual guidelines.

[1170:07] Speaker 2: I was pretty, pretty compliant. I'll be honest, I was where T's were crossed. My eyes were very much taught. Okay. Yeah.

[1171:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: They banned me about six months ago, and then they I contacted somebody, they're like, Oops, that was a mistake. So. Okay. So then they're like, just make a new account. We're sorry. That was literally the official Facebook guidance to me six months ago.

[1177:37] Speaker 2: Oh, follow soon. Okay. Yeah,

[1178:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was funny. Yeah, I was like, I was like, Okay, what did I do wrong? And they're like, nothing. And they're like, we just we sort of blanket banned a bunch of people, and you got hit with it. So. And so I made a new account. And we've been running ads, no problem since then. So

[1182:41] Speaker 2: we'll give it a shot.

[1183:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Mary, is Mary still out here? Yes. I just started and I don't have an offer yet. I won't be starting with $1,000 offer? Of course, maybe around 200. Will it help me now or? No? No, it'll definitely help you whether you got to $100 offer $1,000 offer a $500 offer. One thing that I noticed that a lot of people that are in our accelerator are doing as well is they're they're running sort of this like $500 offer range. I'll say this, it's very hard to make a profit on a $200 product. With Facebook ads, it's very difficult to because you'll end up basically spending the same amount that you made back from it. And so $500 seems to be arranged where you can make a profit. That seems to work out well. But the the 203 $100 range, it seems to like that's why I said this in the original in the other training Last week, anything that's under $300, I see it as a marketing tool to your next level program. So I might run a free event. And then I might mark it a $7 VIP or a $47, VIP or a $97. VIP. And then I got a couple options, I can sell people straight to a 2k program. Or I could sell them to a $300 program that basically is another it's kind of a break even. But it builds trust with people even more. And it's sort of a stair stepper right there, I plan on doing that as well, later this year, possibly next year, is okay, we have my $2,000 a year program. But I might have a $300 that I know as a loss leader, that its intention is not to make me money, it's just to build even more trust with people, and to really dial in a market of people that are willing to spend 200 or $300 with me, but in my experience running Facebook ads, it's very hard to make any profit margin at the 200 to $300 range. And so I would use sell your $200 product. But then at the end of it, and we did this with with Rick Pino for about two years. Before we went to the other the model that I taught last week, I'll explain what I mean by this. One, it was the model that we did two years ago, we sold a $97 class. And that didn't make him any money. But on the back end of it, we sold a $300 per year coaching program. And then on the back end of that they were sold $1,000 course, and then another $1,000 course. So the idea was we went from three to $97, that didn't make any money, the $97 actually lost money every single time. And but then we were able to make twice our money back selling the $300 coaching program from the 97. So it's the value ladder. And then the real profit margins came in at $1,000 product and the $2,000 product. Here's another thing for you that I might and I challenge everybody with this is inflation is a real thing. And inflation is affecting everybody. And so what maybe you would have sold us a course for $200.04 years ago, is is now considered a $500 course today, what maybe you would have sold for $500.02, three years ago, is $1,000. Today, what you would have sold for $2,000.03 years ago is a $5,000 today. So inflation, you got to include the market of inflation and there because that's what the expectation is, here's what here's what's unfortunately happens is, if you cheap out on what you're actually selling to people, you're going to also attract a group of people that is not very fun to work with or coach. And so that's what I found is that the cheaper the access is, the lower quality the people are. So that's why like I will do these events, and then I'll have a VIP like this. But I don't have anything else up until you join my main program. I just there's psychological triggers when people spend a certain amount of money with you, they're more committed, and they're more committed to taking action. And so what I've actually found for myself is that raising my prices, helps me attract people that I know that I can get results with and that I don't have to babysit, that I don't have to spend a lot of energy working harder on their goals than they're willing to work on them. Okay, so that's a side conversation. We talk a lot about that in the client growth accelerator as well as just making sure to not cheap out yourself to not devalue yourself. And really what it is, is this, whatever we sell our programs for. It shows our level of boundaries that we have in our lives. Because what it is is my boundary for my coaching and I had somebody write me today and say, you know, I just don't think your program is worth $2,000 Great. It's it's not to that person. They don't see the value in it. But my boundary is this that nobody gets access to me at that level without paying two grand A year. Okay. And so my belief in myself and respect for myself, is to not be the cheapest option. Because I'm not trying to be all things to all people I'm focusing on who can I get the most results with, and honoring the goals that I have for myself, the standards that I have the vision that I have for my life, and and the mission that I'm on requires me to not devalue myself. I was devaluing myself two years ago. You know, I sold multiple courses for like, 47 $97. They were amazing courses. And I could, I could barely make enough money to pay the Facebook ads on them. And I was like, but I want to help these people with this $97 course, nobody was taking my stuff seriously till I started actually charging what it was, what the content was really worth. And to be honest, I'm still under valuing it at $2,000 in the accelerator, it's undervalued as to what people get, in my opinion. So what did I do wrong with my Facebook ad, that caused the price to jump from showing it to 800 people and only showing it to six, okay. The ad hit what's called ad fatigue. People started seeing the same ad over and over again, and they stopped responding. And so Facebook stopped showing it to people at that point, they weren't responding and giving you whatever your action was. And so they they throttle you down in that. And so it shows twofold is that the offer wasn't as interesting to people as well. And if the offer was interesting to people, and it was working, you might need to shift up, change up your creative, you might need to change your your landing page, your headline, whatever your hook is that you're using. So like, for me, I can use four different hooks. Starting your coaching business from scratch, growing your coaching business with paid advertising, grow growing your email list, step by step, launching your coaching offers. So those are four different hooks, that all lead to my client growth accelerator. But if I just try running one of them only it started actually limits the amount of people that I can reach. So that's why I will rotate through the different hooks that I know attract the right clients for me as well. Okay, am I able to bring offers I've already created? Yes, absolutely. You can bring those in there. And we can work on them. The if the offer, I'll say this. I'm in the accelerator. I don't I don't sugarcoat it, I am very empathetic with people and where they're at on their journey. I don't ever try to be mean. But I may come across and say something that might like, just because I might lack context. And so sometimes what I have had happen is people bring yes and direct. What I have had people bring offers they've already had to the table. And I'm, there's a reason it's not selling the way they want it to. And so I might point that out. And it might challenge a belief that you have. So just realize that everything that it said, because I want to help you grow and succeed. And so it's my job is to challenge your beliefs. They'll challenge your beliefs about about how you price things, challenge your beliefs about how you're framing it, challenge your beliefs about what motivates you, what's stopping you, how you manage your time, how much time you're putting into things, I don't want you working 40 To 60 to 100 hours a week. Like that's important to me. Now, if you want to work that much you can like that's up to you. I am not needing everybody in the program to like, agree with me. Otherwise, it would be a cult. So I'm not going to do that. I'm not starting a call.

[1343:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have a lot of people that like have very different beliefs like on the wide range of the spectrum and there. But what I will do is I will give advice where I know that the advice is important. I say that because I've been a part of some coaching programs that turned into basically these cults where like you had to obey the leader and it was like just No, no, thank you. Like, I grew up in that crap in the church I grew up in and that's just not something that I want to be a part of. But what I will do is I want to help this is my mission to help coaches and mentors make as much money as possible. And so everything that I teach will be from the aspect of of revenue first. Impact second, but the impact follows the revenue because once you hit those revenue goals, your impact will surpass where it was previously. And so the reason why I go revenue first impact second, is because it's not that we're not impacting people. It's not that we're not providing value. You, but it's just you have to treat this as a business, you have to treat this as a business that makes money so that you can spend money on Facebook ads that you can hire people to work with you to automate things so that you can actually create something that you can that can run itself that you can walk away from. There's a lot of great coaches out there that will teach you how to coach in a impact first direction. And most people, this is where I've had a lot of people come at me and tell me that what I teach is on ethical and moral and terrible is because I'm revenue focus first, not impact focus first. The reason why is this because I know that if you can increase your revenue, your impact will grow. But you need to do certain mechanisms to increase that revenue. And that's the type of client that I have. So everything that I teach will be based on how can you bring in the most amount of revenue overall. So I might say, Okay, you might want to tweak that sales, look, that sales copy. And then you might come back and say, Well, I wouldn't normally say it that way. Or I don't know if my clients will respond that way. And so then we could have a dialogue and say, Okay, what makes you think that they won't respond that way? Well, they they've never responded that way in the past? Well, have you tried it recently? Well, no. Okay. I think that if you do, it might bring in more revenue, and nine times out of 10, it usually does bring in more revenue for the person, but they might get some a hate mail because of it. And so that's really what it is, as the person is trying to avoid getting hate mail, because they changed their hook a little bit in a way that was more revenue driven. And the truth is, if you're going to make a quarter of a million to a half a million dollars a year, $1,000,000.10 million dollars a year, the more money you make it a coaching business, the more haters you're gonna get, the more rude people you're going to, no matter how much you serve people, no matter how ethical you are, no matter how much integrity you have, you're just gonna have that happen. It's just part of the process. Okay, so I love it. I love helping people make money. That's what lights me up, is helping people succeed wildly in their finances. And so if you're considering jumping in again, the doors closed tonight, at midnight, I won't be opening them up again for a couple more months. Don't wait. I'd love to see you in there. It'd be great to have you. So thanks, everybody who's been asking the questions on here. Yes, there will be a recording of this in your members area that you will be able to access. And for those of you that are in the accelerator, tomorrow, we have a fast start training that we're going to be doing the Fast Start Training is to help get you on the fast track to getting results. Every time we open the doors. I do it's basically it's this onboarding call that helps you get on boarded based on what's working right now. What's going to work right now cutting edge for you, and we'll be able to dial in and dive in for your specific business. We're going to take two hours together. We're gonna be doing that tomorrow afternoon as well. That will also be recorded. I'll see you all in there. We'll talk soon. Have a good one.

