Grow Your Coaching Program with Paid Advertising
Date: 2023-01-14T19:19:48.000Z
Duration: 137 min
Otter ID: L0NevhLb-1JoRUezvE1zp34gwxw
---

[151:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello hello what is up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome today WUI man, I am excited to be here with you how many of you are excited to be here? How many of you are excited to be here on this Saturday morning? This is incredible. Listen, my new babies here. I those y'all that have kids, you know like when when a new child comes into the world it's like you You don't get very much sleep. So I'm on the new daddy sleep schedule. And so what's kind of cool is with that being a new parent, I find it's made me a little bit softer, a little bit kinder, a little bit more gentler in some ways in other ways I'm, I'm more confident, I honestly have no doubts in my ability to bring value to you. I know that I know that I know that if you're on here today, and you're a coach, or you want to be a coach, as the promise was on the page, is that I want to show you how to make a realistic 10 to $30,000 per month, using paid advertising to attract ready to buy clients into your coaching programs. And so again, as I mentioned, this is not for direct sales businesses or network marketers. This is not for E commerce. This is not for marketing agencies, either. You could use some of what I teach for that. But honestly, if you're in that category, you're not gonna get much value out of this training today. Okay. And so that's what I'm going to go over and I'm going to talk about with you is the nuts and bolts of using paid ads using Facebook ads, Instagram ads, Tiktok ads, to get people into your coaching programs. Okay, so before I go into that, those of you I haven't met yet, my name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And I've been in the online marketing and sales space, the internet marketing space for last 19 years, exclusively in the coaching, course creation, training and mentorship space was actually pretty cool. A lot of people were like, Oh, this is like the trendy business model. Now I'm like, I've been in this business model this industry, this niche. For the last 19 years, I got my start actually working with a trainer with a mentor, that this is how I discovered what coaching was, her name is Danny Johnson. And you can actually go through some of the some of the archive.org information over over at her her website, you can find some, some really old photos of me back back in the day, 19 years ago, which is pretty cool. If you go through the archive here. I'm not going to bore you with the details of doing that. But you can go all the way back and you can look at that and you'll find my face on there filming and and creating and helping create the courses that we sold on DVDs. So for instance, back then it was all done on DVDs coaching and training. And then some of you might also know me from working with my mom, Sandy Krakowski. My mom and I we built her business over $20 million. And now today it's almost hitting nine figures, which is absolutely incredible. And throughout this time, throughout the past couple of years, while working with my mom and working in my own business working with one of my my other clients, Rick Pino with his brand at worship coach.com We went in and helped him build that to over a $10 million per year. I'm over a million dollars a month in sales coming through helping people learn how to write and sing and produce worship songs, which is absolutely amazing. using paid advertising to get all the clients. Okay, so I say this to say all that, that my experience is I've been in this industry for 19 years, I've immersed myself in everything of how do you succeed, as well as how do you fail? I'm kind of the type where, if you know about the Colby score, it's called the fact finders. And and I like to prove things both wrong and right. I'm an I'm an experimenter. I like to be pouring stuff in the kitchen and testing stuff out to see what works and what doesn't. And so oftentimes, I will test something out that I might not be sure if it works, just to be able to come and share with my audience, what's working and what's not. And right now we have a group coaching program that we run called the client growth accelerator. By the way, I'm not going to sell you anything on this training today, which is awesome. You know, sometimes you hop on trainings like this, and they're like, hey, like, we're, you know, we're gonna teach you a little bit over here, but then we're gonna bait and switch and sell you something over here. I got nothing to sell you. I'm just coming right out the gate to tell you what I do for my business and what's helped my wife and I bring in over $500,000 in sales in the last five months. That's half a million dollars in sales average $100,000 a year. month. And prior to that, prior to the last couple of months, let me just flip back here. We were not doing more than $500 per month in coaching and how many, you know, $500 a month is not enough to live off of pretty much in any country around the world. How many you know that, that like, even $1,000 a month that might help supplement your income, but like, that's not a business. That's more of a hobby. Okay. Now, how many of you know that $100,000 per month in sales? Now, that's a business. That's a coaching program. That's, that's what I would call successful right there. Okay. So how did I go from $500 a month, $1,000 a month, up to $100,000 a month. And, and, sure. Case in point, I've been, I've been in this industry for a long time, I have a lot of experience. But I had to work through a certain level of things, both mentally spent the last two years working with a therapist working through my mindset issues, training my brain to function in a disciplined manner. I have, I have a brand new baby here, baby sleeping right now, mom just got done feeding. And so I'm excited because I'm here with you, based off of the way that I've structured my life, I've designed my life to be whatever it is, that I want it to be. I've structured my life, to where the priorities in our life are our business, and providing for the family, and building an incredible lifestyle, while only working five to 10 hours a week from home. And so that's what I'm going to show you here today is how we've done that, and how we've gotten all of our clients and how we've grown all these coaching businesses, and how we've helped my mom grow her business and Rapinoe. And, and how we've grown my business using paid advertising. Every single client in our business comes through paid advertising, and I want you to just imagine something for a second here with me. Okay, can you just imagine something for a second? I want you to pick a number, it needs to be between 10,030 1000. Okay, if it's 10,000, that's great, but it needs to at least be 10,000. If you can't imagine yourself making $10,000 a month in a coaching business. That is the place to start is is to realize that these businesses not only make way more than $10,000 a month, but that you don't need to be super tech savvy, you don't need to have a big following. You don't need to be an expert salesperson. You don't need to have ran an ad before. You don't need to be grinding on the direct messages all day long. Using slimy sales tactics. I am the anti sleazeball slimy sales guy, there's too many of them out there in the in the business. There's too many of them out there in the industry. So what you're gonna get from me is you're gonna get authenticity, you're gonna get what's working right now. And you're gonna get connected with somebody that can help you succeed. Here's my promise to you. If you're connected with me, and you're on here today.

[302:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's no reason for you not to succeed in a coaching business. There's no reason for you not to be able to make 10 to $30,000 per month. In a coaching business. There's just not the only reason I mean this truthfully, listen, I know we maybe we just met, maybe you've never heard anything from me before. You're like Jeremiah, you don't know my situation. Trust me on this. I've worked with 1000s of coaches and mentors. And I've heard just about every story on the planet, and I know yours is unique. And that uniqueness is what is going to drive people to buy from you. But I want to say this, every single person who's on here today can make 10 to $30,000 per month in a coaching business. You can make that much running paid advertising, using the system that we talk about and I don't I'm not a big fan of one on one coaching. Can I just get that out of the way here? One on one coaching is a big fat waste of time. We were Making 500 to $1,000 a month doing one on one coaching and selling courses. About 12 grand a year doing that. Not that much, right? Like I want you to, I want you to like realize that most coaches and course creators only make about 500 to $1,000 a month. Why is that? Because they don't know what I'm going to show you here today. Because they don't know how to get the ball rolling in their favor. And they're playing an uphill battle against honestly forces that are working against them. I'm not talking about like spiritual forces or anything like that. I'm talking about technological forces. Okay. There's there's new technology out right now that uses artificial intelligence that all of our clients are using to help give them a cutting edge advantage over everybody else. Online. And before you think well, AI is confusing, it's not anymore. It's not an AI has become a part of our everyday life. Artificial Intelligence is actually how we run paid advertising. We create an ad that then taps into the AI of the social media platforms, Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, it taps into the AI that's running in the background, to show your ads to the people that are most likely to become a paid client of your group coaching program. And before you think that group coaching is difficult, I'll tell you this, it's way easier than doing one on one. Because you only have to show up once a week, an hour a week. That's it. In my group coaching program, I show up an hour a week with our group. And I do a live copywriting day once a month. And currently the enrollment isn't even open right now for my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator. This is to help people get on the fast track to making six and seven figures in the coaching course business, to where they get access to me to come alongside them to help them build that business where I train you up in sales and marketing and coaching, and how to create courses and how to run your Facebook ads and how to set up the artificial intelligence how to create offers that people want, how to run live events like this one that attract people and get people to join your coaching program, copywriting training, Facebook ads funnel building, I walk you through building a funnel, using Squarespace. using Squarespace to build your landing pages, one of the most cost effective systems that you can use out there, it's less than $30 a month to use Squarespace. And I walk you through that. In my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, we got mindset coaching, Tiktok, ads, email marketing, easy course creation, blueprint transformational coaching, social media ads that work, it's another core, social media ads course, social media content creation for organic content website building. And I actually just started these this past week, I just need to update the page here. But you're gonna find here right now, actually, the last couple of weeks, we started them successful selling for people who struggle to sell. This is a course that my private clients get were three lessons in now. And they get access to this course to help them become better at selling as well. How do you become better at teaching and speaking and communication? We got courses on that. And that's what I coach people in. In our client growth accelerator. We're getting massive testimonies from people that are in here, people making five and 10,015 $1,000 a month in their coaching business that just started with us that started right where you are right now on a training like this. Okay. So again, if you're somebody that's watching this, like I said, I'm not going to sell you on anything, but I would highly encourage you to get on the waiting list for my client growth accelerator. We don't know when we're going to open the doors to this again. But when we do you will be the first person to hear about it. Okay. And so get on the waiting list for that or if you're on our email list, you'll you'll probably get let known on the email list as well. Okay. And we get every single one of our clients that's how we made it half a million dollars in sales $100,000 per month in sales is through that client growth accelerator program. Those of you wondering like what do we charge for something like that it's less than three $1,000 a person, it's less than $3,000 a person for the entire year of access to coaching with us. Okay. And we get every single one of those clients through paid advertising. So, here's what I need you to do. Before we go any further though, as I need you, to visualize yourself, I want you to close your eyes. And imagine yourself making $10,000 a month. You may be watching this right? Like I need you to pay attention. This is actually one of the most important parts of this training right now. This is one of the most key parts of what I'm going to share with you about how to grow a coaching business is visualizing and seeing it happen. I want you to see yourself running a group coaching program, making 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month or more. How does that feel inside of you? For some of you, you might feel nervous or scared, others are excited. Some of you are like I want to make way more than that others you're like, Man, I couldn't see myself making 3000 a month, let alone 10,000. Wherever you're at, I'm here to tell you you're in the right place today. You're in the right place today. And I truly believe that each one of you is here, for a reason listening to me talk right now. You want to make money, you want to grow a coaching business, you're just getting started running paid ads. First thing I'm going to invite you to do is if you haven't yet you're watching this on Zoom, or you're watching the recording, make sure to jump into the Facebook group right here. Make sure to jump into the Facebook group. And check out the pre trainings that we're posting in the group. Check out the different pre trainings, where I actually go through different topics with you of what to say in the paid ads. What platform should you use for running ads, how to not lose money, when you run ads, and more training. There's there like these little 10 minute trainings that are right there in the Facebook group that you can check out and you can watch. And you can go through those to be able to grow and learn more of how we create ads that convert to sales. So the first thing is this, okay? You need to actually have an idea of a coaching program or a course, or a mentorship of some kind, or a training program, right? That can be interchangeable, where you gather a group of people in front of you. Let's say the goal is is 50 people if you're just starting out. And your goal was 500 people in the first in your first year, you'll add 50 people a month. How's that sound? If you got 50 new people a month into a group coaching program. And and you might say, well, I don't know how to structure my group coaching or just relax. I know sometimes like that might trigger you me saying relax, but like, just hear me out, okay? You don't need to have it all figured out right now. You don't need to have every single step of how you're going to do this figured out right now. This is one of the number one things that I actually help my clients realize is this is you have a lot more time than you think you do.

[460:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And patience is such a valuable, important aspect of being successful. Building an Online coaching business. If you're somebody who's here today, looking for a get rich quick scheme. I'm sorry, but you're in the wrong place. Okay. Somebody who thinks they know how to do all this already. This isn't for you. Somebody who thinks that everything should be given away for free and nobody should charge anything? Well, the truth is, this is this is a course on paid advertising that's going to cost money to run paid ads and so you're not going to get free ads. Maybe you're somebody who likes to learn a whole bunch of things, but never does anything with it. Why are you wasting your time? Why are you here? Well, that sounds really harsh Jeremiah. It's the truth though. Are you somebody who just kicks around ideas and has no real desire to start a business? To hate your boss and you look into not really work very hard and get a lottery ticket. Are you a complainer a whiner somebody who is always critical and upset and angry about how nothing's going your way. Some of y'all are watching the clock. You're like Man, I've been here for 30 minutes. So this has been going on for 30 minutes, and he hasn't talked about anything about paid advertising yet. I'm done, this guy sucks. It's okay, I get it. If that's you, please leave now. Because I'm not going to be able to help you. If your attitude is angry, and critical, and controlling, and you get upset by people not doing what you want, I promise you, we're not going to get along, I promise you, you're not going to get much value out of anything else that I talked about, I promise you that you will not get any value out of my coaching program. Okay. But if you are somebody who's willing to take action on a plan that's given to you, somebody who's willing to, to take your life and your business to the next level, that you have a vision for where you're going see, I need you to have a vision for where you're going. I'm going to show you something really cool. That's going to activate you envision that I've been showing everybody I can, this past week, it's a five minute exercise that you can do that if you're saying I have no vision, we're gonna go into it here for the next 10 minutes. And then we're gonna go into running the paid ads, and you're going to understand how this all connects together by the end of it. Are you somebody who's teachable, willing to learn new skills is somebody who wants to make six and seven figures. And this one's the most important to me? Are you somebody who wants to build a business with honesty and integrity. I'm a person who shows up with honesty and integrity, and I expect you to be the same. If you're somebody who's here is looking to learn how to scam people, steal people's money, hurt people, or just make money with no regard for your fellow human beings. You're not going to get any value from me. I myself am a person of faith. And I believe that I'm called to live a life of kindness and compassion for people. And that means possibly walking away from a sale, not using manipulation tactics. So if you're looking for me to learn how to manipulate people into your coaching business, and how to coerce people and how to trick them into buying from you, I don't teach that because here's the thing, if you're looking for that, that means that you're looking for me to trick you. I don't play tricks on people. I help people win. I help people succeed. And let me tell you this, I think that I'm actually one of the best people in the world that doing this when it comes to coaches, course creators and mentors. I've been doing it long enough. My clients are successful enough. My track record speaks for itself, you can find the testimonies on the page that you signed up for. That there's no question in my mind that what I teach and what I'm going to show you works, okay. And even if you don't join my client growth accelerator, though, I'd love if you did. I'd love for you to plug into two resources. One, my youtube channel

[535:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: my YouTube channel has we now got shorts that we're posting, we got live videos, we got podcast episodes, over 1000 videos on my YouTube channel to help you succeed. To help you grow your coaching business, how to grow your email list, using AI to transcribe a marketing email, stop letting fear control you handling negativity. So this is a resource for you. My YouTube channel is a resource for you all the live videos that I have on here as a resource for you for free, that you can access to get more coaching, more training from me to help you succeed. Okay. I hear so many people say of Jeremiah, there's so many people, they just, they never give away the good information. They never tell anybody how to do what they did. I'm showing you how to do what I've done right here on the YouTube channel. It's all right here. I'm showing you how to you utilize the same tools. It's all right here. It's up to you to be the one to meet me halfway. Are you gonna? Are you going to listen to me today and then do nothing with what I share with you. Are you going to say you know what? I'm going to start to take action. I'm going to start to do some things. I'm going to start to put some things together. The first step is actually knowing what you're going to promote With your paid ads to people, okay? So a lot of people are like, well, if I could just run an ad to my coaching program, I can get sales. I'm here to tell you this that unfortunately we need to have a funeral we need to have a funeral. For that hope and dream right here are IP 2019. What happened in 2019 starts with a C. O V. I. I'm not going to finish it because I don't want the algorithm to turn off my video. And it's no laughing matter. Listen, I get it, a lot of people died. This is again, this, you might be offended by what I just drew. Please forgive me. What I'm saying is the ability to just run an ad straight to a coaching program, the ability for me to just run an ad straight to my group coaching program, the ability for for Rick Pitino to run an ad straight to worship coach. By the way, we proved all of this, the ability for my mom to just run an ad straight to her stocks group, or straight to her inner circle. Sadly, the ability to do that with paid ads died in 2019. After COVID happened after the pandemic happened, the world changed the way that people interact with each other changed. And so you got two options either you can complain whine bitch and moan and be upset that the world isn't how it is. And, man, I just hope that things go back to normal. You're gonna be you're gonna be that person who you ever met those people. You ever met those people who are like, Man, if I hadn't lost my job in 1970, I be somewhere else. And then they die with animosity. Because the world changed in 1970. You can either choose to be angry that the pandemic happened or get even, and learn the new way to grow a coaching business using paid advertising. And these are the methods that we're using. For my mom. This is the method that we we're using with my client, Nathaniel Iverson right here where we're running paid ads for him. This is the this is the same methodology that we're that we're using that we were using for worship coach. It's the same methodology that I'm using for for my business as well. And so what you do is we run paid ads to live events like this one right here. This event that you're on right now, is an example of how we're using paid advertising. So I ran a paid ad to get you to register for this to get you to show up today. And we have you know, a few 100 people register for this. As is the case a small percentage of who registers actually shows up. That's normal. About twice as many people who actually show up live are going to watch the recording before it gets taken down in two days. By the way, if you if you if you want the recording to this, and you want to save this, which you're gonna want the recording of it, just I'm just telling you right now, you're gonna want the recording of it is you're gonna want to upgrade to the VIP to get the recording to get the bonus trainings, you get my finding your niche training bundle, my getting more clients with paid video ads recording by growing your email list the fun way recording about how to grow your email list, creating a six figure lead magnet training and helping you script out your video ads plus bonus PDFs on finding your niche and deciding who who you're selling to. And it's only $7 Plus you get the recording of this training. Plus, after this session you and I are going to hop into a live q&a session together okay. So if you haven't upgraded to the recording again, I would invite you To do so, I would invite you to go to the link, spend the $7, it's worth it, that's going to be one of the best investments that you've ever made. By doing this, you get the recording, and you get all these different bonus trainings. And what you're going to want to do in your coaching business, okay, two things. Two things. You can't just send somebody with a paid ad to a coaching landing page, you have to send them to some kind of an offer that gets them on your email list. Okay. Are you tracking with me here? Are you following what I'm throwing down? Is this making sense to everybody? Let's reel it back in. Let's come in here. I get it, this might not be what you want to hear, maybe you want me to show you how to just send paid traffic to a coaching page, and people sign up for you. That's a facade. It doesn't work. That stopped working in 2019. Prior to 2019, we could do that all day long. Now doesn't work. So you have to actually send people from your paid ad to some kind of a landing page. Or what we call this, you could call this a an opt in page. And this is a page where people give you their name and email address. Okay, so I ran a paid ad to go to this page on my website right here. This is on Squarespace. And then you registered for the event filled in your name and email address right here. By the way, if you don't know where the VIP is just go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Re register for the event, and it'll send you to the VIP page. Okay. And so you register with your name and email address on here. And then I sent you a link, I emailed you straight away. That's supposed to be an email. Not too bad. I emailed you a link to join me on this live training to join me today. Are you tracking, okay? And so what you want to do to actually grow your coaching business, the most effective way to grow coaching businesses now, with paid advertising in 2023. That's generating 10s of millions of dollars is you run the paid ad to some kind of an offer page

[692:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: where people give you their name and email address and they join your email list. And then in that you're able to sell them your coaching program, you're able to build trust with them, you're able to demonstrate your value you're able to show people and walk people through the process of working with you. Truth is this. My wife just texted me I was like she Okay, right. For a little baby, Let's cue. The truth is this. The old way of building a coaching business with paid ads is dead. The new way is where we send our paid ads to a landing page. And then we email people for some kind of a virtual event or a live event could be a one day event like this one, two hours long. Could be a multi day event for five days. Okay. And we'll go into the details of what's the difference between all of those. But how do you actually get people to show up to this offer. From a paid at, that's why you're here. Well, you first need to actually have your offer figured out. You need to have your niche figured out. You need to have an idea of what you're going to offer to people figured out and one of the coolest tools now that have popped up on the internet that's helping people is chat GPT? Chat GPT is a free app that uses the open AI engine. And you can ask this artificial intelligence engine questions about your niche, and it will actually help you come up with what your offer should be. And I'm going to, I'm going to walk you through how we do this. Okay? Let's say for example, let's just pick somebody's business that they're doing. Let's say that you are a health coach who helps women who are trying to conceive with their Hashimotos thought thyroid issues.

[736:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Write a sales letter, based on this topic. For a coaching program, and the AI start sorting it out, are you a woman struggling with these issues, you find it difficult and overwhelming to navigate alone, we specialize in this, I understand you your unique challenges, here's where it gets fun, okay. You'll learn how to manage your symptoms, optimize thyroid function improve overall well being. Let me let me let me just, let's let this go a little bit further. So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say right 20, YouTube video titles about a variety of topics that relate to the type of person who would sign up for this coaching program and their interests. They don't have to be directly related to the main offer. Five tips for managing Hashimotos the importance of sleep and stress management for fertility, how to optimize your thyroid function, the link to gut health and thyroid issues, you can do the link to gut health and fertility issues. Find the right practitioner for yourself, the importance of self care for women trying to conceive. So here's what I'm gonna I'm gonna pull out here as it's just a couple of these. I love this one. I love this one stress and sleep. By the way, my wife and I actually had

[768:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: had trouble conceiving with our with our baby. And we had to take care of some of these issues in me around my thyroid, the role of environmental toxins in trying to conceive, okay, so these three ideas right here, you could then turn that into a landing page. So let's say that you know what you're going to coach on. Or maybe you don't know what you're going to coach on, but you can you can type in, and you can use a tool like chat GPT to figure out the topic that you're gonna make for your offer. Okay. Now you got to pick something. And that's the biggest sticking point for most people. That's honestly, like, the main part of what I help people do is to get really clear on where they're going to start on this process. So they don't get stuck along the way and so that they can grow things as they get going. Listen, if you're somebody who is a coach, a trainer, or a mentor, and you want to know, how do I start on the right foot? How do I get started? How do I do things the right way? This is it. As you identify how do you help people you identify? Who are you helping you identify what is their problem? That's about finding your niche. Then you can use chat GPT to go in here. And this was just one command write a sales letter based on this topic. This is what they teach. So you can literally take this for any of your businesses, and then use this command right 20 YouTube video titles about a variety of topics. By the way, if you grab the recording, you can actually pause the recording here and grab these commands that might be worth the $7 for you to be able to do that. Okay, So these are three topics right here now that we could actually build an offer around. So now I'm going to start over, and I'm going to do this

[804:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna go back to the top here. I'm gonna paste these I'm gonna put, I am a health coach who helps women trying to conceive Hashimotos thyroid issues

[811:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: write a sales letter based on the following information for a free webinar.

[815:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Actually, let's start this from a brand new one right here. Let's start a brand new one. And type this in. You understand the emotional physical toll that it has on your body, you might feel overwhelmed and unsure where to turn for help. That's why we're excited to invite you to this free webinar the importance of self care for women trying to succeed. You'll learn about the importance of sleep and stress management for fertility as well as the role of environmental toxins and trying to succeed trying to conceive as a health coach who specializes in soy see, what this did was this took kind of the vanilla idea of we help with health. And this got specific. And this helped us get more specific by asking these questions. Now, here's the thing, chat GPT has been hard for some people to access. And so there is a tool that I highly recommend. It's a paid tool, but it's not super expensive. It's called jasper.ai. So let me just explain this to you. jasper.ai started as the first AI engine two years ago that was helping people write sales copy. All of my clients had been using Jasper AI for the last two years, and have generated 10s of millions of dollars using artificial intelligence sales copy, to jog our memory to come up with ideas for our landing pages and our paid ads. The algorithms in these artificial intelligence engines are writing our paid ads for us. I'm going to show you how. Let's go back to chat GPT real quick. Like I said, some of you are gonna have trouble accessing chat GPT it's free right now. How do you access it, don't download an app, go to open ai.com. And click at the top here where it says introducing chat GPT research release, try and create an account. Now they will be charging for this very soon it will be released as a paid app. I hope that they keep something for free for people. If this is down, you can also find another engine similar to it over at a site called you.com. It's an AI search engine that you control. And they have what's called you chat. And it allows you to type in oops, let's go back here you chat. It allows you to type in and ask very similar to chat GPT in questions just like this. Okay, so if I take this right here, I could say write a sales letter for a webinar about this. Type it in and see what it comes up with. So to invite, so it's writing another sales letter. So these are apps that you can use u.com Doesn't even make you sign up for anything. Again, it's in beta. It's based off of the GPT engine as well, which is pretty cool. So using u.com is going to be pretty, pretty interesting. A lot of people are recommending you.com Because it's also a really cool search engine. But using you chat allows you to connect with the AI and allows you to use the same engine that's behind chat GPT as well as Jasper for free. Now Jasper is a paid app. Its outputs are more superior because it's specifically made for marketers and for sales and marketing. So they have a version right here called boss mode. I would only recommend that you use boss mode because it's specifically made for marketing. You can get the lowest version right here and you get a free trial of it. I'll send you a link to the free trial. also posted in the group. You can get a free trial of it. By signing up and trying it out right here, and here's the other cool thing that it gives you. When you sign up for boss mode for a limited time, you get unlimited access to you don't get it with the starter mode, but you get it in boss mode, what they call Jasper chat. So Jasper chat is right here. It's just like chat GPT. But it's trained on what Jasper knows, it could do. Right 20 YouTube video ideas. They actually find that command that I wrote over here because I was pretty cool. 20 youtube video titles. Then I pasted that sales page that it wrote us in chat GPT I pasted it into Jasper chat right here to see what kind of output it comes up with. So again, u.com chat GPT, Jasper chat, all kind of they're based on the same GPT three API engine. Jasper is just trained a little bit better when it comes to marketing. So look, these are some more ideas that you could choose from that would help people which of these topics would be best to attract a paid client to a coaching program soon says some of these topics are right here. Awesome. Write a sales letter about the following. So what I'm keep doing is I keep iterating and I keep iterating the idea, we're not going to use this as our final sales letter. But what this does is this gives you more and more ideas of how to actually write some copy and ideas that then when you come to the table and you say okay, I need to create a landing page for some kind of a free event that I'm going to do on zoom over video and listen, I get it, you might not feel confident showing up on video. Maybe you've never shown up on video before. If you want to grow a coaching business and 2023 You're gonna have to show up a video. That's just not an option. So it's important to be able to do so it's important to be able to, to break past our fears to break past our worries. And to be able to communicate effectively through video. Like what I'm talking to you right now. Can you see yourself doing a video like this on zoom with with people in your niche? Could you see yourself using tools like Chad GPT and Jasper or you.com to come up with ideas for your own coaching business? There's no reason to be stuck and say okay, well I don't know what to make an offer for here's the problem. We end up getting stuck because we're worried about things being perfect. We're worried about things not going our way and I'm gonna I'm gonna start coaching you here a little bit. We're getting we're approaching about the our point of this training. And this is where I really start shooting straight. Not that I haven't been shooting straight up to this moment in time. But I figured if you're here, you're grown up enough you didn't log off. You don't hate me enough to not listen to this. You're not completely turned off by what I've been saying. And this is connecting with you by the way, let me just pause here to things

[941:50] Speaker 1: for you to

[941:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: successfully run paid ads you need to be polarizing. You need to repel the wrong people from working with you. And you don't need to do this by being belligerent or committing crimes or or being some crazy person right? Like Alex Jones or Andrew Tate or Kanye West, right like you don't need to do that. You don't need to dye your hair purple. If you want to that's great. I mean my mom dyed her hair purple for a while it was it was awesome. But you can be you and still be polarizing repel the wrong people. Here's how I did it with this training. I repelled anybody who was not a good fit for this. I I've been actively repelling the wrong people the whole time I've been talking to you. I've been actively working to turn off certain people They don't have a vision for where they're going, that can't see themselves making live video trainings. And listen, if you're if you're watching this right now and you're like Jeremiah, I just couldn't see myself making a live doing a live event, hosting something on Zoom, I'll tell you this, it's a lot easier than you think. And I'm going to teach you how to do that. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna walk you through the whole process of how we start and grow and build coaching programs. If you stick with me, if you stick through this training, I'm going to show you exactly the path that you can take to start to do that the right way. But it starts by you being polarizing. And it starts by you not trying to be a pleaser. So here's what ends up happening. We're trained our whole life to be to be nice. And to please everybody, and to not rock the boat. And we end up walking through life timid, and afraid and scared of stepping out there with courage, and being polarizing, and having people not like us. This is really good. This by the way, this is part of my process for trying to repel and polarize. The people that are just are not a good fit for my coaching. Truth is, you're gonna get threats from people online, you're gonna have people send you nasty messages, you're gonna get nasty comments. No matter how qualified your marketing campaign is, you're still gonna get those nasty comments from people. And so you've got to develop thick skin. And you've got to stop being a pleaser, you might even get accused of things by people I give all the time they accuse me of being a scammer. They accuse me of not helping people, they accuse me of just in it for the money. Well, except here's what's funny, none of those people who accuse me of that or any of my clients, the owners, random people out of that sawed ad. See, if you're gonna run paid ads, you're gonna have random people come at you, and make comments and say mean things. And if your natural inclination is to try to make everybody happy, and please everybody, and try to create unity with everybody and try to make it for everybody, you're trying to make one of those all inclusive coaching programs that are for everybody that just everybody can find a place in, you're not going to make the kind of money you want to make. You have to get more specific as to who you can help as to who you want in your coaching program. And here's one of the biggest deciding factors. You want to know how you know who you want in your coaching program. Two things, two things. Number one, because we're people of integrity, is the result that you can get people you want to be able to get people a result. Absolutely. And that's I think that is very important to be able to get a result for somebody. Again, listen, I preach this all the time, you don't need to be an expert. You don't need to be the top dog in your industry. You don't even need to be an original. You could literally copy an idea that somebody else is doing. I'm not the first person that's teaching about coaching, and getting clients using paid advertising. There's a ton of people out there that run Facebook ads that teach the same stuff I do. But they don't teach it the way that I do. And honestly, they're they're probably not as good as I am at it. I don't say that to brag. I don't say that to sound arrogant. You might say Jeremiah, that sounded pretty arrogant. Well, yeah. Okay. I mean, if that's what you think, but I need to have such a level of self esteem and self confidence myself, to be able to show up at my best with you. And I want you to start to see yourself that way, as well as where you believe in yourself that you are the best chance that people have for success. I believe that if you're here today with me, you're on my email list, that you have the best chance possible at succeeding at building a coaching program and running paid ads. The key is this though. You have to be polarizing. You have to be specific. You have to be specific about what the prospect wants and what prop than they have and what solution you offer them. And you're not going to be for everybody. So I need you to get that out of your brain. First off, the idea that you're going to make something that is like, as popular as Facebook, or tick tock or Apple computer or the iPhone. It's just I used to have those grandiose visions to and and I still have vision of doing great things that impact people around the world. But the truth is this, even if you create a product like the iPhone, you're still gonna have 40% of the market that hates you and wants to be on Android, no matter how great your product is. And so you're not going to be all things to all people, you're not going to make everybody happy, you're not going to be able to please everybody. So you got to get that out of your head. And, and some of you the reason why you're struggling with this, is because you were raised your whole life to make people happy to only do what makes people happy. So only do what makes people say nice things about you. So the first step to actually successfully running paid ads is to get specific be polarizing to the point that you might piss some people off, that you might upset some people. But you might make people really angry. I want you to go into 2023 with this, saying I will disappoint people this year. It's actually a good thing. That's one of the most powerful positions that you can be in is saying I am going to disappoint people this year. Because what you end up doing is you end up giving up the facade that you could ever be perfect. You end up giving up the facade that you could ever do everything perfect enough to finally get results. See, we have this belief in our mind when we haven't made the kind of money we want to make that if I just learn all the perfect ways to do everything, then I'll be successful. Nobody who's successful got there by being perfect. They got there by being willing to make mistakes. They got there by being willing to make messes. They got there by being willing to experiment just to see what happens. And so for you to be able to make money with paid advertising, you have to be able to experiment just to see what happens. And the two requirements, you need to be able to get clients results. But here's the most important one, it needs to be a niche that you can actually make money at. It needs to be a niche where people are actually going to pay you money. Don't let your bleeding heart that wants to impact people keep you broke. Just because you feel called to help a certain group of people. Does it mean that you can monetize it? This is what something that my client Rick Pino actually ran into. And we had to adjust things, according to who was actually willing to make an investment. You know, how are you going to get people to invest in learning about worship, if they're if they're just they just want to sing songs. What he did was he was able to niche down to the people who wanted to write albums and win Grammy Awards. And get very specific Oh, and by the way, he got a lot of hate messages for that.

[1101:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: About he was about how he bastardized the gospel and ruined the worship industry. All these statements that people made that weren't true. Because people assumed what he meant by what he was saying. trying to please everybody as a short path to lose money with your ads being polarizing experimenting, and focusing on a group of people that you can both get results for that also have expendable money to spend with you. And then you create offers on landing pages, like we talked about right here. You create an offer on a landing page for a virtual event like this about a one specific topic focus. Kind of like I did right here grow your coaching program with paid advertising. One specific topic focus on And then you get those people on your email list, then you're able to nurture that relationship with those people to build a successful coaching business and to grow a successful coaching business. Okay, so for the next hour, we're going to actually go into the paid ads portion of this, of how you actually put those ads together. How do you craft them? What do you say in the ad? How do you actually make ads that convert? What are the words that persuade people to buy from you? How do you lower your cost down. But here's something I want to tell you about. Before we go into that. It two weeks from now, I'm hosting a live event that I want to invite you to, like I said, I have nothing to sell you. But I'd love for you to join me for this. It's over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash start. I don't think it's on the homepage of the site yet, but it will be you'll get sent it in your email as well. And what this is, is I'm hosting on January 23, through the 27th, a five day intensive to help you start and grow your group coaching program to six figures. I'm going to help you actually build out your offer. I'm going to work with you to build out your landing page and your OPT in offer and how do we optimize for the paid ads specifically for your business, if you want to bring in more sales, if you want to impact more people, if you want to serve and allow people if you want results to come in start leveling up to get better results, even with your organic traffic, as well as paid. This event is for you. And here's what we're gonna go over for these five days. Day number one, your coaching program, blue blueprint, we're going to actually map out if you want to start a coaching program and then grow one, how do you actually put the nuts and bolts together for your specific program? How do you take your idea and translate that into something that people actually want? Let me share my screen here with you. That wasn't sharing my screen. So the start and grow your group coaching program to six figures event is on January 23 to the 27th. And you can find it over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash start. You'll get the email sent to you. So we're gonna go over the blueprint. How do you put together a coaching program? How do you dial in your messaging? This is the most important part. How do you actually craft the language that gets people to buy from you the most important part of your paid advertising is what do you say? What are the words that you say, and your messaging. And so here's what ends up happening is you can run paid ads with the wrong messaging to a great offer and you get no sales. So we're gonna dial that in with you, and then help you create a laser focused offer that will then attract the right clients. We're gonna go over this for five days together, we're gonna break this down, and I'm gonna walk you through how to build a successful six and seven figure group coaching program. Okay. And you don't have to pay anything for it. It's absolutely free. It's free. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, at 7pm. Eastern Time, 6pm Central Time for you to access, you'll have until the Tuesday after to watch the recordings. Be sure to register for this, be sure to jump in this. If you're somebody that says you know what I want to make 2023 different than 2022. I want to make 2023 stand out and have the kind of impact that I know that I was called to have. This year, this event is going to help you do that this five day event right here where we're gonna go through the nuts and bolts of starting and growing your group coaching to six figures. Now again, there's also when you when you register, I'm just gonna register and show you this. There's also a VIP upgrade with this one. What do you get with this VIP. You get five bonus trainings. You get five days of q&a with me. You get access to the recordings, you get access to the recordings of the VIP backstage pass sessions. So you get five days of coaching with me. In addition to the main sessions after the main sessions, from seven to eight, I'm going to be teaching and then from eight to nine. You can ask me any questions and capitalize on my 19 years of experience in the coaching business. Okay. Plus you get these bonus trainings getting on Stop to take massive action. This is a huge training that I did a month ago, that's going to help you so much to break free from what's holding you back, the mindset foundations training, seven figure coaching, uplevel training, fun and freedom, the new stress free approach to business as well as the offer launch pad 2022 recordings, this is gonna help you launch your offer and get it going. And you can get all of this for just $17 for the next 48 hours. Okay, so the regular price on this is 197 bucks for this VIP. But you can get it for $17 When you upgrade before midnight, Monday, January 16. So that's 48 hours to get this, to get those recordings for those five days, to get those five days of zoom sessions to get those five bonus trainings. I think that this is an incredible investment for you. Then you might say, well, do I get that if I bought the $7? VIP for this one? No, you don't. Because those are completely different trainings. Okay, you're getting completely different bonus trainings with this one, plus, this is five days, the one that's on today's after this session, we're going to be meeting in about an hour, I'm going to jump into another zoom, another zoom link with you that I'll be emailing you, my team will email you to answer your questions that was $7. This one is $17. And so if you sign up for the five day event, start and grow your group coaching to six figures, and you upgrade to VIP, we're gonna be able to spend those five days together, building your business, helping craft your offer, helping dial in your messaging, and help helping you create the coaching program, the group coaching program of your dreams that you know, will bring in six and seven figures. Okay, so I'm excited to have you join me for that. Again, it's completely free. But I think that if you're on here today, if you're watching this, if you're here with me right now, I think it's going to bring you tremendous value, to be able to join me for this for us to work together for those five days to help you build your business. Okay. So now here's the thing. We're going to work together for those five days, building out your landing page, your OPT in offer your messaging, all that I'm going to show you even more about running paid ads on that five day event. How do you actually run the paid ads? What's the process of building paid advertising? That actually gets results? Well, the first thing is this, we record every single ad with a cell phone. Okay, we record every single ad that we do with a cell phone

[1247:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the reason for this is this people are going to connect with you better on a cell phone with a selfie style video like this. Hey, what's up everybody? If you're wondering, how do you start and grow a group coaching program to six figures this year, I want to show you how my name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I'm helping coaches trainers and mentors for last 19 years scale their coaching businesses to six, seven and even eight figures and I'm going to show you how you can do the same by building an offer that's irresistible that people want to get people to sign up with you. We're going to help you map out your coaching program. We're gonna help you map out your trainings, we're going to show you how to build on the right foundation. That's going to get your results I can't wait to see you there for those five days together January 23 to the 27th We'll talk soon click the link register now. Okay. So what I do is we record all of our trainings on a cell phone then we bring them into you can either use Instagram captions, it's free. You pull the video up into Instagram right here when it comes to running paid average Hey, what's everybody if you're wondering, you could add captions and it'll transcribe your audio to add captions. I'll show you how great their coaches trainers and mentors for last 19 years scaled their coaching businesses to six, seven and even eight. Okay. And so you can actually add the captions by recording your ad with a with a cell phone. And then you export the video from Instagram with those captions at it. You're like wait a sec, Jeremiah. Wait a sec. You're you're skipping way too far ahead here. How do I even know what to say on that video ad? I'm glad you asked. So what we like to use is we again like to use artificial intelligence to help us figure out what to actually say, on our ads. And so I came up with a four part mix if I can find this. Where is it? Where is it? I came up with a four part question series that we use to script out all of our video ads. And I'm gonna give that to you here right now. We just find where it is. It's in my Facebook ads course as part of my coaching program. But I'm going to walk you through how to actually script out your ad right now. So this is the four part script right here. You want an attention grabbing question at the beginning, that frames both the solution that you offer, and the problem that the client has in one sentence. Okay, you want a sentence that says who you are your qualifications to help them your track record one big result that validates you, you want a sentence that tells them what you offer them, the result they can expect to get as well as something that qualifies that it will work for them if they're beginners, and then you want a call to action that calls them to click on a link of some kind to register on the next page. Okay, so when you do this, and what I like to do is I'll take these questions right here. And this is why I like using Jasper because it helps me keep things simple. Write a four part video script for for an advertisement using these four elements. And Jasper chat will literally write it for you. Are you a woman trying to conceive but feel overwhelmed or unsure where to turn for help? And I might change that a little bit. Have you been trying to conceive, but feel so overwhelmed and unsure of where to go for help? My name is and I've been helping women with Hashimotos thyroid issues we've been trying to conceive for years, we've helped 1000s of women on their journey towards motherhood and and achieved massive results, pregnancies and births. All around the world. I'm putting together a free event called self care for women trying to conceive where you can gain valuable insight on the importance of sleep and stress management, as well as remedies that you can do and alternative treatments to take control of your journey to motherhood. So click the link register now for this free training. You got nothing to lose, except to become a potential mom. So I can't wait to see you soon. potentially becoming a mom to gain Yeah, that's awesome. I love this. Literally by taking these four points right here again. You might want to grab the recording, because you can pause the video and see what these four points are. So what this does is this allows us to script out a video ad right there. Let's try again. Let's see what else it generates.

[1336:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Struggling to conceive but Phil, you don't know where to turn. I have 10 years of experience. Yeah, this is great. With my signature program fertility secrets for trying to conceive success. By the way, this niche you could literally sell coaching for like 10 grand in this niche. I know people that do. It's highly profitable. So this helps you script out what do you actually say, on your video ad by going through these four points right here. Okay. And so then you just record something very similar on a video, you want it to sound natural, you want your energy to to be approachable. Here's one thing that I'll say I had a client who he went through this process. He's one of my consulting clients, Nathaniel Iverson, great guy, powerful entrepreneur. But he just really struggled with, like, how to show up authentically on video for his ads. He had the words down but his energy just wasn't there. And I told him I said, here's the thing. I want you to just talk to the camera like you're talking to a friend. Not like you're trying to convince anybody that they should work with you. Not like you're trying to sound all professional. Not like you're trying to to look like you got it all together. Like you got it all figured out. Can we lay down the facade? Can we bring the facade down? Can we stop pretend ending like, we got it all together, none of us has it all figured out and all together. You might never hear somebody who teaches when I teach say that your favorite coaches and mentors don't have it all together, they're, they're still trying to figure it out by the seat of their pants. As much as you are, even me, to this day, when I launch an offer like this, getting people to join for an event like this, the incredible value that's here and you know that the value is here, because you've been going through this with me for just the last hour. And I believe that I have over delivered with you on this. And I And if I if you feel that I've over delivered with you, I'd highly recommend that you jump into the five day intensive the start and grow your group coaching program to six figures intensive that I'm going to be hosting, because I really want to continue working with you. I really want to keep working with you through this process. But we've started today, don't let this just fall by the wayside. Let's take this five days together to help you build and map out your coaching program, dial in your messaging, create your offer, and then start running ads that attract clients. I teach my my group coaching clients this, I call it my six steps to six figure success as a coach. And all you got to do is work the six steps. I'm working the six steps right now, this training right here is part of my process of the six steps. So the first one is you want to find your niche. Okay? Again, if you upgraded to the VIP, you got the finding your niche bundle. Pick something if you're struggling to figure out which niche to go with, I'd recommend using chat GPT, where you can type in exactly who you want to help, how you want to help them what their problem is, and it will and then you can ask it. What is a niche that I could build a coaching program around around this topic. This is why I love using the command though, of generate 20 YouTube video titles. Because what that does is it helps you niche down step number two, which is your offer copy. Okay? And if you're somebody saying, well, Jeremiah, I don't have a coaching program mapped out yet. I don't know what I'm going to sell. I don't know what I'm going to coach on, check this out. Chat CBT can actually take what we wrote here, or Jasper chat, or any of these tools really can take what we wrote here we can say map out an eight week coaching program for the above and tell us what to teach on each week. Let's take this over to Jasper chat as well and ask the same question. See, some of you are like you're stuck. Because you don't know what to build your coaching program around an AI just solve that for you. You could build a coaching program around these topics right here. You might say you know if this is your niche, and you don't have to go based off of the outputs that it gives you. If you're like well I don't like the output that the AI is giving me you can change it, you can adjust it. It's it's to help you jog your memory, it's to help you come up with ideas. The number one thing that I want to make sure of if you listen to me today and you sign up for the five day but I don't want you to be stuck. It makes me sad because there's so many people they just they'll go through a whole training with me and then they will be stuck right where they are at the same spot next month and the month after and the month after and the month after and there's no reason to be stuck when you have artificial intelligence tools like this. Okay. Map out an online course and lessons based on the above

[1432:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's Chad GPT right here. Introduction understanding sleeps impact, managing stress, role of environmental tight like this could be a whole course right here that you can make if you understood this topic. Modules for training courses. With all the lessons mapped out I hadn't map out the lessons right here, literally mapping out the lessons of your entire coaching program and training with AI now You might need to take your own experiential knowledge and fill in the gaps. But you see what I'm showing you here. There's no reason to be stuck. Starting and launching a coaching program and running paid ads and building offers that people want. The number one thing that's going to actually determine the cost of your ads is your offer copy. Or as some people call it, the messaging. And that's really what we're going to focus on a lot during the five day event is we're going to go over how do you really dial in that messaging? In a way that's going to bring your cost down. Here's the thing. Let me let me show you an example of this. Rick Pino was a great example of this. So he decided to change his messaging and his offer. One of them was worship. songwriters. I really need you to pay attention to this right now. Okay. This is important. So Rick Pino with worship coach. He had one offer with messaging around worship songwriters, and another one around Christian songwriters. Okay. Sounds similar, but they're not the same. So here's the crazy part about this when running paid ads. He got leads for about $12, a lead for worship songwriters, he got at leads for $4, a lead for Christian songwriter. Some of y'all would say, well, $4 lead sounds pretty good. Not so fast. You want to know how much profit he made off of each of these. The three times as much lead. He spent $10,000 on paid ads, brought in $60,000 in sales in that one month. 50k profit. The $4. Lead one. He spent $60,000 and paid ads. And it only brought in $20,000. In sales, he lost 40k. He lost $40,000 on his paid advertising. All because the messaging was misaligned. With one word. And as soon as he went back over to this one, he had a $1 million month right after that. So this is why dialing in your messaging. Who are you helping? Who are you wanting to work with? How are you bringing them a result? What problem do they have that's preventing them from getting to that result. And then you create offers live events like this one, that you then run as a paid ad. With a landing page. Again, this is a landing page right here for this offer right here. This is the landing page for this one right here. There's a page that you visited, you signed up, you gave me your name and email address. And now you're here. And so whatever your offer is about. You want to dial in your messaging based off of who is most likely to give you money for what it is that you're selling, for what it is that you're promoting. Here's an example of this in my own business. So I've run offers about finding your niche and mapping out a coaching program and working on your mindset guess what, those people never become buyers. But whenever I create an offer that's around running paid ads and building a coaching program and growing and scaling a coaching program and building killer irresistible offers that potential coaching clients really want that attracts the right people that get them to sign up with you. It turns into sales for my business now not obviously not everybody's gonna become a sale. But eventually over time, the right people, the people that are getting results like Bobby Munis the people that are getting results like Abby, the people that are getting results like Lila that people are getting results like Jennifer like Am I like Don, the people that are making 1020 $30,000 a month, the people that are making $150,000 monthly my client, Joshua Giles, people that are making 10s of millions of dollars like Rick Pino that all starts with dialing in this messaging. And that's how you actually make sure that you don't lose money with your paid advertising. And so we use chat GPT. But I also use the paid version of Jasper to help us come up with our copy and what we're gonna say for our offers. And now here's the really cool part. Right PHS copy based on the above

[1535:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: convert the above to a Facebook ad. Once you dial in the messaging with the artificial intelligence, you can then use the API to actually write your Facebook ads for you. Let's take this for example right here. I'm just going to copy this right here.

[1545:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oops too many words. So they also have something called boss mode. And this allows you to actually type type out what you want to do. So I can say, right PHAs copy based on the above. Problem agitate solution. There we go. Convert the above to a Facebook ad. Are you struggling with trying to conceive and don't know where to turn trying to get pregnant can be overwhelming. With so many different strategies and treatments, it can be hard to know which one to take. But what if I told you there's a better way? Let's actually take this script off right here, this four part script right PS copy based on the above

[1564:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: wrote the above to a Facebook ad. And so what we do for writing our ad copy is almost all of our Facebook ads copy is written using Jasper, we don't edit it. I will use this straight out the gate how it has written right here. And then take that four part script as the creative and run that as an ad. Okay, by the way, video ads convert better than images. Almost all the time. Video Ads convert better than images. And so that four part video ad script is really going to be a help to you to be able to come up with what do I actually say in a video ad because you can make multiple video ads. Very quickly, I will usually go outside my house. And I'll walk around my neighborhood and in 10 minutes, I'll record five or six video ads. And then I'll add the captions to it. I use another app called captions.ai. It's an artificial intelligence app that actually adds these really cool Hermoza style captions. It's one of the coolest apps that I found about adding captions so far. It's one of the best apps out there, it adds emojis and things like that, and makes them look really good. Unfortunately, it's only on the Apple App Store. If you're on Android, use the Instagram captions, use the automated captions that are a sticker on Instagram. Okay. And so what we do is we compile those three things. When you want to run paid ads, you need to compile those things. You need to have three things to successfully run your app. You need to have a creative. Creative just stands for an image or a video. When I run images, I just use the images that are on my landing page. that we generated with Canva. And I just use these images that we use for our offers. I use those as an image creative. Now wait, you might say, well, Jeremiah, didn't you just say that, that that video works better than images. And when not when we run images, alongside video, they both work really well. Okay, so we have the creative, then we have the ad copy. And that's what we generated. Right here is some simple ad copy, this is just text that you use to create your ad. Okay. And then we have a landing page. And this is where we actually send the ad to. So when you create your ads account, you're going to need some page on a website to actually send people to, to sign up with you. Okay. So they sign up on this page. And then you're going to usually direct them to whether it be a Facebook group at a specific time, or a zoom call link like we have going on here. You're going to direct them to join you at a certain time to where then you can connect and communicate on a virtual event to train and teach people how to do that. And you might say, oh, okay, Jeremiah, I just don't feel confident enough to do this whole process. Again, that's what my coaching program is for. That's what we help people do in the coaching program. That's what we do in the client growth accelerator. is we're working with people every single day, every single week, right here inside of the Facebook group. We're helping people rewrite their copy. We're helping them put their funnels together, we're helping answer questions about using AI, reading offer copy coming up with the best offers, here's some great offers that some of our students have put together. Black Friday sale offer. Here's one from Sarah right there. Here's one from Jacqueline. Here's one from Kim. Here's one from Erica. Okay. And so, in the coaching program, we're actually helping people get better at their communication skills, get better at their teaching skills, get better at their coaching skills, get better at their sales skills. We're helping you work through building funnels, writing emails that convert, like, what do you actually say when people are on your email list, I walk you through all of that in the courses that are in the client growth accelerator. So consider getting on the waiting list for this. Again, it's not open right now. So the best chance that you have at success, at least today is by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash start and registering for this five day online intensive that we're doing January 23, through the 27th. Where we're going to go through actually mapping out your program, dialing in that messaging, what do you actually say in your offer? This is what determines the cost of your your your ads? So we're going to cover offer creation, we're going to cover how do you attract the right client with ads, we're going to cover more of what do you say specifically to get laser focused in on who's actually going to be a buyer for you. Okay, so then you can start to create six and seven figures in your business. That's what we're going to spend this time doing during those five days. But to close this out today, again, these are the three elements of successful paid advertising number one, the creative number two, the ad copy, you can use the artificial intelligence to come up with both of those. Number three, the landing page, you can build that on Squarespace takes minutes to do. You can use Canva to come up with graphics canva.com You can use Squarespace to build out that landing page. And then what you do is you send traffic to this page for some kind of a training or live event that you're doing. And then what do you do at the end of that? When you make people some kind of an offer at the end of it can be a free or a paid offer? For me I'm making you an offer to join me for this five day event right here, okay. And we've spent the last year dialing in our messaging to make sure that we're attracting the right people at the right people sign up, not just anybody, because I don't want just anybody being a part of this. Truthfully, like, if you're not resonating with this right now, and you're like, I don't know, don't register, you're not gonna get much out of it. But if you're saying, You know what, I really want to start following this process, I really want to start putting the pieces together, I really want to start moving the needle forward, for me and my family. To build a group coaching business, to make six and even seven figures, this is gonna be the best chance for you right here. Okay. So then at the end of this is, when they sign up for your virtual event, you're going to make some kind of a call to action. And with your call to action, you're going to direct people to do something. Whether they buy something from you, or they take another free action with you. So like, for instance, on this training right here, remember, I told you, I got nothing to sell you, nothing to sell you. But I am making a call to action to you to join me for this five day event right here. And then this is how we grow and build our coaching businesses. As we run paid ads, we figure out exactly what problems the prospect has. And we run a paid ad to promise a solution of some kind to the people that we're looking to help. So think about who do you want to help? What problems do they have? what solution do you offer them? How do you plan on giving them that result? And then I want you to think about this, what is the best case scenario outcome that you can think of. And this is a big sticking point with a lot of my paid coaching clients that stops people is they haven't dreamed for their coaching business in a long time, I want you to start to dream for your group coaching business.

[1723:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're going to start and grow your own group coaching program to six figures, you need to have a vision for where you're going. You need to be able to see the outcome before it becomes a reality.

[1729:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Artificial Intelligence tools are the tool to do that they become the looking glass for you. They become that magnifying glass, they become that that other world, you get to almost cross into a dream dimension. By using AI, that's what I would say honestly. And it might not be perfect, what it produces. But it's much better than you sitting around for six to 12, the 24 months stuck and unsure about what to offer people. Now, here's what I would challenge you on though. Don't pre record your course or your coaching program and then try to sell it. That's what I did that only brought in $500 a month in our business. What have we done that has changed. That's brought in a half a million dollars in the last five months. Exactly what I'm showing you right now. Exactly what I'm going to be showing you on the five day event right here, crafting offers, promoting them to people running paid ads, to get people to sign up for these offers with us toward that I'm communicating and connecting with people that are coaches, trainers and mentors to help them get a result. Who's the person that you want to connect with to get them a result? Can you gather 50 to 100 of them in front of you this month. You might say well, I don't know how well that's the thing. That's what I'm showing you how to do. That's what we're that's literally what I'm going to be showing you on this five day event right here is how do you do that? How do you actually build something that's worth people's time? How do you actually create something that people actually want, that people are actually begging you for? That's what a laser focused offer is it attracts the right clients to you, so that you don't have to sound desperate look desperate or do anything that's unethical, immoral that you don't want to do. Now, at the same time, you need to repel the wrong people, you need to push away the wrong people, there's a whole group of people who registered for this event that are not going to be joining me for the five day event. There's a whole group of people that aren't going to register for the VIP, and that's okay, too. But here's the thing, the people who actually sign up for the VIP, the people who are actually a self starter, that they're not begging me to send them the link, they actually go into their email and check the link themselves. They actually are, they're not expecting to be coddled by somebody, they're not expecting to have their hand held every single step of the way. The truth is this, I got a new baby, I can't hold your hand every step of the way. But what I can do is point you in the right direction, I have the best courses and the best training across my YouTube channel, across my free events across my coaching program, that's going to help you get the results that you want. So be sure to register for this event, January 23, through the 27th, I think it's really going to help you, I think it's really going to take things to the next level for you. So powerfully, when you run your paid ads, you got to have an offer that you're actually sending people to. And so once you have your your video creative, here's what I do is I export the video out of Instagram, or out of captions AI. And I upload it to Google Drive. This is my whole process, I upload it to Google Drive. And then I go into Google Drive on my computer, and I download it to my computer. And then I go and upload it into the Facebook Ads Manager. Okay. And so if you've never actually done anything with the Facebook ads manager before, go in and play around with it. Go to facebook.com forward slash ads under business. And press Start now. And this allows you to create an ads manager account. So you're going to want to create an ads manager account to start running ads, you're going to want to also set up a business manager account. Okay, so you go to Facebook, business manager right here. And you want to link it to a page that you have, you want to link it to an actual website that you have on Facebook, like an actual Facebook page, not a website, but a Facebook page. So you need to actually have some kind of an entrepreneur page or some kind of a coaching page. This can't be your Facebook profile. So if you expect to run paid ads, you're going to need to actually go to Facebook. Go to Pages, and then click on create a new page right here. Create a new page because you're not going to be able to run ads unless you you have a page to run them from. You can only run ads from a Facebook page or an Instagram page. Then you might say well Jeremiah, what's the best to run ads on Tik Tok Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook and Instagram are actually the three best well we use now as we call it, The Tick Tock application of the internet, the whole Internet has changed. The way that everybody interacts is different. They're interacting the same way that they do on Tik Tok across all the platforms. So what we do is we create all of our video ads like they're going on tick tock okay. And by doing that, then we're able to go into Google Drive. We're able to go into Google Drive, download the video files that we've uploaded

[1830:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're able to download the video files that we uploaded and then we create a facebook ads account. Again, if you don't know how to create a facebook ads account, here's what I'd recommend you do create Facebook Ads account. On YouTube, YouTube is a massive archive of free trainings on any technical aspects that you can think of when it comes to creating accounts. Okay, and so I would go here if you're like I just don't even know how to create an ads account. I have a course in my main members area where I walk you through doing this. But this is actually gonna be the fastest way for you to figure out how to create an account is go to YouTube, type in create a facebook ads account. Now listen, here's the thing, for you to be able to grow a coaching business, a group coaching business, with Facebook, with Facebook ads, you're gonna have to learn new skills, you're gonna have to learn how to do new things, you're gonna have to learn stuff that might seem hard for you, it's not difficult, it's actually very easy. It's very simple to learn. If you're in the client growth accelerator, I walk you through the process, I come alongside you and I help you do that. If you're registered for the VIP for this event right here, as well, we're about to go into that VIP here in about 15 minutes, I'm going to come alongside you and help you as well on a deeper level. And if you register for our five day event, you're going to also then get five days of coaching with me where I'm going to be able to work with you through creating your offer, creating your language, creating your ad creating, creating all of that. And so listen, I know you probably have a number of different questions, post your questions in the chat here, whatever you're thinking, whatever you're going through whatever you're wondering, whatever you're stuck on whatever you want to learn more of. Okay. I see a number of different questions coming in here. And we're going to make sure to address those, both in the VIP, as well as in the live event right here. During these five days, when I'm going to do is I'm going to take your questions that you've asked, in this training that I'm walking you through, I want you to come up with all the questions or go post them in the Facebook group. And we're actually going to take those and compile them. And that's what we're going to base a lot of what we're going to teach, obviously, we got these five days mapped out here. But we're going to go through your questions as well. This is an interactive experience. This isn't just me talking to you. This is an interactive, you're helping create the training to make it better and better and better. And if if I find some value in one of the questions that you asked, I might even make a podcast episode out of it. I might even make a video that goes on my YouTube channel about that specific topic. So you might wonder, Jeremiah, how do you come up with your offers? Like, I just gave you the secret? And some of you missed it. See, the real reason why I run live events like this is actually to get feedback from people. It's actually for people to tell me what do they want to learn? What are they struggling with? When you join the Facebook group? Those are the two questions that were asked, What are you struggling with when it comes to running paid ads? And what do you want to learn from Jeremiah. And so I've gone over those parts of that process, the part for you to actually get started with is you need to have a landing page you need to have an offer. And you need to have something that you're going to send people to at the end of that offer for a virtual event. Then you build out your video ad you write your ad copy, I just showed you how to do that. And then the technical aspects of pulling the levers inside of Facebook are actually pretty simple. You can learn a lot of those over on YouTube. How to set up the Facebook pixel right here. How to set up the conversions API on Facebook. Right here. Okay. How to launch your first Facebook ad. Let me pull up on YouTube here.

[1900:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: How to set up the Facebook pixel is right here. How to set up the conversions API on Facebook huddled launch your first Facebook ad, very simple walks you through the process of setting it up in the ads manager. Here's the problem. A number of you are going to watch this training and do nothing with it. You're going to come up with 1001 excuses for why you're not ready yet for why you can't move forward. But there's a small part percentage you that this is you're grabbing onto this. I've activated something in you today that you never thought you could do. I showed you how to use artificial intelligence to your advantage. By the way, the algorithms of Facebook ads are also based on artificial intelligence. They decide who to show your ad to people based off of AI. YouTube is an artificial intelligence algorithm. When you're searching on YouTube, the AI is showing you relevant content related to what you're looking for. Okay, If you're a coach, if you want to build a coaching program, if you're a course creator, if you're a mentor, and you're just starting out, you got to start by building an offer, you got to start by writing your offer copy, you got to start by building out that funnel by building out that landing page. By creating that thing, what do you send people to in your ad, you need something to actually send people to, and it needs to either be free, or low cost. So it can be free, it can be a $7 workshop. And what that's gonna do is that's going to attract the right people to your email list, then you can sell to those people. And it gives you an opportunity then to even re email those people with additional offers that you have with future offers that you have, so that they can jump into your ecosystem at different points in time to be able to grow and learn from you. And then to go to the next level. There's some of you right now you're watching this training, and you've been on one of the previous trainings that I did, and it's finally starting to click with you. It's finally starting to make sense. Head on over to my website, and make sure to jump on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator. If this is starting to click for you, I think the client growth accelerator is going to be a great fit for a number of you. When we open the doors to this, again, to be able to get the hands on help like our clients are getting to be able to have me in your corner to help you build a coaching business, to have me come alongside you to help you get results. You are not alone. You are not by yourself. I am committing to you to help you get the results that you want in your coaching business. I am committed to you to help move you from where you are to where you want to be. But you got to meet me halfway. You got to meet me halfway. You got to say you know what, I'm not just going to take what I've learned today from Jeremiah, and let it fall flat. I'm going to start moving things forward, we're going to show you during the five day event that we do, again, it's totally free, maybe you're not ready to join a coaching program, do the next best thing. Jump into the five day event to start and grow your group coaching to six figures event, it's going to be the best thing all year this is this is a way for you to start your year off, right. If you want to build a coaching program, if you want to attract the right clients, if you want to have people begging to sign up for whatever it is that you offer. This is going to do it for you. This is going to help you sign up for this. And remember, you have until midnight on Monday to get the VIP for $17. You get those five days of coaching with me. You get the recordings to the main sessions, you the recordings, the VIP sessions, plus you get multiple pre trainings, and you get all of these bonus trainings for just $17 until midnight on Monday, if you're somebody that says I'm serious about making 2023 My year I'm serious about starting and growing a group coaching program that makes six figures. I am serious about getting past my excuses. How long have you been saying right now is not the right time? I'm not ready yet? How long have you been trying to get things going for you? How many opportunities like this are you going to see and let pass you by? Because well you're not ready yet. Wanna know a secret, you're never going to be ready. Running paid ads. One of the biggest things that actually stops people from running paid ads is this. They create their offer, they write their messaging, and then they get scared to pull the trigger and to launch their paid ads. Because they don't know what's going to produce the perfect result. And the truth is this, you're never going to know you're never going to have certainty because certainty doesn't exist in business. It doesn't. And you got to be realistic about that. It's all an experiment. Well, we build an offer and we run it as a paid ad. We're experimenting now if you're with me, if you join this training that I'm doing, I'm going to get you as close as possible to a guarantee. I can't guarantee that you're going to make money. But I can get you as close as possible, with the best information for you to create an offer that makes money. And I'm going to walk you through that entire process that will work for whatever niche for whatever topic for whatever industry you're in, that you're coaching that you're training people on, we're going to help you map out your program, dial in the message and create that laser focused offer, attract the right clients and then get paid those big bucks get paid that type of money that you want. How long have you been wanting to go on that family vacation? How long have you been wanting to maybe get a new house or a new car? How long have you been wanting to start a coaching business that creates the life of your dreams. It's time to stop wanting and it's time to turn your dreams into action. actually wrote that on the page right here. It's time to stop thinking about what your next level will look like. And it's time to make the decision to go for it. got nothing to lose by registering. It's completely free. I can't wait to work with you for five days to help you start and grow your own successful coaching business, your own successful group coaching program, not just one on one coaching anymore. I charge $30,000 for one on one coaching. Some of you are watching me you're like Jeremiah, how do I work with you one on one? Well, it's 30,000. It's 30k. All right, it's not cheap. But it's worth it. And we can help you finance that as well. What do you get with that you get one full day with me VIP day where we spent eight hours together, going over your business. And to follow up zoom sessions for total of 10 hours with me, plus an entire year in my client growth accelerator plus lifetime access to all my courses. And you get grandfathered in at this rate to buy more coaching and sessions with me. For the next two and a half years, two and a quarter years. It's about three months ago, since I've edited that we get to work together through your messaging and your copywriting and your advertising your offer building your email marketing and your strategy. By working one on one together, there'll be something you that maybe you want to take this approach, maybe you want to do this with me. Put in your deposit, it's $1,000 it's not refundable. And applies towards the paid in full or or it's refundable on financing. But it's non refundable deposit and apply for one on one coaching. There's nothing to lose by the way, it'll apply towards the client growth accelerator in there, okay. So that's what I offer for one on one coaching. If you don't have $30,000, this is going to be the next best thing for you. I'm on a mission to help you get to a point where you're making millions of dollars so that you can hire me to take you to that next level. You might see like who has $30,000 to pay well my clients do. Like the Daniel Iverson like Joshua Giles. You know, if you're making $150,000 in a month paying 30k for coaching for the quarter, it's kind of a steal, it's only 10 grand out of that it's less than 10% of the of the take home.

[2060:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: But here's what I'm doing though is I'm giving you during these five days, we're gonna go through the entire process together, how to start and grow your own group coaching program. You don't need to continue struggling. There's no reason to say, I don't know what to do next. I'm here with you. When you register for this, and I can't wait to work with you. And I can't wait to walk you through this process that's been working, that's proven that's been helping my clients for years, get results. And so click the link register now. Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash start. That's completely free. It cost nothing for you to register. But if you really want to take things to the next level, I would I would encourage you once you register to upgrade to that VIP to take me up on that VIP offer for just $17 to get the most out of this training to get those recordings to get those five days with me in the backstage pass. All right, listen, this has been great Great, I've had such a great time connecting with you. Running paid ads, it's how we've gotten all of our clients. And it starts with creating a killer offer that starts with dialing in our messaging and creating those video ads like I walked you through and writing that ad copy using artificial intelligence. Use those AI tools, play around with them, map out your coaching program for the next couple of weeks. Toss the ball around, this is what I tell people to do. I call it tossing the ball around with AI. You're not doing anything mission critical. That actually matters to anything. You're just tossing ideas around there. Like for instance, watch this. Write a sales letter for a coaching program about creating Lego robots. Or you're looking for a fun and educational way to spark your child's creativity. It's designed by experienced educators project based skills. See, let's start generating this. For teachers, and parents, or your teacher, a parent looking for a fun engaging way to spark your students creativity, look no further on our program on creating Lego robots. Problem solving, critical thinking and teamwork so you could literally come up with any number of ideas off of this. By the way, I'm going to give you all a hint. If you make a coaching program based on using AI, it's an instant six figure business right now. In the next month or so easy.

[2110:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Generate 20 YouTube video titles based on this building a Lego robot how to incorporate robotics into your curriculum. Create the importance of STEM education, from concept to creation Lego robots for kids sparking imagination making learning fun.

[2117:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Teaching problem solving.

[2122:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Building for underwater exploration. Okay, write a sales letter for a webinar based on these topics. And usually I'll take like three topics and come up with a webinar for this or your teacher looking for a fun and engaging way. Look no further than our upcoming webinar about building Lego robots in the classroom. We'll show you how to incorporate robots in your curriculum, different strategies for problem solving and how to spark interest with underwater exploration. How to design the robots to use the classroom strategies to teach problem solving and how to use them to explore oceans and marine life. Now watch this, map out an eight week coaching program for parents and teachers. And describe each module in detail. Introduction to Lego robotics like this. So again, if you're struggling to come up with ideas for what should you offer, what should I create a coaching program around? What should I create a course around. You can use AI to help you process through toss the ball around Lego robotics. I know nothing about this. But it's just an idea that popped in my head that sparked my head and I was like, You know what, this is pretty cool. And then you could literally build offers and coaching programs around for these outputs that you're getting. I have a recipe that I created for Jasper it's under community.jasper.ai. It's on the second page. It's called perfect offer copy for coaches and course creators. And it actually has questions such as what keeps them up at night, what's their top three frustrations and helps you really build out your sales copy for your offer. Anybody can access this by going to community.jasper.ai. To access that recipe you go to the second page right here. Perfect offer copy for course creators and coaches. Jasper is finely tuned for sales copy and again, I highly recommend it as well as playing around with chat GPT tossing the ball around with AI as I'm describing right here. And as I'm Showing you how simple it is to just, quote unquote play around. To come up with ideas, write a webinar based on the topics above.

[2167:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right sales copy for a webinar about this program. Looking for a fun and engaging way, join our eight week webinar series on building robotics is designed to help them Yep, led by experienced educators awesome. So there's no reason to be stuck. There's no reason to struggle. There's no reason to wonder how can I make this work? When you have me in your corner, and I'm here to help you, you can get results. I promise you that. And I can't wait to work with some of you further. I'm going to head on over to the VIP now to answer your questions over there. Again, check the link on the email. If you don't have the VIP link. You haven't registered yet. Go find the link in the email. It'll be in there in your email to actually upgrade to the VIP again. And then we'll send you the login link. It's actually on the page after you register for the VIP. It'll be on the page. If you scroll down on the page. The Zoom login will be on there so that then you can access it from there. Okay, I'm gonna head on over to the VIP zoom. I can't wait to see you guys there. We'll talk soon everybody have a good one. And for those of you that I see on the five day in a couple of weeks, it's going to be amazing. I can't wait to see you then. Have a good one.

