MAY 6:Grow Your 6-Figure Group Coaching Business With Paid Advertising
Date: 2023-05-06T20:47:09.000Z
Duration: 101 min
Otter ID: LgwRecvo0r3oOHTFcoY4T0dEGR0
---

[80:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh? Hey what is up everybody welcome welcome welcome you're here on a Saturday This is amazing whoo LET'S DO THIS close down this and the music Well, listen, I'm pumped. I'm excited to be here, I hope you're excited to be here. Let's get excited. Because honestly, what I'm going to share with you, if this doesn't get you excited for your business, I don't know what we'll do when you can learn how to consistently bring in profit in your coaching business, and you can rely on that profit to come in, month after month after month, even if you take a month off in a group coaching business. That is a feeling unlike any other and for the last seven months, my wife and I, we brought in $650,000, in sales in our coaching business, using paid advertising to get all of our clients and I've been in the coaching, mentoring, education space for last 20 years, I got my start as a video editor. And I'm gonna talk a little bit about that in a second. But for the businesses that I have co built alongside founders, we used paid advertising to do that. But here's the thing with paid ads, what worked 10 years ago doesn't work. Now. What worked five years ago doesn't work. Now what worked a year ago, with paid ads doesn't work now. And so I'm going to go over the stuff that you need to know specifically, right now to make your paid ads work. Maybe you've used the platform, maybe you got shut down, maybe you violated rules, maybe you got rejected, things like that, I will tell you this, if you've had your ad account shut down, now is a pretty good time for you to create a new one. They are re approving a lot of people who have been shut down especially because their their stock is down. And so keep that in mind. However, if you're promoting something that goes against what they allow, they will shut you down. So keep that in mind. Okay. So before we go into this, because I mark it and find people with paid advertising who have never heard of me before. And it just proves our system works. The fact that you're here proves that. And so I'm just gonna tell you a little bit about myself. Like I said, I've been in this industry for 20 years. If you notice, I'm a lot more laid back, chill. I'm not super like hyper professional, quote, unquote, I'm not all polished. I am I'm here with video game memorabilia. I'm wearing a streetfighter shirt, I got my cat here at my desk with me cuz she likes to join us. And so if you're somebody who enjoys a laid back, relaxed environment, and we can have a conversation about what makes paid ads work, as if you're here in my office as if we're having a coaching session as if we're having a time together, then you can get some results. If you're somebody who is here, just to nitpick and find you know what's wrong that I'm talking about? I don't even know why you are here. But for some weird reason, sometimes we get a few of those people on these goals. So I just got to point that out, is listen, I'm not going to be for everybody. Not everybody is going to resonate with what I say. And some of you are shocked that I'm even saying this at the beginning of a presentation like this, like, you know, my gosh, shouldn't you know you only got one chance and the first impression, you're not setting a good first impression with me right now, Jeremiah, as you will learn in the coaching, mentoring space, that really doesn't matter that much, especially when it comes to you running paid advertising. And my system that I teach people is what we call, attract and repel, attract and repel, what you want to be able to do. And and this is often misunderstood if I didn't explain it the right way. as me being a jerk to people. It's not for me to be a jerk or control anybody. It's that for me to make the most amount of money, the best financial return in my coaching business. And for me to actually close the most amount of sales. Every dollar that I put into paid advertising is a risk that I'm putting out there to the marketplace. And so how can I be certain, as certain as possible that I'm going to get a return on that well attract and repel as part of that. And so the the big part of it is that we really want to repel anybody who is not a good fit for our programs for our training for ultimately what we have for sale in our business now. I don't have anything to sell you on today. That's the good news. I'm not going to make a sales pitch At the end of this, so you can relax, you can calm down, you don't need to worry about me making some kind of veiled sales pitch at the end of the training, or you having to guard your wallet, because I'm not going to ask you to buy anything at the end of this. What I am going to ask you to do, however, is to take notes. And if you don't have a chance to actually watch the whole training, upgrade to the VIP, it's only $7 You'll get lifetime access to the recording, what I'm going to share with you is what you can apply at least in the next six months as an add strategy in your business. Okay. So for the last 20 years, I've been solely working in the coaching, mentoring, speaking and training online course creation space. Okay. I've that's the only industry that I've been in. So if you don't fit into that realm, I don't have much advice for you. I don't know very much when it comes to the agency business. How do you get agency clients couldn't tell you I couldn't tell you. I had I had some agency clients, they were all word of mouth. So I couldn't tell you how to grow an agency business not qualified to e commerce. How do you get ecommerce sales, I don't know, never done it. But what I can tell you is that if you're growing a coaching, mentoring, training, if you're an author, if you're a speaker, if you're building a personal brand, and you want to know how to stop grinding all day on social media, how to stop having to post five to 10 times a day and come up with a bunch of content. You want to know a lot of our clients, they don't post every single day on their social media. And they have massive success with paid advertising. They have almost no social media followings in fact, because this system doesn't require you to have a big organic following. This is about paid advertising, about making an investment into going out there to find the people who are a good fit for your program. Okay. And so if you're here today, you want to make six figures in your business, just the fact that you're here today proves that you want to make six figures in your business, because we mentioned this at the top here, how to bring in 20 to 40k per month with paid advertising, okay. So you have to actually make money in order to have a business that pays you that much. Let's bring up the screen here. Let me move my site over here. There we go. 20 to $40,000 per month, how do you expect to do that? Well, you got to spend some money to do so. And so if you're here today, you're saying I just want to dream clients, I don't want to actually make any money. I don't want to profit. Or I'm in direct sales, network marketing, e commerce a marketing agency. If the fact that all of this is written here, and you're still here today, or you're just super critical, you're here judging how I'm talking how I'm stringing my words along and how how I'm not perfect and all of that you're probably going to just have a terrible time for the rest of the day. Watching me and it would be way better if you just logged off and didn't watch the rest of the training for both of us. Okay, because I'm just going to lay it all out. I'm going to just be my authentic self and I'm not going to try to pretend like I'm anybody that I'm not to please anybody to to Okay, well, this is my business. Can you just answer this question of here? No, I'm not going to. This is specifically for just to reiterate, coaches, mentors, trainers, speakers, who want to make a significant income in sales. With group coaching, not one on one coaching, okay, one on one, coaching is not a sustainable way to make that much money using paid advertising campaigns. And this is beginner friendly, it doesn't take a lot of tech. If you're a newcomer, this will work for you. Okay, here's my wife and I right here with our newborn son Halston. And

[312:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom was the one who actually showed me how to do this was how to work only five to 10 hours a week, while having a growing family in the coaching, training and mentoring space. And so I got my start in this industry actually seeing my mom build businesses online. Some of you know who she is her name is Sandy Krakowski over at a real change.com Maybe you've heard of her Maybe you followed my mom and I for a while over here, and we help clients, we help coaches, trainers, mentors, attract the right clients make more money live the life of their dreams. My mom retired from coaching in that realm. And now she focuses on stock market trading. And I work with her still to this day, helping her write her landing pages and her copy and her offers and running her ads as well. Okay, it's kind of a family thing, family business thing. And so but I have my own business as well over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And so if you're here today, you found us through a paid ad campaign that we ran to find coaches, trainers, mentors, speakers, who want to use paid advertising to grow their business. Okay. So I got my start 20 years ago working for a lady. Her name was Danny Johnson. In the personal development space, we put together CD and DVD products, this business made 10s of millions of dollars. I saw firsthand what it takes to grow one of these businesses, we actually sold these on CDs and DVDs. And then I went on to bring all the skills that I learned from that into working with my mom helped scale this business to over $20 million using paid advertising. And we actually launched and sold one of the first ever paid advertising courses, I've tracked this Mo, like we were one of the first ones ever out there in the marketplace in 2020 1120 1220 13. Talking about using Facebook ads to get clients. And that's how we got every single client in my mom's business and we continue to use paid ads to get clients to this day. Okay. In 2018, I started this business that you're here right now. And I set out to help speakers, trainers, mentors and coaches for the last five years, solely in my own business to help them grow and get more clients and make more money than they ever imagined. And one of the main clients that we worked with was a company called worship coach and worship coach focused on helping songwriters to write better worship songs and to essentially become a famous worship songwriter. A lot of the people who taught as part of this program are Grammy Award winning artists. And we worked with this guy here, Rick Pino to build this business. Selling seven day free trial $97 A month coaching program, we scaled this business with Rick to over $1 million dollars per month in coaching. And every single client in this business came through paid advertising, okay. And then in my business. In the last seven months, my wife and I have made $650,000 in sales. Every single one of those clients has come through paid advertising, okay. And you notice when you sign up for this training, there were a number of testimonies and case studies and people that we've worked with and coached and helped over the years on the landing page. Here's here's just a just a little hint to this. Every single one of these people on here. There's Rick, there's my mom. This is Joshua Giles, we helped him make over $140,000 per month in his business scale, the seven figure coaching business using paid advertising. Don, zero to 35k a month using paid advertising. These are clients in our coaching program, helping them make multiple six figures using paid advertising using Facebook ads and Instagram ads, we help the Campbells build a six figure coaching program using paid advertising. And so our system that we use is built around running Facebook and Instagram ads that are targeted to who is the very best fit for our coaching programs. And how do we define that? Who is going to get the most results? Who is going to be the most impacted? Who is most aligned with the offers that we put out there? Who is the closest to being able to apply the system and so if you're here right now, just by the fact that you're here and how we have all of our stuff set up. You are in the right place and you are somebody who is You're closer than you realize to making multiple six figures in your coaching business. Okay? Some of you are saying, well, I just I'm just started out, I get that even if you just started out the system that we use will work for you. Okay. But here's what I want to address the belief that running paid ads is super risky. By the way, it's actually true running paid ads is very risky, you can lose a ton of money, you can lose all your money. But the belief is that it's always going to be that risky. And then I can't create a campaign that is predictable or know what's going to happen, I'm just gonna have a runaway credit card budget if I'm not careful. While that is possible, if you don't watch the ads, and don't set up a campaign, the way that we're going to show you how to when you actually follow what I teach in our system, on average, a losing campaign for my clients actually usually doubles their ad spend, or breaks even. I have yet to see, one of our clients actually lose a lot of money in their campaigns. Now, have I lost money with paid ads? Yes, we have not everything as a winner, we actually ran a campaign with Rick lost $40,000. Like that's a lot of money. Well, he had that to lose the next month, he made over over $600,000 in sales. And so you know, it kind of applied to that, and it sort of back ended that type of sales. All right. But most of the time, we operate with conservative budgets that anybody can do, that anybody can start with, and you don't need to, this is a huge lie that's out there. You don't need to have a seasoned ad account. You don't need to have a seasoned social media profile, you don't need to have a massive email list. In order to run paid ads, you don't need to have a bunch of organic sales. In order to run paid ads. It's a huge lie that's out there. The method that we teach you is this now there is some risk involved. And the budget that I recommend most people start with when you're starting from ground zero is about $300. Okay? Because if you lose that $300, you're out 300 bucks. Is that painful? Yes, it is painful. But on average, when you run about a 300 to a $500 ad campaign, that's the right amount to be able to test your messaging, to see what kind of results you get to see what kind of feedback you get to be able to dial things in. So that you can make 10 to 20 times this ad spend. In fact, a lot of the ad campaigns that we run with our clients bring in over the life of the client 30x. And we've actually had a couple that go all the way up to 100 times the ad spend. Now that's over the lifetime of the client. Okay. And so when I say that as as like, with Rick pinos million dollar a month business, we were spending only about $10,000 a month in paid ads, and the return over time, across the board, from the baseline free trial to low ticket offers all the way up to high ticket, created that type of return. But what we're seeing that most people do, is they run a simple campaign 300 to $500 budget to start. And we utilize artificial intelligence to like chat GPT to do all of this. Okay. What most people don't realize about running paid ads is that they've been using artificial intelligence from day one. AI is all over the news right now. Okay.

[471:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the hot thing. It has revolutionized how we actually build businesses, we use the AI to come up with exactly what to say in our ads with to come up with exactly how to target our ads and to come up with what to put in the advertising campaign. But the algorithms everybody knows about the algorithm, right? The algorithms have all been built on artificial intelligence from day one. From day one, the very first time out the gate that that Facebook appeared on the scene with advertising. Those have been algorithmically driven artificial intelligence campaigns. How does the AI? How does? How does Facebook and Instagram know to show you an offer or an ad at a specific time? If you go over to Facebook, or you go over to Instagram, and let's just scroll and you see an ad like this? Swipe the emails. Hey, online business owners, I'm sure you get a ton of ads for coaching and courses and things like that. How does it know to show you those ads? How does it know, to show you any ads like this artificial intelligence. And the AI tracks how users on the platform interact, what they spend time looking at. So if somebody's actually watching your ad, clicks on it, the algorithm is tracking all of that inside of the website of Facebook, unless people opt out of it. And so with that the AI knows way more about your target customer and who they are and how to find them than you ever could imagine. Something shifted, however, about five years ago when Mark Zuckerberg had to appear before the Supreme Court. So Mark Zuckerberg, was brought in and had to talk with Congress. And he had to stand accountable for how he makes money in his business. And if you remember the Senate hearing that he was in, in 2018, I watched the whole thing. It's right here. It's 10 hours long, you can watch it on YouTube. It was it was a life changing moment for me watching this because it changed the entire ads game based around this topic of Cambridge Analytica. Okay. So the reason why he was brought before Congress was because it was so easy back in the day, before this happened to run paid ads that you could literally get like you could get so you would know way too much about your target client, about what their interests are about what they're doing. Practically in their bedroom. At that point, when he appeared before Congress, here's what's funny is what happened. They never they never told him he had to do this. But they locked all of that up and made it proprietary, and they hid all of those controls for running paid ads from people then something else happened. Did iOS 14 iOS 14 changed the landscape for paid ads forever, how Apple's changes may significantly limit your marketing efforts. Okay. And so this happened when Apple announced that they would no longer allow users of their iPhone devices, which happened to be the most popular devices to be tracked with the with the Facebook platform and to track who visits your websites. And so what ended up happening is, we have a double whammy. Prior to 2018. It was like the wild west of advertising. And truthfully, it was it was way easier to to sell anything with paid advertising back then. Like you could you could throw up the weirdest things. And you would just get buckets of sales coming in without even having to try to do that. Well, with iOS 14 And then after the Congress hearing all of that disappeared and all of that stopped and here's what ended up happening. Facebook went behind the scenes and they redeveloped how they run paid ads. And this comes from back behind the scenes meetings that I've had with people from Facebook, Facebook engineers, Facebook developers about how they actually target their ads. And what they decided to do as they use what they call, they started a new part of the Facebook company called meta AI. And meta AI has been leading the way with AI research for years, because what meta realize is that they needed to release AI resources in order to actually make their ads work. And so they have a system that they call llama. It's a foundational 65 billion parameter, large language model. Again, you don't need to know what that means. But how does this affect you? what Facebook did when iOS lock them down, and after Congress happened was they shifted everything onto the advertiser all of the responsibility out of the advertiser, they used to give you all these tools, to be able to, to to target the right people and find who to target and all these different ways to do that. And they locked all of that down. And here's now how we target the right people, you want to know how it's actually going to shock you, because it goes against almost everything that you could possibly imagine about online marketing. The words that you put on your landing page the words that are actually on the page. So if you've ever used chat, GPT, or any of these AI apps, you know, that they generate words, and we actually use chat CBT to help us come up with a lot of the words that go on our landing page will reverse engineer that back into Facebook, and back into how their algorithm works. And what it does is when you run a paid ad, it is reading what the words are that are on your page right here. This is why specifically, we put at the top who it's for, and who it's not for. And so the algorithm is reading all of this information right here. And then it's reading the text that's in your paid ads, if you if you go over to Instagram, the text that's in the ad right here, the text. And they also transcribe what you say in the ad, by the way, video ads, work 10 to 20 times better than graphical ads by themselves. We recommend everybody run video ads, and I'm going to show you the very best video ad script here in just a second on how to craft and create video ads that convert to sales. Okay. And so what they do is they have, they have a machine that runs in the background, and it ends up it takes whatever you say in a video ad transcribes it takes whatever text is in your ad, copies it into a little bucket, and then takes whatever's on your landing page. And it mixes all of that up. And then when you target your audience on Facebook, it finds the people who are most likely to become a customer of yours by the AI reading what is actually in your advertising and then showing it to more people that are more likely to actually take action with you. Okay, so when we run this, you notice we have a VIP upsell a VIP upgrade on the back end of this.

[625:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: The VIP upgrade is right here. And for those you who grab the VIP, I'm excited we're gonna be able to jump into a private zoom session afterwards to answer your questions. Plus, you're gonna get the recordings. Plus, I gave you some incredible bonus trainings. Honestly, this one is one of the most valuable it's taken from my high level coaching program, my client growth accelerator program, all about creating ads effectively. Okay, it's only $7 For you to grab this and you'll get the recordings to this session. You'll get the recording to the q&a with this. Well, here's what we do. We tell Facebook, go find me as many people as possible who are going to take action on this $7 upsell. And the AI goes to work for me to actually find me those people. And so what we do We actually give it a pretty broad group of people. And since we've had enough people come through our system over the last seven months, remember I told you we made $650,000 Over the last seven months, we're able to then take that data of ultimately, who has checked out our client growth accelerator coaching program, this is our paid coaching program right now, you can't even enroll in it, you can join the waiting list. Open enrollment is not going to happen anytime soon. It is closed right now. And we do not allow anybody to join or to come in. At any given time, if you join the waiting list for this, you'll get an email as to when we open the doors to the coaching program. Okay, like I said, I got nothing to sell you at the end of this. But what we've done is we've taken anybody who has checked out or joined the waiting list for our client growth accelerator. And then we tell Facebook, okay, create a bucket of those people. And that bucket is what builds our entire business. So that that bucket is called a look alike. audience. And if I could just explain to you what a look alike audience is, let me see. Explain a Facebook look alike audience to a third grader. From the gas chat GPT to give us That's like having a birthday party and inviting friends who are similar to your best friend. Imagine your best friend likes playing video games, eating pizza, watching cartoons, Facebook helps you find more people that like those same things, and they will probably enjoy your party too. That way, it's more fun, because there's more people to have in common. They do this for business to help them find more customers. So the idea is, I'm able to take who is on my waiting list right here. And that goes into this bucket. And then what Facebook does is they find me 15 to 20 million potential people who are most similar to those that either join the waiting list or checked out my client growth accelerator. Okay. And so we've had a few 1000 people, check out our client growth accelerator. And then we have that that 1000 group of people right here, tracked through Facebook, in the bucket of the look alike audience. And so then we run our paid ads, to this audience of 15 to 20 million people, based on again, the algorithm, reading the copy, reading the sales copy of what we actually put on the page, they even read what's in the images to it then finds in that bucket of 10 to 20 million people, the exact people that are most likely to register for and upgrade to a VIP for an event like this, okay. And so that's how you run your paid ads as you that you're essentially filling the bucket, filling the bucket filling the bucket with more people in your lookalike audience. And that dials in this audience that you target right here. And you can fill that with not just people who visit your website, you can fill it with people who watch video ads, or people who engage with your social media content. And so for a lot of you, if you've been a coach, if you have a group of people that engages with you, or has visited your website over the course of the last six months, or you have an existing email list, you can upload that into Facebook. And then have it create a look alike audience to target people. Now, you might be saying, What if I don't have any of that data right now? No problem. No problem at all. They give you broad targeting to be able to do this because the algorithms now for the paid ads are based off of what is on your landing page and your offer page for your coaching business. Even broad targeting works really really well to find the right people for you. Okay, because it's reading what is this text on this page right here? What are you saying in your paid ad? What are you talking about? On the landing page on that offer? Now, here's here's another thing that changed, the world got shaken up. See, we've had three massive shifts in our world that have happened since 2018 For the last five years, and it's funny, that was the year that I set out to build this business 2018 I set out to build a business to help coaches, trainers, mentors, scale their coaching businesses, using paid advertising. And and I'll tell you, the first client I was literally at their house because I was doing a lot of one on one consulting with clients, I would go into their house and I would help them do that. Don't do that anymore. I got a newborn baby. i Our business has grown. I don't need to do that anymore. I other than maybe my mom, you know, I'll go to her house, but Zuckerberg was in the Senate. So just imagine back with me 2018 I started my own business, I left my mom's business, I'm no longer working with her anymore. I gotta pay the bills. I have a brand new wife that I just married six months prior. Probably not the best choice for first year marriage. But you know what we made it through. We love each other more today than ever. And then we love our son. And we have an amazing life. We live in Austin, Texas, and we're, we're about to buy a house in Georgetown. It's incredible. The life that we live in really is. So I set out the first year in my business to help coaches, trainers, mentors, and speakers scale their businesses with paid advertising. And then bam, Zuckerberg is in the Senate. And they're talking about how they're shutting everything down for running paid ads. So I had this whole way of using paid advertising that was like, so easy to get customers for people. I'm like, oh, that's gonna be easy. I'm gonna build a whole business around all the stuff that I know. It's gonna be incredible. Slap, Zuckerberg changes everything. The Senate changes everything. And then iOS 14 happened. When did iOS 14 launch? I actually want to check that out. So yeah, so 20 2018 was when Zuckerberg went to the Senate that changed everything about paid ads. Luckily, the way that we ran paid advertising campaigns still worked. After those changes were made, then COVID happened COVID-19 happened December 2019 2020. So that shifted the whole world what happened? Everybody came on online. There was way more competition in the coaching space, the mentoring space, the whole world learn how to use Zoom. You know, not very many people knew about zoom. Prior to COVID. We were using zoom back in back when they were we were probably one of their first customers using zoom, teaching people how to how to run coaching businesses, using zoom and do it all online, all virtual, we ran our business with my mom all virtually. And so COVID-19 happen, a whole rush of coaches, trainers, mentors, the speakers came into the market. And now everybody knows how to do coaching. And here's what happened then. This is prior to even iOS 14 happened. Prior to COVID-19. You could send an ad, you know my accelerator that I have, I could send an ad straight to my accelerator page. I could send an ad straight to this page right here. And I would get clients like crazy joining my coaching program without even trying. That's how we scaled my mom's coaching business to over

[783:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: 3500 in her group coaching, we scaled great pinos to over 3000 But we did that after the Zuckerberg thing happened but before iOS 14 Now iOS 14 has happened. The whole world has changed the whole world the shift and one know what ended up happening is you can no longer send people after COVID-19 happened. The marketing landscape for coaches, trainers and mentors completely changed. You couldn't just send people straight to a coaching offer. You have to send them to some kind of a funnel where they give you their name and email address. Okay. And here's why is because Sure, you can send them straight to an offer you want to what's gonna happen with your ad spend, you're gonna flush it down the toilet. The fastest way to lose money is just sending people straight to a coaching program that you have It might have worked prior to COVID-19, I totally get it, maybe you came from that world doesn't anymore because of market saturation, because way more people came into the market. So now, you have to actually get people on your email list. And you want to get the right people on your email list. That's why the sales copy and the copy that's on your page matters. Okay. And we use chat GPT. To come up with all that copy. Now I got some prompts that you can use that make this super easy, I'm gonna show you how we use those here in just a second. And so what you do with these is you have people sign up on your email list. And for coaches, trainers and mentors, the best offers that we have found that work are these live, video trainings, live zoom events, live masterminds live, either whether it be a one day for an hour and a half or two hours, or a three day or a five day event. And so having people sign up for a virtual event with you. And you develop an offer that makes a promise that people want, and you promote that to invite people to join you on video with you to hear you teach and train and mentor. And then at the end of that you're able to direct people to whatever your next offer is, or whatever your coaching program is, that is what has become required to actually grow and scale a coaching business. And so is it more work than it used to be? Absolutely it is. But if you're willing to do the work, it'll pay you dividends. And so how are we getting 10 to 20 to 30x our ad spend is by creating these virtual event offers and virtual event funnels to where we're able to drive people to an offer. And tell them about what it is that we have for sale and deliver value and deliver training to people, okay, so you can no longer send people just to your paid coaching program. So we tell everybody to do it is to build out a paid offer. This is the main coaching program and charge anywhere between 397 to $2,000, for this, that's your group coaching program. Okay. And then what you want to have is you want to have a free offer

[846:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you use to get their name and email address. And what you use this for is for exposure to find the right people, and to then direct them to purchase by building trust with that audience using video events like this. Okay. And so what you have to do is you have to actually develop an offer that people actually want. Remember I talked about, the algorithm uses the text that's on your offer, to determine who to target, the old methodology was just send them straight to whatever we have for sale. And if we can target it just right, then we'll get more sales. Now that doesn't work. So you actually have to create an offer that is targeted, in the words that you say in the offer the actual copy right here. And then that gets the algorithm to actually show it to the right people. And then once they're in front of you, you're on video on camera, you're then able to present them with what you do, what your methods are, how you help people, how you coach people, you're able to talk with them about the transformation that you bring into people's lives, you're able to impact people for free, using free training. And listen, it's not a bait and switch approach either. The way you want to do this is you want to actually deliver real value to people on your live event. Okay. And there's a whole process for doing this. I'm actually hosting a free event. Next week. It starts on Monday. Remember, I said I have nothing to sell you? Well, I do want to invite you at least to this next week called Launch and scale your six figure group coaching offer now I'm going to be going over how do you write your ads and how do you write your copy and all that here in just a second. After this, but we're going to spend five days together to really dial this in with you. The way that you make paid ads at work is by having an offer that speaks to what people want, what their desires are, what are their frustrations, and you position it in a way that talks directly with the copy that you use, and then uses paid ads to get people to sign up for your offer. Because they resonate with what the promised outcome and desire is that you're offering. For those of you that are here, right now, if you don't have an offer, that it's bringing you in consistent six figures, you're not making a consistent 100,000 200,000 $300,000 a year in your coaching business, then you need a six figure group coaching offer. And so we're going to spend five days actually developing your offer with you, your offer copy, how do you set it up to where you're attracting the right people to engage with you? How do you put it on autopilot the easy way? What do you actually say, to get people to take you up on your offer to get to actually get them to show up? And then once they're there? How do you convert that to sales. That's what we're going to be going over. During these five days together, it's specifically for coaches, trainers and speakers. And this is the system that all of our clients are using right here, I'm going to walk you through our entire high level system that we use of how we put offers together to help you get more sales in your coaching business, I teach what's called the six steps to six figures. Okay. And these six steps any of you can do at any given time. Number one, niche, you have some kind of a niche, that you are training people on coaching people with directing people to some topic that you're going to coach on, okay. And we just did a training last week all about how to start a coaching business from scratch. If you don't have a niche, and you don't know how to find a niche, you don't know how to get it. If you upgrade to the VIP for this event right now that you're on right now. There was a bonus training in there. It's my finding your niche bundle, because I know a lot of people that join trainings like this, and they're really lost on this. And I'm not going to cover a whole lot of that those trainings will help you with that if you're still at that stage, where you just don't even know what topic to make a coaching business on. But you know, that you can make the kind of money that you want, you can when you want to grow a six figure group coaching business that will help you with that, as well as other bonus training that you get on creating Facebook ads effectively, absolutely incredible. I break down step by step for an entire hour actually crafting and building out the very best ads that you can, okay. Plus, you get the bonus q&a that we're going to go into here in about 30 minutes, we're going to hop into that in a in another Zoom Room and in a separate Zoom Room just for VIPs to be able to answer your questions Plus, you're gonna get the recordings to this training. Okay, so these are the six steps you start with your niche, then, and this is where most coaches trainers and mentors get it wrong, is they think that they have to create a bunch of social media content, that to build their brand, they have to come up with a bunch of trainings, they have to create a bunch of courses create a bunch of material No, what you do is you just write copy. What is copy copy is words. Okay, why is it called copy? I don't know why it's called copy, but it is a in the dictionary. The word copy if we if we break it down here in the dictionary means a matter to be printed. Okay? So copy can be a thing that is similar to something else like a photocopy a specimen of a particular book or record, a matter to be printed right here and specifically sales copy, sales copy is text that is written to sway a consumer in a specific direction. And here's what ends up happening is that copy is what is going to sway the algorithm to show clients to you to bring the right clients to you and your business. And so everything that we start with Starts With Writing this offer copy maybe you're confused on all the technology and all How do you build out An offer and all that, again, we're going to be going over that during the five days together, jump into that with me, it's completely free, I'd love to have you join us for these five days. There is also a VIP upgrade for this five day event. And if you upgrade before Monday, May 8, it's only $23. So you're gonna save $167 off the regular price of the VIP upgrade. When you go over here and you register for this event. On the next page, there's a VIP upgrade offer right here. And what do you get with that? Well, you're gonna get the five days of training with me, but you're also going to get five days of bonus q&a to ask me questions. After each session, as we're building out your offer, you're gonna get five days of me hands on with you in your business. To help you put all the pieces together to help you combine all of this, plus, you're gonna get the recordings of the trainings. Plus, you're gonna get the recordings to the VIP sessions. And you're gonna get these four bonuses, you're gonna get my chat GPT sales letter bundle, where I'm going to break down with you. This is from my high level coaching program as well the client growth accelerator, exactly how to write the correct offer copy. And here's what we do is in your offer copy, that's where you actually map out what you're going to teach in the training. That's where you actually come up with what you're going to walk people through, specifically, okay. As well with the VIP, you get these other three bonuses getting unstuck, to take massive action, fun and freedom, the new stress free approach to business, and VIP mindset training all for $23. When you upgrade before midnight, Monday, May 8 for the five day event. And listen, I'm excited because I know that this is this is going to be one of the best opportunities out there for you to start to put together that strategic offer to start to work these six steps right here, what some of you are like, Well, there's only two steps right there. These six steps are what builds a multiple six figure coaching business. Step number three, you create your landing page, you create the offer. Step number four, you promote it with paid ads.

[1002:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then step number five, you actually do your sales pitch, your presentation on Zoom, step number six, we analyze those results. So a lot of you are thinking about running and promoting with paid ads, and trying to figure all of this out before you even have an offer to promote to people. Before you even have something to put out there to people. I'm gonna challenge you in this too, is that can actually be a habit and a limiting belief that stopping you from success, this need to figure everything out before you put something out there. Okay. And so if you're here today, and you don't have an offer, trying to run paid ads is not going to get you more clients and your business you have to actually build an offer. And so that's what we're going to work on during these five days together to launch and scale your six figure group coaching offer business I'm not I'm not saying that to harp on anybody. It's just this is a natural human thing. I've worked with 1000s of clients, and coaches and mentors. And what I see where a lot of people get stuck is they're trying to figure out step number four. How to Run paid ads. Step number three, all the tech stuff. How do you put all the courses together? How do you put all that there and they're completely ignoring writing their offer copy, they're waiting until they figure all of this out? Before they build an offer. They're waiting until they figure out all the all the stuff over here until they actually build out an offer. And so I want to challenge you today is to if that's you, if you're like I need to figure out all these Facebook ads stuff and I need to figure out all the tech, I didn't figure out how to get the pixel and how to do all that and all that. Breathe. Relax. It's going to be okay. I'm here with you, to help you, to guide you to walk you through the right path step by step and that's what we're going to be doing during these five days together. Okay, it starts with you creating an offer. And every single offer starts with written sales copy. And when you write that sales copy, you're able to map out and come up with exactly what you're going to be selling to people exactly who you're going to be promoting to all the words that go on the page. It starts by us writing these words right here. These words, and we use AI to help us do this. And then you're able to actually build out what are you going to help people with? The AI can help us come up with this as well? How are you going to coach people? How are you going to guide them? What topics are you going to help people with? Then what's really cool is what dials the cost down is something that we call the feedback loop. Okay, so what is the feedback loop for all of this to work, it's all built around the feedback loop.

[1055:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: The way that we can feel confident that we're going to deliver results to our clients, is the feedback loop. So you need to develop a feedback loop system for capturing feedback about who you coach, what are their biggest struggles and frustrations? What is stopping them from being successful, and you want to gather this from hundreds of people, we actually have a file in our business that is over 74 pages long, with anonymous feedback that we've captured from people in the last seven months that have joined our classes as to what they want to learn as to what they're struggling with. And so what we do is we just filter this into chat GPT. Let's just take this right here. I'm just going to copy this from this feedback loop. We'll throw this into chat GPT and we'll say, find the top main pain points and struggles from this list and create a list of possible online training course topics that we could teach to grow our email list. Based off of the feedback responses, and chat GPT has been able to give us this information. Well, this group of person they're looking to find their knees to starting with self doubt, overgeneralization narrowing it down, creating and validating a signature offer balancing a broader and specific audience identifying and solving problems for their niche. And so these could be different trainings that we could put together in my business based off of that feedback. Discover Your profitable niche a step by step guide to finding your ideal audience. Overcoming self doubt, create irresistible offers, how to address a specific audience. Okay, and so what we do is we start with figuring out what the feedback from our clients are. Now if you're just starting out and you don't have that feedback, chat GPT can simulate it for you. So the way that we haven't simulate it, is we go into chat GPT and I do what I call just playing around with chat GPT Okay, so here's what I want to encourage you on. Get an account with chat GPT plus, it's the very best AI that's out there because you get the GPT four model and the GPT four model is the most advanced artificial intelligence model for generating marketing copy sales copy and it's the best at writing Facebook ads. I just want to show you how quickly it can turn this into a Facebook ad generate PDF copy based on the above and convert it to for Facebook ads for a free class about the above are you struggling to find your ideal audience this free class will help you find your profitable niche

[1111:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I wouldn't actually word it that way or write it this way. Sometimes it doesn't always output how we want so we might want to reword the prompt right here based on the above then separately convert these PHS copy to four separate Facebook ads there we go. So what this is gonna do is gonna generate problem agitate solution copy every Facebook ad uses the problem agitate solution copy framework. That's what we're doing is we're having the AI, find the problem, agitate, being stuck, and then generating Facebook ads off of this. struggling to find your niche, unlock your potential with this free class Discover Your profitable niche boosts your confidence as an entrepreneur overcome self doubt and thrive. So this is generating a couple of different types of campaigns and ad copy for US based off of some of this above content. Once we get really, really specific, let's just say that we're talking about creating irresistible offers for our audience. We always start everything with this prompt process. And I have a prompt document that I'm actually going to give you that you can download. You can actually go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. At the very top of my website, it says free chat GPT prompt download. Okay, so these are chat GBT prompts that have made us and our clients eight figures that we use to write all of our offer copy and so you can get instant access to it just by simply putting your name and email address in here. And then the document opens up right here and it's a Google Doc that I constantly update that has tons of chat GBT prompts by the way, those of you that are mindset junkies, these are pretty fun. It simulates a therapist, or shadow work or even a Bible teacher if you want it to writes out affirmations helps find repressed deep memories for trauma and, and therapy and mental health. Now, obviously, it doesn't replace the therapist. But I found that in between sessions, this was a pretty cool thing. So I put this right at the top here, mindset prompts, you get all of my prompts. All of the Okay, so we've actually developed a really cool set of different prompts that allow you to start and figure out what your niche is. This one right here sales, copywriting niche identification q&a questions, if you're struggling, this will actually ask you a series of questions to identify your niche and dial in a sub niche. I love the sub niche generation one because we can use this to figure out really cool ideas for our offers. Okay. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna copy this idea, based on the idea of creating an irresistible offer for your audience, generate me 20 possible sub niches, online course creation for entrepreneurs, social media marketing, personal branding, email marketing strategies, okay. So I like this email marketing strategies for online businesses. Let's do that. Let's say that we're going to create an offer. create me a sales letter for a free online webinar, training about email marketing strategies for Atlanta, manures. And how to create an irresistible offer. That sounds about like what we teach people on anyways. By the way, you can use this for anything. You can use this for any niche, any topic, but what we start with is we tell it to create a sales letter off of whatever that topic is, or whatever that niche is. And that starts feeding the system that starts feeding the AI that starts feeding the machine with data before we even have a feedback loop generated. And what it does is, again, these words, it's the same way that Facebook finds the right people for you. It's going to generate words that directly align with a person who wants to learn about email marketing and irresistible offers. Okay. And so then what we'll do is we'll go take this prompt right here and we're going to have it list out all the pain points. Our target customer difficulty reaching audiences through email struggling to create compelling offers overwhelmed by email marketing platforms, automation tools, by the way, again, chat GPT plus, it costs about $20 a month for you to use. It's worth every penny to get access to the GPT four algorithm but there is a limited access you get about five messages every day that you can use. If you go to forefront.ai they have it's completely free to use forefront chat which is GPT for absolutely free for you to use. Okay, and so you can log into forefront chat here. Are and we can create a persona, I like this one copywriter. And we can give it that same exact prompt right here to write a sales letter and it's tuned as a copywriter. So forefront that API is a free platform that gives you access. So this is using GPT 3.5 Turbo, but you can go in and you can actually change the model. If you click on this right here, you can go to GPT four, and it will actually then give you a GPT four output, just like chat CBT, well, it's a little bit slower. But it'll actually read a lot better, the copy will be a lot better, it'll come out a lot better, and your ads will be better. So what we do is we take that prompt that finds the pain points, and all of this gives us this information in our already wrote some problem agitate solution copy for us. And then what we do is we say convert the above, to a Facebook ad. Struggling to engage with your audience via emails, tired of watching your competitors leave you in the dust, it's time to take your email marketing to the next level powerful email marketing strategies. And so what you could literally do is if this was your offer, that you were helping people with email marketing strategies, and honestly, I would sub niche down even more from this. If this was just me coaching somebody, I would say that that's not specific enough. So let's get even more specific in here. And you can use forefront or chat GPT to do this. That's funny, we're experiencing high volume on GPT. Four. We go. Basically the idea of personal development coaching here are 20 possible niches confidence and self esteem coaching, time management and productivity coaching. Let's take this over here and we'll go based on the above, generate me 20 possible sub niches, online fitness coaches, eco friendly products vegan lifestyle, personal finance, travel hacks and guides. Let's do travel hacks and guides. Watch now, how this is going to change your sales copy. Create a sales letter about email marketing strategies for online line travel hacks and guides, business owners and bloggers. Right. Who wants to know how to grow their email list? And how to create an irresistible offer. So now it's actually going to write that copy specifically for somebody who helps in a travel business. Are you an online travel business owner or Blogger looking to grow your audience? If you answered yes, you're in the right place, introducing our free exclusive online webinar training. Now watch this is if I take this and I go right here. And I say what I like to do is whatever the business is, I will say write this in the tone of a travel hacks and guides, business owner or Blogger. And it'll actually use the industry specific tone. Unlock secrets to skyrocket your travel business Hello fellow travel hacker and guide and doozies as a fellow travel business owner I know how challenging it is to keep your audience engaged and your business thriving. That's why I want to invite you to this webinar to show you how to grow your email list. We put this together because I've been in your shoes I've struggled to grow my email list and create an offer that actually converts. Okay, so what this does is this gets more specific to the type of business that you help and helps break down with these chat CPT prompts. What are their pain points? What are some objections that somebody would have to joining this and what we can do is we are able to get more specific more specific using chat GPT around this and this is before we have any feedback right? If you don't actually have any feedback from the type of business owner that you help, who do you coach who do you mentor? How do you help them

[1271:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to get as much feedback as possible from that person and then feed it into chat GPT to be able to do this right here. Okay, so difficulty growing an email list are going to create a compelling offer not getting the desired result. They think they already know everything about email marketing, they they doubt the effectiveness of the strategies of a free webinar, keeping their content fresh, low open rates, all right. So these are specific issues that would that would tackle I travel business owners become an authority in the travel industry gaining financial freedom and stability. Awesome. So then what we do is we filter this and we have what we call the outcome and results generator. And this is the secret sauce to the whole thing right here is you have the AI actually generate a potential dream possible outcome from joining this training, so the idea is you want to create an offer. That is, whether it be a one day webinar on Zoom, or a five day intensive like this, whatever that is, that's your free offer. And and generally, we like to use a VIP upgrade. And what your what you do is episode 179 Grow Your Life podcast. We utilize one very simple funnel strategy is you get people into your funnel, this is the funnel that we develop this for our business 169. And so you have an opt in page where people sign up with their name and email address free page. Welcome series of emails, you have an upsell for a VIP offer, which we find is very helpful to the business. And then you host a live virtual event, whether it be for one session one day like we have here. Maybe your upsell will be to a VIP q&a and the recording that usually works well. Or you'll do a five day like we're doing next week, right here. Okay. And so what you do is you create some kind of an offer that you're inviting people to around a promised outcome. And then you launch that with paid ads to the people who are actually looking for that. And the algorithm using the AI based on the words that are on your landing page based off of your offer copy, based off of the offer that you actually build out, will show your ad to the right people who are actually looking for that. And then that's how they become paid clients of yours. And that's how we are scaling coaching businesses like crazy to six, seven and eight figures is we create offers of what people actually want. And we take the feedback loop and we filter it back through the AI. And we find as many people as possible, who are looking to have that problem solved in their life. I'm trying to find as many coaches as many trainers, as many mentors and speakers that need to create an offer in their coaching business. Because if I can help you create an offer, I can help you make a ton of money. If you're not going to create an offer, and you're not going to work through the six steps, and you're not going to do the feedback loop. And you're not going to challenge any limiting beliefs that you have about technology, if you're not going to let hesitation and fear and worry stop you listen, I'm going to shoot straight. That's what I do. I'm going to shoot straight with you because you need to actually know what works, what actually produces results. The reason why I fully believe that this event is the best chance that you have, as a coach, as a trainer as a mentor to get the town of sales that you want is because of the testimonies in cases that that have come out of this. And if you knew what I know, I I Teach this to people all the time and a ton of people get it and they make a ton of money. But there's a ton of people that they're stuck. They're just not quite getting it. I want to talk to you real quick. Can you trust me for five days to walk you through this process? Or are you somebody who is willing and teachable and willing to learn a new method that's different than what you've ever done before? Join me for these five days. Join us for these five days we're going to spend time together as a community working on your individual offers so that you can bring in more sales and paid clients and your business impact way more people serve and wow your clients to watch the results you've always dreamed of. Show up faster. start leveling up as a coach start getting better results with your organic This actually helps your organic, your organic isn't gonna go anywhere without an offer, you need something to send people to, to get them on an email list, and you don't need a huge email list. But you need to put together an offer that connects with what are those desires that your target customer has. And so then we use the AI and we're gonna be using the AI together during the whole event to figure out what people actually want. And then what we do is we use the outcome generator right here. And it's imagining a possible potential client, the AI is actually going to go to work to create a fictional narrative of the potential future results of somebody who's actually going to go through this program. Okay. And this, the reason why this is the secret sauce is all of your offers have to cast a vision. For the future result, you need to make some kind of a promise about the promised outcome is every single one of you who goes through this five days with me going to make a half a million dollars per year. If you believe that I'll try to sell you oceanfront property in Arizona, because just I can't guarantee that you go through a five day free event with me, and you're gonna make a half a million dollars, but are you going to have the system that you could, if you actually applied it, and you did it 100% 100% You are getting the V system that is working right now, in the coaching business, in the coaching industry, that brings in more clients consistently, and predictably. And here's the thing with paid advertising, I told you all about the changes, with Zuckerberg in the Senate and iOS 14, and all the stuff that changed in the landscape. And so the system that we teach, is the one that's working right now, for coaches, for trainers, for mentors, to where you don't have to work more than five to 10 hours a week to where you can actually start to predict your paycheck to where you can actually start to have consistent revenue coming in and break out of the feast or famine launch cycle. I'm telling you, you don't need to keep doing all of that. You don't need to keep doing discovery calls, you don't need to. You don't need to have setters and closes, we don't have them in our business. We didn't have them in Rick pinos business when we built that to over a million dollars a month, we aren't DMing people, we're doing this as a one to many model where you're not chasing the sale, but rather, you're getting the right people to register for your offers. And then you're able to present to them confidently, I'm going to show you, how do you present confidently? And how do you know that it's worth people giving their time to you to show up? Was this worth the time today? I know that it was. And for those of you that don't think it was you can write my office and send me whatever nasty email you want later. Okay, but I know that for some of you that this was the ticket life changing for you, these five days are going to take this to a whole nother level. It's completely free for any of you to join. And I would be honored and excited. If you spent five days starting next week at 3pm, Eastern 12 Pacific. And the recordings of this will be online until May 16th, the Tuesday after you will be able to to watch the recording. So you have a couple of days to watch the recordings for free, won't cost you a thing will change your life. And you can upgrade to the VIP and you get those five days with me. The five days in the backstage pass oops. In a Zoom Room together, where we're going to be able to meet and I'm going to be able to answer your questions after each session. Each session is an hour a day. Okay, you'll find my face on here. I'll tell you a little bit about it as well in this video right here. I'm here in my office. Okay.

[1429:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're gonna get those five days with me? To answer your question. The session is an hour long. And so after each session, we're gonna go into another Zoom Room and you're gonna be able to ask me questions in an open zoom conversation. Anything you need help with to get guidance and coaching and your business I told you, my coaching program isn't even open right now. The doors are closed, I'm not even pitching. I'm not selling you or pitching you on anything. But what I am telling you is that these five days are going to be life changing for you. And if you upgrade to the VIP it's only $23 until midnight on the first day go through the whole first day with us spend the whole first day with us. And you have till midnight that night to decide to upgrade to the VIP and get this same price that we're talking about here today. $23. Okay, you get the five days of coaching with me. The recordings of all five sessions are we're going to break down the six steps, building your feedback loop system, building your irresistible offer, creating your ads, creating and scripting everything out for you. By the way, I mentioned but again, the chat GBT prompts that gives you all of that right there. If you go to advertising, check these two out right here. If we turn this off or copy based on the outcome into a Facebook ad watch what it writes us

[1455:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chad JpT is the is the is the is the key my friends, travel bloggers and business owners unleash the power of email marketing struggling to grow your audience and revenue. Discover proven email marketing strategy. So imagine that that was what you were helping people with chat GPT goes to work to be able to write your offer and ads copy for you. And then we have a prompt right here that actually writes our video ad scripts are you a travel blogger business owners struggling with a stagnant email list. My name is your name as a coach and I have helped countless enthusiasts skyrocket their revenue with my proven strategies. I want to invite you to my free webinar, email marketing strategies for travel hacks and guides entrepreneurs. In this training, you'll learn everything about how to build a massively engaged email list. Now here's what I'll do rewrite this video script in a conversational informal tone. Hey there travel enthusiast. So you tired of watching your email is barely grow? I totally get it. I've been running my own successful business for a while now. But guess what I've helped loads of people like you turn their passion for travel into a thriving business. So you see how it's able to write your video ad script for you even by asking it to do that with these chat CPT prompts. So you're able to write your offer copy, you're able to write your ad copy. You're able to write the language of what you put in your offer. Here's another prompt that I love for creating sales letters. Hey, their travel buddy, are you struggling to grow your email list? I know what it's like I've been there too, trying to turn my passion for travel into a thriving business. And feeling like I'm getting nowhere. Let me tell you a story. I started the blog of my dreams I had dreams of reaching people. But the reality is my email is barely grew. My offers just weren't grabbing people's attention. So the idea is it's writing that copy. And this prompt is a little bit different. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above and a conversational informal and persuasive tone. And specifically follow the format. Are you tired of issue or problem? I know what it's like I've been there to share an empathy story and give an invite to the webinar. And then we have actually rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Gronkowski because a lot of the sales letters that I wrote for Sandy, the AI and the algorithm are trained on and it actually writes the copy like I would write it when I tell it to write it in the tone of Sandy Krakowski. It's really really cool. Rewrite the above in the tone of Sandy Hook kowski Hey there fellow traveler, leash your travel business with our free webinar, feeling fed up with your email list not growing and not cutting it. I totally get it. I've been there done that, trust me. I know the struggle. And so that's in the sandy Krakowskie tone, which is a incredible sales copy type language that will fit for your for your webinars for your offers. And so what you do is you take this sales copy, you put it onto a landing page, where people register with their name and email address. They're able to sign up for a training with you. And then you make offers to those people and you're able to target your ad strategically by using chat GBT to write your ad copy can convert the above to a Facebook ad Hey, their travel buddies tired of your email list not growing or fallen flat. I get it. I've been there too. But I discovered the power of email marketing ready to unlock this join our free webinar. And so what this is able to do is you're able to use chat GBT and we would copy whatever this produces for your business straight into that. And then you could do anything even ambiguous Write a sales letter for Hindu dating coaching. Unlock the secrets of your perfect Hindu match. Are you searching for your soulmate? Finding it difficult to navigate the dating scene we've helped countless singles like this is just a total one ad type of offer from what we were doing and they can create those types of offers. Write a sales letter for Madden Football, video game coaching. Dominate the grid iron with our exclusive Madden football coaching program. Are you tired of constantly losing against your friends? Do you wish you could learn the strategies and tactics of a formidable Madden Madden player, you know, let's take this sales letter for RPG video game development. And it can just you can iterate this for any niche, any company, whatever it is that you're doing. You're able to iterate these different topics and then use the different prompts to figure out client pain points, what are they struggling with, and then you filter that back into your offer. And that's what gives you the language that goes on the page, that then actually tells Facebook and tells the algorithm who to show your offer to Okay. And so that's how we put all that together. And we use chat GVT to come up with our ad language and we use it to come up with our our, our video ad scripts and what do we say in our ads and all of that. We record our video ads with our cell phone, we launched them. And we go really broad with our targeting. Here's something else that you can do here is if I wanted to target Facebook ads for this webinar, what are 20 possible detail or broad targeting audiences to try. We use the default model. We could try travel bloggers, small business enthusiast digital marketers, online business owners, social media managers. So the these are these are wide ranging broad audience, but because the way the algorithm now works, where it actually uses your offer copy, even if you go really really broad with your targeting digital nomads, freelancers, things like that. And you get more specific as to these detailed targeting audiences. Traveled bloggers, social media business owners. So this gives you ideas of who you could then target with your Facebook ad in the Facebook Ads Manager. If you don't know how to use the Facebook Ads Manager, you're stuck on all of that YouTube is going to be one of your best friends, you'll be able to go to YouTube and type in how to use Facebook Ads Manager. And there's literally trainings like that are up to date. That's funny two years ago, but it says 2023 they're up to date for you on how to actually do all the technical aspects of using the ads manager. And so you can go through any of these YouTube trainings right here to get access to incredible information that will help you on the tech aspects of that. So for for the rest of you listen, I'm excited. We're gonna go head on over to our VIP with everybody for this event, there's still time to upgrade to the VIP if you want to just go to this page, put in your name and email address or go to the link for the VIP upgrade. So right VIP upgrade, made dash six. And then there will be a link when you scroll down to the Zoom Room that we're gonna go into for this second session right here for this for this one. So we're gonna head on over to that for everybody else. For all of you really go on over to my website, I'll send you an email with a to join us for these five days for the launch and scale your six figure group coaching, offer five day intensive, it's going to be incredible. It's going to be amazing. upgrade to the VIP before midnight on Monday, May 8 for $23 to get those five days of bonus training with me Bonus q&a Bonus coaching to help you grow your business plus you're gonna get the chat GPT for sales letters entire training where I break down how to do that from my high level coaching program. We go in depth about writing your sales letters, we're going to be spending time helping you to craft your perfect offer, position it how to put it on autopilot what to say to get people to actually take you up on the offer and how to read those financial rewards that you want. So Register now for the five day intensive. I can't wait to see you there. It's gonna be exciting. It's going to be amazing. It's in my last sin send off until we know that we actually I'm going to the VIP here. Now for the people that are part of this event here, we'll be going into that for for everybody else. Make sure that you get registered for the five day intensive. Go grab the five day VIP. And I can't wait to see you there. I can't wait to help you launch that perfect offer. Grow your coaching business to 20 to 40k a month with the right coaching offer with targeting the right people with speaking the right language to get those kinds of sales that you want. All right, everybody. We'll talk soon. I'm gonna go head on over to that VIP room here in just a second. Have

