November 11: Start Your 6 Figure Group Coaching Business From Scratch with A.I.
Date: 2023-11-11T18:48:11.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: qvie9QCVZQ1fXxNdgzTK_SAlo38
---

[156:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey what is up everybody? Welcome welcome welcome bring the music down hello hello let's pause the YouTube video by the way and tied to the timer right here. It's the timer YouTube video. If you saw the little YouTube link, it's it's the it's the timer. I opened it up on YouTube. And there it is. All right. Hello, everybody. Welcome, Welcome today to this training all about starting your own six figure group coaching business. How do you get started? What are the things that you need to do to start from scratch? How do you know what the right path to take is. And here's the thing that I want to address today. By the end of today's training, I want to give you certainty, I want to give you clarity, I believe that coaches, trainers, mentors, course creators, change the world, that there are people out there that need, what you can help them accomplish. The problem is, is that we second guess ourselves, if we have anything of value to bring to people, and maybe that might not be you. And I get that. And if you're super confident, and you think that you're God's gift to mankind, and you just gotta know how to get clients. That's awesome, that's great. You know, maybe some humility would help but joking, but like, not really. But like, those of you that are like, Hey, I don't know where to start, I don't know, if I have value, I don't know what I should do, I want to just talk to that here for a second, okay. There are people right now you have information and knowledge, and you know a little bit more than they do. And you can help guide and direct them to where they want to go. And they will be willing to spend money with you to be able to help them do that. You don't need to be the top world's best Mount Everest, top of the mountain knows everything expert. And that's a big lie. When it comes to this business, you just need to know a little bit more than the people that you're leading. That's it. And I guarantee you, if you're you've been on planet Earth for more than 2030 years, you probably know a thing or two about a specific area that you could package and mark it as a program for somebody. The other thing is, is this, I got faith in you I got a faith in your ability to learn things that maybe you don't know right now. And that's something that I think is a powerful human trait that we can do is that we can start with a little bit of knowledge, and we can learn a whole lot faster than we give ourselves credit for. And then by learning that we can help other people as well. Now, I'm not talking about you selling something that's not actually going to help people I believe that generating results for your clients is the most important thing when it comes to creating a successful coaching business. If results aren't generated, then why are we even doing it. But sometimes we might have some doubt about getting started. And we might have all of these ideas, and we might not be sure which path is the right path to take. And I remember I was talking with one of my clients the other day, Sherry, she's like Jeremiah, I've not made six figures. But I know that I have a method that can help people make six figures with courses. And I said, Well, what have you accomplished? And she's like, well, I've actually built courses and programs for the last 20 years. I'm looking, okay, amazing market that you have a track record of that. It might not look like Oh, I'm a multimillionaire. And you might feel like oh, well, I'm not at that level. Yet. One of the greatest things that stops people from being successful in a coaching business is comparison. We end up comparing ourselves to where other coaches and other mentors are at we think I'm not where they are little old me, I'm not where they they are listening again, if that's not you, if you're super confident, if you're like, Listen, I'm smarter than everybody else in this room. I know way more than you do, Jeremiah, and I know way more than everybody else, cut the crap, just show me how to make money, I get it, you're also going to get value from this as well. And that's usually the two categories that a lot of the people that I meet fall into, they either basically are super smart, no a lot, or they're just starting out. And they're like, you know, I'm not sure which path to take. Both can be successful. But I have a word of warning to those that are the smart ones. Okay. And that's important for you to hear. I have found in my experience, the smarter you are, the more qualified you are as a coach, the harder time you will have actually making money as a coach.

[226:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: This comes from my experience over the last 20 years building in this business, because you almost you almost know too much about what you do. And it will prevent you from effectively being able to sell it. Now I know some of y'all might take that as a challenge. And I get that and prove me wrong. That's great. But I've seen it like nine point 99% of the time, is that the more somebody knows about a topic, the harder it is for them to actually market it overall. And so that's why when you're starting out learning how to communicate your coaching in a way that connects with people, persuades them, gets them to become a client of yours is one of the number one skills that you can learn but a little bit about me and I'm just going to share this with you. Number one today is not going to be a sales pitch. Some of y'all Like, you know, what's he selling at the end of this, I'm not selling anything. And so what I'm going to be teaching you is how to actually get started with your own six figure successful profitable group coaching program from scratch, and how we're able to use artificial intelligence to save us time and to brainstorm. And before we go any further, I'm just gonna get this out of the way, I'm not talking about using AI, as a supplement for your own knowledge and brain, I see people talk about this, you know, I'm just gonna press one button on AI, and it's gonna create all my courses, and it's gonna sell for me, that's a facade that's a lie. That's, that's really crappy and low quality. And that's not what we do around here. What we do do though, is we show you how to use AI to actually brainstorm and actually come up with ideas to actually help take what you know and what you think and help you decide on what the best path to take is. And that is powerful. And I would recommend if you're a coach, trainer, or mentor, and you're not using AI, or you're wanting to get into this business, and you're not using AI to absolutely learn how to use these tools, because there are people right now your competitors, and other people that are out there that are using AI that will eat your lunch, because they are able to market sell and coach better than somebody who's not that's just the facts. And so whether you like it or not, I know some people are not comfortable with AI, they think that it's taking over the world, it's making things worse, when you know how to use it the right way, it is a massive benefit for coaches overall. So a little bit about my background, and why I quite frankly feel that I am qualified to help. A wide range of people here today with this topic is I've been in the industry for 20 years. I've been in the coaching, training, mentoring course creation industry for 20 years, and my own business in the last year has made over a million dollars in sales. And over the time period of my past 20 years, I have helped multiple businesses that I've been a CEO of create over $10 million in sales. So I've been a CEO of a coaching business working alongside a coach and built multiple 10 million plus dollar coaching businesses. So in this and what does that include, it includes writing books and includes creating courses, that includes doing seminars that includes promoting a personal brand, building a brand from zero to something that makes millions online. And some of you might be overwhelmed already, by me saying millions understand this, that what it takes to create $5,000 A month $10,000 A month $20,000 A month is the same process that it's going to take to get you to a million, so you got to get to 5000, then to 10,000, then to 20,000, then to 50,000, then 100,000 To make a million dollars, there's a process and a step by step of doing that. And what I have done is I have cracked the code of what to do at every single step. What stops people what prevents them whether you're a beginner, or you're already successful, I can help you be successful. And so I got my start working with a company. The name is Danny johnson.com and is going to kind of pull up a few of these websites here. Danny johnson.com This was over 20 years ago started working with them creating their seminar marketing their online classes. They actually they didn't sell online classes back then they sold DVDs and CDs. I actually helped put a lot of these together do a lot of their marketing and help them make millions of dollars 20 years ago with their trainings and programs then those y'all know who my mom is Cindy her kowski I helped her build this business to over $20 million a year coaching, training and mentoring people online on what it takes to grow their family's wealth. Then I started my own business five years ago, I was running Facebook ads for people. I took what I knew working with my mom ran Facebook ads created funnels did all that. And a year ago, I completely retired from running ads for people and building their landing pages and actually working for people and have been coaching and mentoring others and in my own coaching business. We've generated over a million dollars in sales in the last 12 months. Another client of ours that we helped his name is Rick Pino over at worship coach.com. This is a Christian music coaching program, we help this program generate over a million dollars per month. That's over $10 million a year using the exact strategies that we're going to show you here today. Okay, so no matter where you're starting from, whether you're just getting started, or you are established, these methodologies work, okay. One of the problems is, however, is that a lot of people think well, I need to start with one on one coaching. And that can be the furthest thing from the truth. I had somebody trying to argue with me with this on social media the other day and I and my experience, I think that one on one coaching is one of the biggest waste of time that you could do because you're trading dollars for hours. I think that getting a group of people in front of you, and having fun with a group of people, and literally, you heard the word right, I said, have fun. I want you to make your coaching business, not so stinking serious, and start to have some fun with it. Why don't know why? Because having fun with your coaching business, making it fun, is what's gonna make you a ton of money. That's one of the first things that I noticed that a lot of people do wrong is they take it way too stinking seriously, they take each step so seriously, and so meticulously and things like that. And I'm telling you, from my experience, that's a recipe for total absolute failure, I get that maybe that's your personality. But I want to encourage you in this, you, you know what Having fun is like, you know, when you're doing something that you feel excited about and confident. And when it comes to the coaching and mentoring and course creation business. Not having fun as the fastest way to make sure you never make any money. It really is. And I have people that that will put this to the test. And they said, Jeremiah, you're absolutely right. When I had fun, it finally created results. For me, one of my clients, Ian Carroll, he applied what we're teaching here today, made over $40,000 a month in his coaching business. And I remember I had a call with him about a year ago. And he was like, you know, how does this all work? And it was very methodical and very, very rigid and put together. And I was like, here's the thing, listen, one of the best things is just to kind of lay down the facade, and have fun with it. And I can tell you to this day, it's been amazing. I've seen the results from him being with us in our program, generating over half a million dollars in his own business. And I promise you that if you apply what we teach here today, you can set yourself up for success on that path, as well. Okay, so one of the biggest problems that people make is that they're not charging enough for their coaching. One of the biggest mistakes that I see people make is that they're trying to, quote unquote, establish themselves to gain traction, by giving away free coaching, by doing everything for free. And by not charging them a bunch of money. And they're like, Well, you know, I'm not good enough yet to charge 500 or $1,000, I want to challenge that. I want to challenge that thinking, today, I'm going to challenge your thinking, I'm going to challenge everything that you thought that you knew about this business. Why? Because I want to see you successful. See, that's one of the problems with trainings like this, unfortunately, trainings like this are usually done by marketers that are just trying to sell you on a program. Then when you actually have somebody like me who wants to see you get results and tells you the truth, it might make you feel a little bit uncomfortable. So understand, if I make you feel uncomfortable day today, it's because I want to see you successful, it's because I can't beat around the bush, I've tried that. I've tried to quote unquote, be nice, and it just doesn't work. I would rather see you wealthy, and some of you hate me, then to just blow smoke. And it not produce results for you. How many of y'all actually want to know the brass tacks of what works and produces results, how many you want the truth that most people hold back how many you want to know the actual stuff step by step that works, instead of just what's going to send you over here and waste your time trying to get results. And you would rather save time, compressed time and start to get results in your business. That's what we're going to be helping you here with today. But it's not going to sound like what you're used to. And that's my disclaimer here that I have to bring up, bring forward. I'm not going to sell like what you're used to.

[382:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's why our system works. That's why our clients make more money than most every other program that's out there is because we don't teach what everybody else is teaching. That's just going to have you going through the motions, and wishing you knew the strategies to make more money. We're going to actually give you what you can apply to get results. The first issue that we run into is how we're thinking about making money. A lot of times people feel like well, you know, I gotta be at a certain level, you know, put up or shut up, I gotta get results for people and I got to have a track record until I have a track record. I can't charge enough. The truth is this your ability to sell and market your coaching is what matters the most. Your ability to get people to believe that you have the answer to every single hope and dream that they have prayed for is what produces results has nothing to do with your actual process or what you're coaching on. I'm gonna say that again. And this is one of the most controversial things I say but it's the most truthful thing If I didn't say this, I would be hurting you as a coach. And because I have a heart to actually see you succeed, I'm willing to say things that people don't like. Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing are more important than results. And I promise you, somebody, some of y'all are gonna leave this training right now, because of how you're misinterpreting what this means based off of your own preconceived notions about this industry. Listen, I get it. There are coaches out there that have no integrity, no honesty, don't produce results, defraud people and make a ton of money. There are people that are less qualified than you making a ton of money and not getting their clients results. Oh, my goodness, how much more? Would you who has integrity? Who had who is honest, who has a system that produces results, and somebody who actually cares about people? Should I market the heck out of your business, so that we can change the industry so that we can change the narrative. I'm passionate about this more than anything else. Because I'm tired of seeing coaches and mentors, say, Jeremiah, I went through 10 programs, and nothing helped me. The problem is that because of that, it makes people believe that to be successful in this business, they need to focus all their efforts on getting client results. Hear me out, getting client results is super important. It's actually one of the most important things to me. I can't I can't sleep at night, if I don't produce results for what people pay for I absolutely can't. In fact, I could not show up here today, if I didn't know that what I'm sharing with you works. You have to make sales and marketing, the top priority in the amount of hours and energy that you spend in your business. And this is one of the biggest mistakes that people make when they're starting a coaching business, as they're so focused in on, well, I got to prove myself and I got to make sure that people believe that I'm good enough. And I got to make sure that I produce the perfect results for everybody. Listen, you could do all the right things. And you will still have people that choose to not do what you're saying. Case in point. What I am telling you right now, is the most important thing that you will ever hear from any coach or mentor about this business. And yet 90% of you will completely not follow what I'm saying. And you will go after this over this. I don't have control over that choice that you make. Understand that. So the best coach and mentor doesn't have control over that. I'm not going to put a gun to your head and make sure that you focus on sales and marketing. Is that my fault? If you decide to not do this, and then come back later and say Jeremiah, I didn't make any money. No, that's not because what I'm doing is that I am delivering the very best of my ability, what will work for you, and what will produce results. But I can't control what happens after I give you that information. I can hold you accountable. I can follow up, I can connect with you, I can see how things are going. I can check in, I can help answer your questions that can help break past limiting beliefs. I can help you get past any blocks that you can have any of those things. But at the end of the day, if I'm not the one actually building your business for you, I can do all the right things. And there will still be people who are not going to get results because they have chosen to not do so themselves the responsibility falls on them. And so I want you to understand that from the get that the responsibility of your clients getting results. It first and foremost falls on you to give it your very best shot at coaching people and listen, I'm talking about your very best. One of the biggest mistakes that I see people make is they're waiting until everything is perfect and they can guarantee that everybody gets results before they put themselves out there. You will never know enough and be good enough to be able to guarantee that I don't mean that to sound harsh or a messenger of doom towards you or anything like that or to be negative at all. I want you to flip your perspective on this as a positive. Because of this, we might as well market the heck out of the very best that we can do, we might as well put ourselves out there. Now, instead of waiting until later, when we feel like everything is perfect. One of the greatest things that stops people from being successful is fear of other people's opinions, fear of disappointing people, and perfectionism. And when you can break past the fear of what everybody else thinks about you, when you can break past perfectionism, and I get where it comes from, maybe you have been trained, you know, cut, measure twice, cut once, if it's not perfect, don't do it at all type of mindset. And one of the superpowers of a coach and mentor is that we're very critical of what everybody else should do. And we become very critical of ourselves and what we should do. And we consider that to be why we're qualified to be a coach, I can tell you, it's one of the biggest detriments, if you do not focus your energy on sales and marketing over results. Again, hear me out, don't misinterpret this based off of some false narrative that you think that I just said that I didn't say, I never said not to produce results for your clients, if that's what you heard, I have no clue where you got that from. produce results for your clients. focus as much of your energy on sales and marketing and bringing in new prospects as possible. And don't, because if you're focusing in on just results, see, here's the big facade, I'm gonna create so many results, people are just gonna tell everybody about me, and I'm gonna have this business because it's just, I'm just got so much value, people are gonna see it. And that's what it is create value, put value out there. And value is just going to create value, it's going to generate business. I'm sorry, but that's one of the biggest lies in this industry. I see these memes. I see these quotes that people have that they pull from Facebook ads, and YouTube and Instagram, that gurus have said, and I'm telling you, it's lying to people. It's keeping them broke. How do I know this? Because they're in my programs, quoting them back to me asking me, why am I not making a ton of money in my business? And they're telling them listen? are you marketing your business? Well, no, I'm getting the foundation's together, I'm getting everything set up. And I'm telling them listen, you got to start marketing your business. And as soon as they do, the results start to come in, the results start to happen. And so that's one of the first things that we need to address when it comes to you being successful in a coaching business. What are the limiting beliefs that are holding you back from actually being successful? In a coaching business? Is it that I don't have enough time, I don't have enough money, I don't have enough clout, I don't have enough track record, I don't have enough training, I don't have enough courses. I haven't spent enough time on this. I don't know all the things, whatever it is, whatever your thing is, we have to address that lack and scarcity mindset first, okay. Because that's one of the biggest things that stops people, I don't have enough results. I don't have enough knowledge. I want you to realize that right now, today, two things are true. And your brain may try to convince you that they're not. Number one, you have all the resources that you need to be successful, and make six figures as a coach and mentor today. And some of you are like Jeremiah, you don't know my situation. That's not true. And unfortunately,

[540:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm here to tell you this true, because there are people that have struggled way more than you with way less resources and been very successful. It's all about your perspective. It's all about what you don't know that you don't know right now. And so can you just admit right now that there are things that maybe you don't know, some blind spots that might be holding you back from actually being successful making the kind of money that you want to make as a coach and mentor? If we can admit to that, if we can agree with that, and we can say listen, there might be some things that I believe to be true today that I might be holding to that are actually stopping me from being successful. One of the number one things is I don't have fill in the blank that you think that you need to be successful. I don't have the clout the track record the connections, the following the mindset, I don't have the confidence, the time, the money, whatever it is, fill in the blank to be and then follow it up with to be able to be successful as a six figure coach, and I can promise you that whatever fills into there, it's not true. Its own Let your perspective about what you believe. Because there are people in my own program that I promise you have less of those things and are making six figures. Because they have applied what I'm saying. So that's one of the number one things that I want you to challenge is your own beliefs about what you think you don't have, that you think you need in order to be qualified and in order to be financially successful, okay? Because our society today convinces us of that corporate America convinces us that our college system, gosh, one of the hardest things I've seen the people who come from an academic background, have the hardest time with this that I'm sharing right now. So I want you to rewire and reprogram your brain, what I'm teaching you, by the way, is the most ethical, highest integrity, most honest way of building a coaching business. Do you trust me? Do you trust what I'm saying today? Do you trust that this process is going to help you create a world class coaching program, that this process is going to help you impact people's lives positively? You know, I used to do trainings like this. And when I just shared with you for the last 30 minutes I had people just get so pissed off about and they would tell me, Jeremiah, you just wasted my time for 30 minutes actually get to the point already. And to be honest, it made me question, you know, is it worth it to talk about what I just shared? And I can tell you unequivocally it absolutely is. Because it's the absolute foundation of everything else that we're going to be sharing here today. If you don't believe that success is possible for you, that financial success is possible for you. You will struggle with everything else that I'm about to share. So I want to ask you this, do you believe that making six figures as possible for you right now? Or do you believe that there are things that you don't have that you need in order to be successful? The only thing that you lack is knowledge. And I'm going to give you that knowledge here today. Okay? I need you to have the vision of making six figures as a coach, I need you to see yourself making six. And if you're already making six figures, making multiple six figures, if you're already making multiple six figures, I need you to see yourself making multiple seven figures. Okay, I need you to see it in your mind's eye. What does your life look like? Not your bank account, I want you to get a vision for what is the life that you are creating for you and your family. This is one of the most important things by the way that has made me successful. You know, one of my mentors told me this, when I was struggling in my own in my own business, I have generated eight figures of results with my clients. But I was struggling to make seven figures myself. And this is one of the number one breakthrough techniques that took me from making six figures running ads for people to being able to have a seven figure coaching business. They asked me they said Jeremiah I want you to imagine separate yourself from the money. Imagine what is the life that you want to live for you and your family? What is the life that you want to create for you and your family? And I can tell you today, my wife and I we moved into a house that costs over a million dollars in Austin, Texas. We have an amazing, incredible, handsome, beautiful multiple words can't describe it because he's only 10 months old son Halston. I get to spend my time I have complete and total time freedom in my life. And I'm making more money than I've ever made. And it started by getting a vision for the life that I wanted to live in the life I live today is what I envisioned a year ago. So I want you to have a vision for the life that you're going to live when you're making six figures separate the money from the equation. Or when you're making seven figures. Put the money aside and imagine how you will live your life. What are you doing everyday? What happens when you wake up in the morning? Where do you go? What choices do you make? What things do you have? What relationships do you have? How have things changed in your life? I want you to visualize the dream life that you want to have today. Some of you might be saying, well, I'm so grateful I just have that dream life already. I have so much gratitude. I don't need anything else. All right. Listen, let's lay the self righteousness down a little bit. Okay, I think that's one of the biggest things that stops people from being successful as mentors and coaches. is self righteousness of us believing that we're better than everybody else because you know, well we don't have those issues. I don't don't have that issue, I don't have that desire. Okay, let's make this a level playing field here. Because that's what opens you up to being teachable. Instead of trying to defend yourself and listening to me and trying to prove yourself or compare yourself or trying to validate that you know better than what I'm talking about, can you just open your mind a little bit to a possibility of what might help you break to the next income level as a coach, what might take you to the next level in your life? Please, like, I want you to be able to actually hear what I'm sharing today. One of the biggest problems and issues that I have with people that they that they run into, that they run into is that that they come into a setting like this. And they're on the defense and they're trying to validate what they've been doing. And they're trying to see, well, Jeremiah, is there a nugget that you're actually going to drop, that's actually a value to me, I had somebody write me the other day, they're like, Jeremiah, I listened to five hours of your training, you haven't dropped a single thing I've never done before, that isn't helped me. And I'm like, gosh, you told me aren't making a dime in your business? That might be why. Because you listen to me through a lens of trying to compare everything and trying to prove yourself right, and why I'm so wrong, according to you. And so listen, if you're here today, and that's what you're doing, you're listening to me and you're comparing, you know why you're so right. And I'm so wrong, and you're not really connecting with what I'm sharing. I'm going to ask you politely to please leave the XOOM call. Now. Maybe you don't like my attitude. Maybe you don't like how I'm talking. Maybe you don't like how I'm connecting. And listen, I know for some of y'all, you're like, Ooh, that's a little that's a little aggressive Jeremiah, I'm not feeling comfortable. Understand that the reason I say that, so that I can level with everybody else here, who is actually teachable and ready to hear and learn something new. Okay, the only way that I can help you is if you are willing to challenge the beliefs that you've had up to this moment in time. The only way that I'm able to help you is if you're able to do something differently. And listen, I think the reason you're here is because what you've been doing isn't working. And you want to do something different I can I again, I could be wrong, you might just be here to you get pleasure out of just judgment, that's okay, awesome. But for those of you that are teachable, and you want to actually learn the brass tacks of what it takes to start a successful coaching business and how to use AI, let's dive into it. Okay, so one of the number one things that you need to do is you need to charge more than you are right now, whatever number you have in your mind that you feel comfortable charging for your coaching, I need you to double that number. And that's what I want you to charge. Okay, so if you're like, I want to charge 50 bucks, I'm gonna need you to quadruple that number at minimum to 200 and charge 200 For your next offer. For the next thing that you do. If you're like I want I feel comfortable charging 300 I need you to charge 600 Is that feel comfortable charging 1000. So I'm gonna need you to charge 2000 I want you to stretch yourself here today, I want you to stretch yourself out of your comfort zone, I want you to challenge

[694:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever has been holding you back up to this moment in time, because here's the thing. If what you have been feeling and doing up to now has been working, then you'd be teaching this call right now. And I would be sitting and learning from you. I don't mean that to be arrogant. But I mean that to say that by being here right now, you're going to have to do things differently than what you feel and what you think is the quote unquote best way to do it up to this moment in time and that's what I'm sharing with you right now. Okay, so you need to absolutely charge more for your business. Why? Two reasons you need to cashflow things. cashflow allows you to sell and market your business better by bringing in enough cash flow. You can bring in more clients. If you're in feast or famine mode, struggling to make money. You can't be successful, because you're just like, like you're you're you're you're barely scraping by. And so you have to get to the point where you're making enough money in your business to where you're actually selling enough in your business. I meet people all the time they argue with me on this to like, you know, I'll feel that way. Once I'm finally making money. And I'm telling you this you have to start there. You have to start with the end in mind. If I got if I'm challenging one thing here today, is that some of y'all feel like you got to wait until you reach a certain milestone before you're quote unquote, qualified to charge that much in your business. And I'm telling you here today in this The economy in today's economy. Number one, I study the markets, I have conversations with billionaires that know stuff that other people don't. The economy is only going to get more expensive. You need the cash flow things, in order to make this business work, you need to make enough cash flow in your business, to be able to have a business for you to break out of the critical, it's just a cute little thing that I do for free and into the it's a business that helps sustain my family and allows me to buy a house and the cars that I want and to go on vacations whenever I want. You know, we're planning an elaborate cruise in the Caribbean in the in the springtime, because we have an actual business that pays us to be able to do so. So you gotta first off break out of this thinking this miserly thinking of I gotta play small and stay small until I reach a certain level that I finally feel good enough to put myself out there at that level. Okay. And I know that there's more nuance to that. I know that you might, whenever I say that people are like, so you're telling me to fake it till I make it and defraud people and sell stuff. That's not true. Again, if that's what you heard out of what I just said, that was your own brain that made that up, because I never said that, okay. At all. I want you to build your business with integrity, I want you to build your business with honesty. I also believe that you can make a crazy amount of money with the resources and track record that you have today. Right now, it's all about figuring out what do people actually want? And when you can figure out what are the problems that people have, what they actually want to learn and what they actually want solved, you can make a ton of money in your business. And AI helps us be able to do that one of the biggest problems that people have with doing this is they're so focused in on themselves. They're so focused in on me, me, me, I'm not good enough. I don't feel confident, I don't feel ready yet. I don't feel like I can do this. With that belief system, you're not going to at all, because it's so focused on making yourself look good enough to everybody. When you can say okay, let's remove myself from the equation. Let's remove feeling like I'm not good enough from the equation. Again, those of y'all that are God's gift to mankind, this need not apply to you, okay. But I've been working in this industry long enough that I find that nine times out of 10 this is what stops people from being successful. And then the next thing is they're afraid of making the wrong decisions. One of the one of the greatest factors that separates successful entrepreneurs, coaches, mentors from those that are not successful is their ability to make quick decisions and their ability to decide on something. Even if they don't have certainty, or a guarantee of where to go or where to start. I'm gonna say that again. One of the greatest factors if I was to draw a line in the sand, broke, coaches, successful coaches, speed of decisions, and even deciding when I'm certain this might challenge your whole personality right here, and I get it. It's the number one thing that is going to make you financially successful. It's the number one thing that I see that keeps people broke, is they are waiting to quote unquote, feel ready. If you're sitting there and you are waiting until you feel ready yet, feel confident enough. feel ready to ask the right questions, feel ready to try this thing out. feel ready to test out chat GPT to test out growing your email allowed to test out hosting a live zoom event to test out putting an ebook together or marketing something that you can help people on. And you're not quite sure yet, if you got the perfect idea. That is one of the biggest behaviors that keeps people broke. And it's a choice. It's a choice. There are some of you here today, you're going to hear what I'm saying. And you're going to go out there and you're going to do something that is uncomfortable and different from your normal personality, of making a decision, even without certainty, even when you're not sure if it's going to work out, but you're willing to follow and trust the process. And you're going to start to see breakthrough. And there are others of you, you are not going to do a thing with what I'm sharing, because you got 20 Other reasons, excuses and ideas for why you're quote unquote, not ready yet. You need to lay the foundations and get everything ready to feel confident. I mean this. But like that just makes you feel good and better than everybody else. That's related to you, trying to validate why you're better than all of those quote unquote, other people out there that are quote unquote, flippantly and recklessly making decisions. I'm not asking you to be reckless with your business, but I am asking you to step out and start to do things, even when you are uncertain and start to redefine what you think of risk taking. Okay, there is no risk in you doing what I'm about to tell you here today. That's the good part. But some of you think there is. And that's the problem that's been holding you back. Is because you believe that the risks are way too big. You're too afraid of how are you going to look to other people? What are people going to think about me? How is this going to affect my reputation? Well, I'm a good Christian woman who ain't going to put myself out there and make myself look like some heathen in order to make money. I hear that from way too many people, by the way, women and men, I'm not willing to make myself look like one of those people out there in order to just make money. Again, if that's what you think it takes, I am not sure where you got that idea from. There's a lot of really bad thinking and teaching that people think is what it takes to be successful. What I'm teaching you here today is the highest integrity, most authentic, simplest, easiest and ethical way. By the way, some of you have a belief that simple, easy and ethical don't work together. What I'm sharing with you, is the simplest, easiest, least amount of effort path to be successful. As a coach, you got to break up with your stinking thinking, thinking about what everybody else around you thinks about you, and how you look to everybody else out there.

[853:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I know that might challenge your personality. While I'm an introvert. I'm gonna challenge that introverts. There are people that you feel comfortable around that you let loose around, that you are willing to have fun with, that you're willing to put yourself out there with. You can train yourself to be successful in this business. And so again, these are foundational limiting beliefs that I see that hold people back more than anything else. More than anything else. Okay, once we can break past this, here's what we unlock creativity in our brain, our brain is a powerful place that can come up with ideas. The problem is that when we're so focused on making the perfect decision, we take that creativity that's beautiful and amazing. And we basically go crumple it led on fire and throw it away, and it's impossible to access. That's what I've seen happen with most coaches and mentors, is they're so focused on making everything perfect and making themselves look good and doing the right thing, quote, unquote, that's going to make them successful. And it's essentially like taking all of their creativity, lighting it on fire and throwing it in the dumpster. And so if that's what you want to do, I don't know if I can help you. But for those of you that are willing to open your mind to the possibility of it might just there might just be a better way of thinking in life. There might be a better way of operating. There might be different path to take, I might be able to both be authentic, have integrity, and let loose out there and not be afraid of being too much, quote unquote, to everybody on social media. We get all of our clients and our coaching business, from social media, and running paid advertising, by creating irresistible offers that connect with what people want, and desire. And we figure that out by using artificial intelligence, and surveying people and getting feedback from people about what they actually want. And so the methodology of doing this starts with starting to chat GPT account and figuring out what is an irresistible offer that I can put out there to help people. Listen, I get it. But Jeremiah, I don't know which one to choose. I got too many ideas. I have too much stuff. I get it me to pick one. Or which one's the right one. Pick one. Well, what it's wrong, I want you to challenge that I want you to challenge this belief. What if you pick an idea for a coaching business? It's wrong. It doesn't work out for you. What does that mean about you? Do you have a belief about your identity, your value as a person, if you pick the wrong thing, and things don't work out? That's what you need to challenge? It is? Absolutely, because you're not going to bat 100. But wait, but this process that I teach is going to get you as close as possible to being successful in your business. Okay. Listen, I get it, I've triggered some of you today, I have triggered your fears, your worries, your doubts, your unbelief. What I'm about to show you is the simplest and easiest way to come up with what you're going to coach on. So what we do is we create an account with chat GPT. So chat GPT is a resource that was created by the Open AI company. And the open AI company created this artificial intelligence app called Chat GPT. We use the paid version of chat GPT, because the free one is really crappy. So the paid version is GPT. Four, right here, okay. GPT 3.5, is it can help you brainstorm a little bit. Again, if you want to use 3.5. You can, but it's better. And it's going to come up with much better ideas for you using GPT. Four. Okay, so it costs $20 to get GPT, four to access chat GPT plus right here, it's the most capable model. And what that means is it's smarter. All right. So here's what we ask it. Let's go in here. Let me let me remove my customers. Yep, customers directions are gone. All right, I am starting out as a coach, I have a lot to offer people that are not sure where to start. Chat JpT is an AI that's going to help you with this process. So first off, what we got to do is we have to define what our coaching niche is, what are your strengths and interests in areas that you can offer value the most, get proper training and certifications. Now, this is something that I partly agree on. I think that there can be some value in this. And like it says it's not mandatory, but it can help to lend credibility. You don't have to be certified in order to be a coach, you just have to know a little bit more than somebody else. And next we develop what is our coaching philosophy and methodology. And then we go out there and we build our brand. And then we gain expertise. And this right here is the number one area that I see that most people struggle with, is starting out in this process, marketing and getting clients and continuing to grow setting up their business. The problem is, is that people take advice like this from AI that says start offering free and discounted sessions. And there's a value to doing free sessions online, but not in the way that most people think the way that I recommend that you do it is very similar to how we're doing it right here where you gather a group of people with you on a zoom call and you start coaching from a group coaching setting. The problem is with one on one coaching, you're limited by just one person that you can work with at a time. You're limited by the hours that you have in the day. I don't have that many hours in the day, the way that you can live As a business to be able to create six and seven figures is by doing a group coaching program where you gather a group of people with you. And again, that's why it says developed your coaching methodology is step number three. So let's go in here right here and say, in chat, GBT, I'm doing a group coaching program, I have skills. I want to figure out the best niche to market and get sales. Choosing the right niche is a crucial step, assess your skills and passion, reflect on topics that you're both passionate about, and you have skill set in and then start to conduct market research, identify your ideal client, evaluate the profitability of it. Now here's the cool part is we're able to do this with a combination of using artificial intelligence, and testing out and trialing our sales and marketing. See, the problem is, is this, most people don't do their market research and don't test out their ideas. Until they feel like they're there, they got it all figured out. Like that's the full commitment. And that's the thinking problem that comes up when it comes to people that are just starting out, I want you to adopt something that I believe is going to revolutionize your life as a coach or mentor. That's called an experimentation mindset. Okay, and what this does is this removes all the pressure of perfectionism, your reputation, fear of, of getting it wrong fear of disappointing people, you have to be willing to experiment and put yourself out there and make your potential clients, your guinea pigs that you get to do tests on initially, when you're starting out. Here's why. Because if you're not willing to do that some of y'all this challenges your integrity a little bit, you're like I'm unwilling to make people a test subject if I haven't proven myself fully. Gosh, if that's the case, you might as well just give up on your dream of being a coach completely. Because you will struggle for the next 10 years, until you're willing to do this until you're willing to trial, some people out to do a trial run of coaching with you. Okay. So that's one of the first decisions you have to make. If it violates your integrity to coach people on a trial basis. I I'm not sure I can help you, overall. But you gotta be honest about it. What allows you to do that is being honest with people when you're just starting out, telling people what you have experience in what you're not the best in the world that overall, for me, I'm the best in the world at getting more clients in your business, and starting a coaching business from scratch and scaling it to six figures, I truly believe so. I believe that there are great people out there who also teach that.

[1012:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: But oftentimes, their clients come to me. And they're like, I haven't made a dime. And they come to me and they start making a ton of money in their business happens time and time again, people have gone to another coach, they've gone to another mentor, they've tried another program, they haven't made a dime with it, they've struggled, they got confused, they got overwhelmed. And when they're teachable, and they're willing to learn a new methodology, and they're willing to try something that's different than what the 20 other coaches before told them to do. They start to get financial results. And one of the first things I tell people is this, you have to adopt an experimentation mindset. Take the pressure off of needing to quote unquote, be perfect, right out the gate, make everything just be a test, run, make everything just be an experiment, even for the first year of your coaching. Even the year two of your coaching. I'm serious. This is one of the biggest areas that I think is going to transform your life. See, because when we put so much pressure on ourselves to quote unquote, okay, like, I got to fully commit and make this work and I gotta have a track record and I got to not ruin my reputation. I gotta get people to me results and I gotta, I got to do it all perfectly right and all that goodness, bah bah, bah, bah. It literally locks your brain out of being able to be successful. It takes that thing that's going to make you successful and rips it out and throws it in the dumpster. When you adopt When you adopt an experimentation mindset, it Literally unlocks creative pathways in your brain to where you're initial, putting yourself out there, building your group coaching is about learning, market research, testing to see what people respond to. And making it all just one big experiment. There's some of you right now you're listening to like Jeremiah, I ain't got no time for no experiments. I just got to make that money right now. I got no time to try stuff out. I mean, not work and make me a bajillion air in 30 days. Your lack of patience is what's going to keep you from being successful, because that mindset will make it to where it's going to take you 30 years to see results. They will, because I've seen it happen. There are people that I have met in my 20 years who said that exact same thing, Jeremiah, I got to produce results in 30 days, and I meet them 10 years later, I'm like, Hey, how's that coaching business going? You produce results, right? Man, I'm still figuring it out. I haven't made a dime yet. Okay. So again, I'm challenging your beliefs, your values, even at this point. Some of you think, man, if it takes me this long, if it takes takes me a year to become a millionaire, it's just not worth it that the time investment isn't worth it. Then it makes me sad. Because I know people that can be successful in 30 days, I know people who maybe have taken 90 days, I know people who've taken a year, but they eventually following the process, they start to succeed, want to know the ones who don't the ones who say I need it to work right away in 30 days, and then quit and give up and jump to another thing. Shiny Object Syndrome, they're not willing to actually follow through with something and they're just jumping from thing to thing to thing, that idea to idea, whatever whoever's the latest person that grabbed their fancy, whatever's the latest idea that seemed exciting that they have, and then never make any money. When you're willing to experiment, try things out just to see what happens. That's the that's actually the fastest path to success. It really is. There are people that I know who also say, well, Jeremiah, and just my integrity, I can never test on people without being guaranteed. They also struggled to be successful for years years on it, maybe not as much as the one who is impatient. Gosh, the one who is impatient, it's like, I see it in people more often than not. So if I could predict who will have the longest amount of time to be successful in their coaching business, it's the person who needs to make money fast. And they fight me tooth and nail on this to the person who is like is willing to actually go through the process that is actually see success much faster. Overall, remember, I told you I'm going to tell you stuff that maybe you don't want to hear today, but I'm gonna tell you the truth. I'm gonna tell you what's going to help you be successful. You got to work on your thinking about starting this business, you have to be willing to test things out to put an offer out there to experiment. And so one of the ways that we do this is we go to chat GPT and I say okay, chat GPT. I'm going to conduct a test experiment with an offer to a group of people to get them on a live zoom call in 30 days. What are some ideas to know the best topic to do for this?

[1105:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: conducting a test experiment is a great way to gauge interest identify the best topic, here are some strategies for determining it. Surveying potential participants, by the way we do that I have a document in my business where I have surveyed, everybody who joins any of our trainings and ask them what are you struggling with? What would you like to learn? Then the other thing is, is I will look at and I will analyze what are the questions that come in from people. I'll analyze the feedback that comes in. I'll host q&a sessions. We have a VIP q&a session. After this. I analyze those questions that come in from people all the time to figure out what are the pain points, what are the issues that people are dealing with? What's stopping them? Okay, and then we're able to bring that into the AI and it helps us create the very best offer that we could use to be successful. So some of you are seeing this right now you're like Jeremiah, and doesn't give me ideas to be successful as a coach. So let's take a step back here for a second. Okay? This AI by the way is very powerful. It is way more powerful than most people give it credit. It knows way more than we think it does. And we're using it to revolutionize our businesses and our clients businesses. By simply learning to dialogue with the AI. One of the number one skill sets that you can learn is how to dialogue with chat GPT and ask it the deeper questions to dive deeper into things. Let's take a let's take a side path here in this conversation. Give me a list of 100 possible most profitable group coaching group coaching niches that I could create an offer around and this is where chat GPT gets really fun. It's going to brainstorm with you some ideas that you could use, entrepreneurship and startup coaching, leadership development, executive coaching, digital marketing strategies, social media, branding, financial planning, real estate coaching, health and wellness, weight loss, stress management, yoga, nutrition, unhealthy habits, parenting skills. I know somebody who makes seven figures with just parenting skills, time management, creative writing, coaching, artistic coaching, remember, I told you worship coach over here $10 million business teaching people about Christian worship. Let's see. life change, divorce coaching, confidence building mental health, corporate team building software development, project management, interior design, fashion, photography, music, voice coaching, sports, Somalia skills, craft brewing, DIY crafts, I know somebody who makes seven figures selling DIY craft business, and home renovation and pet care. So these are all topics that people that are out there want to learn want to grow in. I know. Yep, nursing coaching. One niche that's even not on this list. new mothers who want to learn how to care for their child or how to have a easier childbirth. So these are all ideas that you could come up with for different coaching or training topics. And these ones specifically are ones that are really profitable. So you could pull from a list like this, you could ask chat JpT to give you some questions, and you can start to even question it deeper. Okay, let's take for instance here real quick. Let's do a debt management and financial recovery. Okay. I want to do debt management, financial recovery. Can you give me 20 sub niches of this. So what it is it's going to branch out and it's going to actually give you 20 topics related to this, that you could create a program around how to eliminate credit card debt, how to restructure their mortgage, how to budget personally, how to manage a student loan, how to plan for retirement, negotiating with creditors, so chat GPT can help you brainstorm some of these topics. Some of y'all are like, that's nothing to do with what I got. Let's try this. Let's try dance and performing arts. Let's re ask the question and let's tell it that we want to do dance and performing arts and ask it to generate 20 sub niches of dance and performing arts ballet technique contemporary dancing hip hop dancing, jazz and dance technique. ballroom dancing. I actually like this let's let's pause it right here

[1188:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: may see there's a there's a plug in I want to turn off on my browser that's getting in my way

[1192:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take hip hop and dance choreography and I'm gonna say this. What are 20 elements of hip hop and dance choreography? 20 elements that could be taught in a coaching program or course so if you've ever wondered, What can I teach people use chat CBT to take some of the ideas that you have, and see if it can give you Do a few ideas as far as what to do, here's a few different moves and techniques, different different things that it can do. Let's try this another way, let's say, generate me an outline for a lesson plan for an eight week program about hip hop dance choreography. Here's an eight week program outline, introduction, topics to cover activities to cover. objectives, goals, okay? So see, the idea is it's breaking down each of these for you and giving you step by step of what you could do to actually teach these different things for people. Let's try filmmaking in video production. I want to make a program about filmmaking and video production. Generate me an eight week program about this an outline for for it. Okay. So chat GPT can go ahead and generate this, the basics of filmmaking process, script writing, and storyboarding, cinematography and lighting. So any topic that you can think of, you can create, and then you could take one of these ideas, and you can make that be an offer that actually gets people to sign up and become a client of yours. And so that's one of the number one things that we do and that we recommend that you do is that once you figure out what you're going to coach on, okay? Just a sidebar here. I know some of y'all are like, Man, I'm still stuck. I don't know anything. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do again. Let's ask Chad GBT that question. If I have too many ideas to coach on, and I want to figure out how to pick one, what are some things that can help me mentally to do this? When you have multiple ideas, you want to assess your passion and expertise. Consider what lights you up. Look at what market demand is. The problem is when you're starting out, market demand is hard to gauge. So we're able to use chat GBT to help us at least guess a little bit on this. Consider where you're unique. And what approach makes you unique. Reflect on its long term sustainability. Okay, test your ideas out, align your goals. Going with your intuition, or gut feeling, by the way, this is one of my top strategies that I tell people to do when deciding what topic to work on. Start to tap into your intuition. Which topic feels the best, but you might not be sure, or certain that you can make it work but which one feels the best for you run with that, make that be your initial test topic, your initial test idea, then what we do is we put an idea out there to the marketplace, and we see what kind of response we get back. And listen, I'm gonna level with you. Sometimes you might not get a response from people. Happens. Some of you all are like why I'd be so devastated. If I put all this energy into something. And I got no response. Can I tell you this, that's actually one of the greatest fears of humans is lost energy, putting a bunch of time and energy into something and losing it, we have to grieve the version of how we thought things would go. Some of you if you've put a lot of time into something in the past. And it didn't work out how you want it to maybe a relationship, a job, a career or business, I experienced this, you might be struggling with what I'm sharing right now, because you got burned way too many times before in the past, by putting energy into things that didn't pan out how you wanted them to. I get it, I understand it. But it's time to put on our big boy and big girl pants. Step up and be willing to get back in the game again, instead of standing on the sidelines, continuing to lick our wounds, it's time to put ourselves out there. Even if everything in our life even if our past history has told us when you tried things like this before in the past and they didn't work out your brain is going to try to convince you to not do what I'm saying today. Our brain is designed to keep us safe. It's designed to prevent us from getting eaten by bears. Now that we don't have bears in our life, unless you live in certain parts of Canada or things like that, or the US or whatever it manifests in why tried that before and it didn't work out and I lost time. And so that becomes the equivalent of a bear that's about to eat us in our life. That's why we become afraid to take to make decisions. That might be the wrong decision and we're afraid to experiment And because we don't want to, quote unquote lose time and it not work out like those 10 things in the past, how many y'all are connecting with this right now I get it. That's where I was for years. And one of the number one things that can solve that is by having somebody who can help save you time and energy, who has walked that path before. And so listen, there's something that I want to tell you about here that I think is going to really help you with this. If you want to start this process of starting your coaching, business, building and growing your coaching business. I'm hosting a free, live intensive mastermind event, it's completely free. But it is five days long, it's five sessions long, because it's gonna take us five sessions to really unpack this. It starts next week on Monday, November 13, through the 17th, it's live with me each day, we're gonna go through the entire process of creating a world class online group coaching program that you can be proud of and excited to sell. So those ideas that we came up with with chat GBT, trying to find those ideas, I'm going to show you now how do you actually craft it and build a coaching program that you can be proud of, we're going to show you the art of crafting an irresistible group coaching offer that has clients literally begging to join you. So not just picking an idea, but how do you actually get it to where they are begging to join, rather than just a little bit of interest. It's way easier when you got people begging and banging down your door. It's just not even worth the like trying to struggle through this process. The key to actually luring in your dream clients, getting people that are primed and ready to invest in their future, actually getting qualified people to show up with you actually getting people that are the right fit for you that are going to take action and get results. Did you know that 99% of getting your clients results is making sure that you're actually working with the right people and actually attracting the right people to you. And so I'm going to be giving you my proven, tested, easy to follow a process of how to do this during these five days, and how to start your business and how to create an offer that not only delivers results is the most efficient, and the least amount of headaches. And it doesn't take a lot of hours either to implement, we're gonna show you how to do it work in only five to 10 hours a week, as well as what to do and what not to do to build a six and seven figure business. You can read about like I said, I've been doing this for two decades, I have dedicated my entire career to helping mentors, trainers, coaches, scale successful businesses online.

[1325:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so this is just a little bit of a sneak peek of what we're going to be going over during this five days. Day. Number one, we're going to show you how to create that perfect coaching offer that people want. How do you actually put these pieces together, right? Picking a niche deciding what topic that's step number one, we got to choose what that is, then we have to have an experimentation mindset of actually creating an offer to put out there again, there's some there's some trial and error to this, there's some testing. But what we want to do is we want to create an offer that is fail proof. The problem is most people who set out to create an offer, they fail at doing so. And so there's a process that I'm gonna break down for you during the first day of this event on how to make sure that you have the right offer that you're putting out there. Then day number two, how do we position this for maximum profit and impact. So we run paid advertising campaigns. And some of you are maybe a little bit hesitant about paid ads, here's the thing, our ad campaigns generate us up to 36 times what we've spent on ads, and are highly profitable and successful. And so we're going to show you the right way to actually position this to create the most profit for your business. And then what are the exact words that you say to get people to say yes, once they find your offer? How do you get people to commit to becoming a client of yours? Right? Okay, this is where the rubber meets the road. This is where it starts to get real. Right? Just coming up with ideas, just putting something out there. Okay. At that point, now it comes time to actually get people to purchase from you. That's what we're going to break down. We're going to give you the exact words to say the exact words to put in your offer on how to get people to actually say yes to buy your program, then how do we automate it? How do we take some of those elements that are time consuming in the beginning and shrink the amount of time it takes and have them run on autopilot for you in the beginning? We're going to be testing we're going to be experimenting, okay. Once we start to get some feedback, once we start to get the feedback from people, we can start to put systems in place Ace, and some of them are very simple, extremely cheap software platforms that I'm going to show you how to use to be able to put this all together, we're going to show you what are the best platforms to start to put your coaching business together? What's the best way to host your coaching? How do you take the best payment? How do you automate the month monthly? If you're doing a membership? How do you do your customer service? We're going to be showing you that. And then, and this is what is my favorite? How do you actually get people to say, not just Yes, this is what I want. But to buy, what you're coaching, we're gonna give you the script, and the blueprint that we use, that gets the most amount of clients for us in our business, as well as our coaches, businesses, the people that are in our program make way more money than other programs that are out there. Because they all they all go to these other programs, and they come to mind, and they're like, alright, Jeremiah, I finally made six figures with you, and I struggled. And so that's what we're actually going to be giving you we've actually had people go through this free five day event with us. And they told us, Jeremiah, I went to, to $10,000 coaching programs and your free event was worth more than those 210 $1,000 programs. So I'm literally giving you my entire process for you to become successful for you to start to create to start to grow your group coaching business to six figures, I'm giving you that process to start with. You know, some of you are sitting here today saying, okay, Jeremiah, this is great, you know, I'm gonna play around with what you just show me. And then maybe six to 12 months from now I'm gonna come back and start to create this. I'm not sure if you heard what I've been saying the entire time here. That's the worst thing that you could do. I mean that all with all due respect, the best thing that you can do is to start out experiment, put your offer out there actually test on some real people, trial it out on some real people get the feedback. And then you pour that back into the AI and you get it to help you put the offer together. Here's what we have right here. Like for instance. So I have this document that has what people what problems people have, here's some of the survey questions that we get from people. This is my personal internal company document. This isn't something that I share with people, but I'm going to share it with you. These are the responses that people have told me what they want to learn, and what they're struggling with. In their business. By the way, some of y'all if you're in the same niche as me, you could literally pause this and use this to build your own business. This is deep insider information from people who have actually registered for our trainings, and they've actually purchased from us. Okay, so if I take this right here, and I bring this into chat, GPT. Because this is part of the experimentation process that you want to get to and say, generate me a list of goals and pain points based on the feedback below. And then I paste the feedback that I got from these people in the chat GPT. It's going to tell me that these are the goals right here that people have, and these are the pain points. And it's literally breaking a list down based off of what people actually told me the actual feedback from real people that I got, who have sign up for our different programs for our different trainings. Let's just take one of these right here. Okay, just one of these. If I copy this goals and pain points, and I make a new chat TPT window and I say, generate me an offer and a sales letter as well as a marketing email and a Facebook ad and a Facebook post based on the following to market a free live training event that takes place for five days about the following. So I'm going to take what people actually told me their goals and pain points are and we're going to have chat GBT start to develop this out for us and put this together. Join us for Are you feeling stuck and overwhelmed and starting your coaching journey. You're not alone. Aspiring coaches face the same struggle such as mindset blockages, finding the right customers utilizing technology, we're gonna give you strategies to break past your self doubt. How to Gain techniques to use AI to grow your business guidance on how to finally secure create, creating secure and engaging content online and stuff. So identify the target niches effectively. Okay, so it's literally generating me my marketing materials join us for a five day exclusive event. Learn how to overcome the blocks and limiting beliefs that you have. Create an offers that attract the ideal client. Don't let technical challenges hold you back. We're going to give you this together. So literally chat, GBT is generating for me. Facebook posts, Facebook ads, marketing materials, all of this that we can use to grow our business. We're going to help you break down that during this five day event together. We're going to help you gain clarity At so that you don't feel swamped and overloaded by all bunch of advice out there that's on how to build a coaching business, we're gonna give you the step by step, best path to take, to be able to gain massive momentum and to start to see success, promoting and building your coaching business. You're not going to be drifting aimlessly wondering what path to take, you're not going to feel drained. Because you're not making the kind of money you want to make. And you're going to feel confident that you know exactly what roadmap to take, you're going to know you're gonna have a tangible action plan on what to do. And you're gonna have a tested proven strategy on how to amplify your impact, and reach the kind of people that you want to with your coaching business. And unlike other five day events, it's not just a cleverly disguised sales pitch. This is actually what most people charge for. We're giving it to you for free during these five days, okay? So I'm giving you all the secrets, I'm not holding anything back. By the way, that is something that I would encourage you to do as well. We're also going to show you how to you know what to give away for free? And what do you actually charge money for, we're gonna help you break all of that down during this five day event. Okay? So listen, if you're watching this today, if you want to start and grow your group coaching business, get registered for this free online intensive, you will not regret it, it's going to be incredible for you and there is a VIP upgrade, I would highly recommend that you grab this VIP upgrade. Here's what not only are you going to get access to the five days of training, but the VIP upgrade, it's the early bird discount ends on Monday, the first day of the event, it's $27 to get the VIP upgrade, okay, it's an incredible deal. It's a steal for what you get. So the recordings of the event are going to be taken off the internet, the five day event are only going to be online for a week. Okay? If you want the recordings, you have to buy the VIP, you're gonna get the five days of the recordings. But you're also gonna get five days of a special VIP backstage pass with me. So each day, we teach for one hour, the event takes place at 2pm, Eastern 1pm Central for the one hour training session, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, then, immediately following the session, we go into a private Zoom Room where you get to ask me questions about the day's training,

[1479:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: then that allows you to apply what we taught. And then what we do is we actually build the training for the next day, based off of what VIP questions actually came in, which is really cool. It's a really cool process. That's why I believe that what we deliver during these five days is better than what most people charge in their coaching programs for. And we've been told that by hundreds of people literally. And so you get to join me for the VIP backstage pass to actually get your questions answered. get hands on feedback on your offers, on what you're building on how you're starting out on any of the technical aspects the platform is all about. You get to have me work with you. come alongside you live in a Zoom Room to work with you on that during the VIP, you also get the recordings of the backstage pass and you get four VIP bonus trainings. Number one, the chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle. This is an exclusive training bundle from my high level coaching program. Which I haven't even told you about that yet. By the way, you can't even enroll in it. Some of you are like Jeremiah, what do you coach? Well, I have a group coaching program called the client growth accelerator, where we help hundreds of coaches and mentors scale their businesses to six and seven figures. But the doors aren't even open. So there's a waiting list for it to get in. We don't open this but a couple times a year for you to get into it. So the best way to actually work with me is by joining me with this five day intensive and then jumping into the VIP with me. Okay, by jumping into the VIP, you're gonna get five days of coaching with me on your business alongside the training that we're doing. And you're gonna get this bonus training from my high level program. The chat GVT prompts for sales letters bundle this is all about crafting that irresistible offer. What exactly do you put on landing page? Right? This is called sales copy right here. This is a sales letter. These are the words that are on the sales copy right here. These are the words I'm going to give you my training and how do you actually put landing page copy together for free as a bonus for grabbing this for just 27 bucks. Also the getting unstuck to take massive action training. This is an exclusive training all about how to get unstuck. If you're struggling to move forward. This is gonna break you out of that resistance and start moving things forward. It's gonna start oiling that wheel for you so that you can start moving stuff moving the needle forward very simply, very easily without burnout. And that's what the next training is right here, the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training. Burnout is not the way to do things, my friends, I want to show you how you can build a business and less than five hours a week. The fun and freedom new stress free approach to business, I work about 10 to 15 hours a week, my business. We're scaling our business to eight figures right now from seven to eight figures. But you can build a sustainable business on less than five hours a week. Once you start putting systems in place. I'm going to teach you that in this bonus training, and the VIP mindset training. How do you get your mind right to be able to generate seven and eight figures, we're gonna break all of that down for you get all of these bonus trainings, even if you're not ready to make seven figures yet, save these trainings, they're good to have in your back pocket along your journey. To go back to to watch to rewind, you get all of that with the VIP upgrade for just $27 As part of this. And so listen, if you're watching this today, and you want to know what is the best, most profitable path to start to build things, to start to build my offer to build my landing page to start to get more clients in my coaching business. This five day intensive is going to be the ticket that's going to take you there it's going to it's going to walk I'm gonna walk you through for five days, all the steps to take to be able to be successful, nothing held back, you'll be able to take this and be able to start and grow a profitable six figure coaching business is completely free, I would highly recommend you grab the VIP upgrade. But if anything, register for free for the event, join us on day one, check it out, I think you're gonna find a ton of value from it. I think you're gonna absolutely love it like those that have joined us for events like this before have and I can't wait to see you there. Now for the rest of you that have the VIP for today. I'm gonna go hop on over to that VIP training. I'm going to answer your questions about what we talked about today. We're going to be able to break this down even further. We're going to take this a step further. A lot of what we talked about, I know some of you are itching to be able to dive deeper into. And so we're going to take those questions in the VIP training here today. You can still upgrade to the VIP, there's going to be a link we're going to post here right now. It's also in your email, you're going to upgrade to today's VIP. If you have questions that you want to ask. You're going to ask me those questions in the VIP today. Right now by registering grabbing that and once you register on the thank you page, scroll down and you'll see the Zoom link to access the VIP Zoom Room. Okay, so I'm going to hop on over there. By the way, those of you who asked the question, Jeremiah, if I had grabbed the VIP for the five day, can I get today's for free? No, there are two separate tickets. Okay. Today's VIP gives you today's recording. Since you can rewind back, watch those chat GPT prompts, you can join the VIP q&a, that seven bucks, okay, it's $27 to get the five day with me, the VIP, the five days free, the VIP is a bonus on top of the training. Okay, so if you want today's VIP for today's recording today's q&a And the bonus trainings that were included with today's grab today's VIP, if you want to join us for the VIP for the five day as well go grab that one, grab both of them. Still a great deal, a total of only 35 $34. I believe that this is going to help you be successful. And I cannot wait to see you on the five day with me. I cannot wait to help walk you through the process of what it's going to take to be able to start to create the kind of cash flow that you want in your business. All right, for the rest of you. I'm gonna go hop on over to our VIP for today to answer your questions. I'll see you over there. And we'll talk soon have a good one everybody

