March 7: Launch Your 6-Figure Group Coaching Offer
Date: 2023-03-07T22:40:34.000Z
Duration: 209 min
Otter ID: X_pumuIf8bxzAsfb7a_77k5Hw8g
---

[22:31] Speaker 0: This time so you came around came around this time though the only reason I'm not chasing Jason eyes wondering just I don't know show me

[31:59] Speaker 0: baby love again and carry show me.

[75:53] Speaker 1: The door is a good walk ride but it's so much I know it's closing if I just ask because you won't wait forever so just being here And even if you're gonna just need more time we do a longer treat

[97:25] Speaker 1: tomorrow

[100:15] Speaker 1: everyone soon?

[122:12] Speaker 2: I wanted To

[132:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up everybody, welcome. Welcome. Welcome to the launch your six figure group coaching offer event. I'm excited to have you here. I'm excited that you took the time out of your Tuesday to spend some time with me and to work on your business together. Listen, I'm thankful I got to see some of the names of the people who registered for this. And there's a number of names that I recognize a number of people that I've known for a while and some brand new ones. And so for those of you that I haven't met yet, those that know me you're like, Oh, do you always have to go over who you are? I do for those that haven't met me yet. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been in the coaching industry for the last 20 years working with some of the top leaders, coaches, trainers and mentors, helping them scale and grow their businesses. And the number one thing that determines success for a coach is launching an offer. What is an offer an offer is what gets people onto your email list. An offer is what gets people to sign up with you and they become a client. Now, before COVID-19 We used to be able to send people straight to our coaching programs, literally just from an ad straight to a coaching program and get 1000s of clients after COVID-19 If you haven't noticed yet, everybody seemed to pop out of the woodwork with a coaching program. And that might leave you wondering well what sets me apart and how can I stand out when it comes to my own coaching business and that's what we're going to go over today is a unique, irresistible offer that people literally when they see Yet they just they know that they know that they know that they need what you offer, that it's the exact thing that they've been praying for, is what you want to lead people to. And so before we go into that, I want to tell you a little bit about myself and my story. So I got started 20 years ago, Oregon for a lady, her name was Danny Johnson. And I always pull this up. But here's her website right here, because you can actually see some of my work still on on her website. So I was a video editor that actually edited courses, and coaching for her business to help direct sales network marketers get more clients, but they also taught stuff on how to get out of debt, how to raise your kids how to manage your time. And so I was actually putting together and building a lot of these products 20 years ago, when I first started after that, and a lot of you know who my mom is, I went and started working with my mom, Sandy, her kowski. And we helped scale her business to over $20 million. And we work together, building this and to this day, I still work with my mom, I still help her with her sales copy with her offer creation. In fact, we just launched an offer. Let me see if I can pull it up unlocking consistent profits, we just launched an offer this week that had over 1000 people read, not registered for it. 3000 people registered for it, and over 1000 showed up to listen, and it's already generated hundreds of 1000s of dollars in sales, creating an offer just like this. So if you're wondering what is an offer, I'm gonna just tell you what it is. It's it's a page like this, this page right here. And every time I do a presentation, Miss Kitty wants to show up and she wants to, she wants to say hi to everybody. So say Hi Miss Kitty, make your make your appearance. Say hi. Say hi, Miss Kitty here. Let me switch the screen here so that you can see her. Say hi. Hi, she's got the murder claws out.

[194:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So an offer in your coaching business is this. It's a landing page. But it's not just a landing page. It's something that connects with what your target customer wants. Okay, if we go back to my website right here at Jeremiah krakowski.com. This is an offer that I have on my website. It's it's an offer, that it's a landing page that I ran ads to and all of you are here because of it. And so this is what I want to help you with is we're going to be spending the next three hours together, we're going to take some breaks in between, we're going to be spending the next three hours together, going over how to build craft and launch your six figure group coaching offer. And we've been doing this in my business for the last six months, we've generated over a half a million dollars in sales in the last six months using exactly what I'm going to show you as well, in my own coaching group, which by the way, the doors aren't even open to this, you can go check it out on my website, there's actually there's a waiting list enrollment is closed right now. And you can't even join the program. But those that are in the program, they've been getting results like Judy, she made over $37,000, applying what I'm going to be teaching you today, in one month in her business, or like Dr. Shandy, in his first time launching an offer, he made a small investment, put out a credit card $1,200 in ad spend, and made $12,000 back within seven days of launching his offer. And that's the system that I'm going to show you. That's the strategic proven method that we use to create, grow, and launch coaching programs. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer, I mean this in the nicest way. And if you this is your first time meeting me everything that I do comes from a place of compassion and kindness. And so if you hear me say something that might sound rude or or arrogant, it's kind of just how I talk and how I do a presentation and how I how I show up today. And so but understand my heart where I'm coming from is this. I want to see you succeed. I want to see you making more money than you know what to do with. And if you're somebody right now, who says I just want to make a little bit of money, I don't really want to make enough money to to you know, 2030 $40,000 a month. My question to you is this. Why are you here then? Because that's what the offer was. I want to show you how to make 2030 $40,000 a month working less than 10 hours a week without having to grind all day on social media. How many of you don't want to be having to post 100 times a day on social media, you don't have to, like our client, Rick Pino, he made over a million dollars a month, and didn't even post on social media for an entire year. During that time. My client, Joshua Giles, he got started in his first time out launching an offer with our system $60,000 In sales, build a multi six figure business. And then we started working with him as a consultant. And he made $140,000, in just 30 days, using exactly what we're going to be going over today. So I'm going to be walking you through start to finish the entire system. Why is it a three hour seminar, you might be like, can't you just do it in 30 minutes or an hour. So this training that I'm going to be doing for you right now, I actually took five and a half hours, closer to six hours to teach it. Back in December, we did a we did a group that was called Launch your six figure group coaching offer. And we have gotten by the way, the people that came out of that are the ones that are making six figures right now. And it was a six hour training. And so I thought to myself, What if you could condense it down into just three hours. And really, with break time, it's only about two, two and a half hours, to give people the meat and potatoes of what they need to get results. And so that's what you're gonna get from me today. That's what I'm going to show you this is going to be pure implementation, pure strategy of what's working right now that you can apply in your business to get results. Now, when you joined the, this, this training, and you registered, there was a link to jump into a Facebook group, okay. Now, not everybody jumped into the Facebook group, you're here on zoom with me right now. And, and I'm so glad that you're here. And, and so but in the Facebook group, there are a number of what we call pre trainings. So make sure that you actually jump into the Facebook group, check out those pre trainings, those aren't going to go anywhere. However, however, this training right here, this training right here, is only going to be up for 48 hours. So tomorrow's Wednesday, and then Thursday, at the end at midnight on Thursday, March 9, you will not be able to watch this three hour training again, okay, unless you upgrade to the VIP. And the VIP is just $7 for you to upgrade. And so if you want lifetime access to these recordings, I'm not going to mention it anymore throughout this, but I want you to know that you can upgrade by clicking the link to upgrade, you can go find it in the Facebook group, it's in the emails we sent you, you have a number of ways to go find it, go find the link upgrade, and what you're gonna get as this, you're gonna get lifetime access to the recording of this three hour session. Plus, you're going to get four bonus trainings. And these bonus trainings are very important for those of you if you're just starting out, these are really going to be key for you. So the number one bonus training, finding your niche if you're like I don't even know what to coach on. I don't even know what topic to coach on. This is the training for you. It's actually a training bundle. Or I there's two trainings that you get where I walk you through finding your niche, plus, you get our bonus PDFs of the top 100 niches for your business, plus my high level irresistible offers at sell target customer roadmap PDF, that's going to help you figure out who you're selling to, and what strategic topic to create your coaching program around. Okay. And so then what you can do is you can take the training that we're going to be teaching you today because I'm not going to touch a whole lot on finding your niche. This is this is specifically about launching your six figure group coaching offer. And so what I want to do is I want to honor what the promise of this program was. Let's go back to the page we're gonna go over creating your irresistible offer, how to position it for maximum profit and impact, how to influence people to actually take your offer, how to automate your launch and ease the efficiency and then how to reap the financial rewards from it. And here's the thing, this is not about evergreen This is not about you, recording it once making one training one offer and then you you put it out there forever and it forever pays you if that's what you're looking for. I'm gonna teach you the process to get there but here's what I tell my high level clients. We've actually been teaching them the last month how to do that. If you are not consistently getting say Hills right now, with your offer,

[321:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not going to have success with Evergreen. I've never seen that happen. I've worked with 1000s of coaches over the years. And I've never seen evergreen be successful. Until the person actually gets out there gets into the weeds and launches a few offers to test them out. Here's what ends up happening normally. Can I just, like be honest with you this whole time? How many of you want honesty? How many you don't want be us? How many of you don't want cleverly disguised sales pitch blingo, that isn't going to get you results in how many you want actual strategies that you can apply to get results. That's my commitment to you. What I'm going to be giving you is the exact same level of coaching and training that I give to my high level group coaching group, I'm not going to hold anything back. And you might say, well, Jeremiah, ooh, that's, that's, that's a tall ask, are you telling me that I need to do the same thing is to not hold anything back when I do my offers? Yes. In fact, that's part of what sets apart our clients and why they make so much money, they don't hold anything back. And you might say, well, I don't have enough content, to be able to, to do that, we actually have a system that solves that, to where you will never run out of topics to be able to teach people to where you will always have a next step to send people to, when you understand how this works, and you're gonna understand how it works. Today, we're going to walk you through that whole process, you will actually see the benefit of giving away your best content that you don't give all of it away. And here's, here's why. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna just preface this with what I'm going to be doing here today, if I gave you everything that I teach about online coaching, you know, in our coaching program, we actually have, let me see if I can pull this up here for you to take a look at this. We have a number of courses I'm talking, there's like 40 to 50 hours of courses in there, that you can go through six steps to six figures as a coach, this is my flagship course. So I walk you through finding your niche, writing your offer, copy, creating your landing page, launching your paid ads, doing your sales pitch, and analyzing the results to get the most profits as quick as possible. And this is the process that our clients are using to make the most amount of money, you get all of these courses for free included as part of my coaching program. And so it is physically impossible for me to teach you everything that's in these courses, how to create a course, how to be an expert coach, how to teach and coach well, how to run your social media ads, how to create organic content, how to build a website, how to how to build a funnel, how to write sales, copy that converts how to run virtual events, how to automate the whole thing, how to create offers that people want, what we're going to be going over today is specifically around this topic of what I teach what's called the six steps to six figures as a coach. And irresistible offers that sell and so we're going to be borrowing from what I teach, and these two that I call my my Flagship courses that I recommend all of my paid clients go through, I'm going to be condensing it down for you just the meat and potatoes of what you need today in this training, okay, and so but what I'm gonna do is this, this is my promise to you, we're 15 minutes in, I'm not going to overwhelm you. How many of you have gotten on trainings before and you've been overwhelmed by all the information, you've been overwhelmed and not sure where to start and not sure where to go and not sure what to do? That's my promise to you. And that's one of the number one things that I teach my clients is how do you know how much content to quote unquote, giveaway in your offers is? What is the point where people get overwhelmed? I'm just asking you this. You don't want to be overwhelmed. If I overwhelmed you with so much information. Would that actually serve you? No, it wouldn't. It would only serve my ego to feel like well, I gave them all the content. And so what I'm going to do is this is I'm going to I'm going to start you on a journey. And I'm going to give you strategically step by step what you can use in the next 30 days to launch a group coaching offer that makes you the kind of money that you know as possible with coaching 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month, seven figures, eight figures like our clients are making. Are you ready to go on that journey with me? And so again, the first First step is knowing what your niche is. If you grab the VIP upgrade, you're gonna get my finding your niche training bundle, as well as my plan and map out your signature course and coaching program training where I show you how you're able to use tools like chat GPT, and Jasper AI, to be able to map out your entire coaching program. A lot of what we do uses these two tools, these artificial intelligence tools, and right now, you might be saying, well, I don't want to use AI, I'm really hesitant on AI. Let me let me answer this for you. Because actually, a lot of our coaching clients have been hesitant on using AI before they got started. I'm not asking you to use AI for your coaching, you're not going to use it for your coaching, you're not going to use it for what you actually coach people on now, if you want to you can. I have actually used chat GPT to come up with if I've had a hard time helping a client understand a topic, what I'll actually do is I'll go into chat GPT. And I will actually strategically enter in what is the client struggling with? What am I wanting to teach them? What am I trying to get across to my client? And it will help answer those questions very simply and very easily. So I use it for that sense. But what we use AI for is strictly your sales and marketing. Sales and marketing is the supreme activity that you need to be doing. If you are a coach. I'm gonna say that again, sales and marketing is the supreme, most important activity that you need to be doing as a coach, you need to be getting people on your email list every single week, new people, new prospects into your pipeline and exposing them to the opportunity of coaching with you. And if you follow what I'm going to show you, you can do it in less than 10 hours a week, without having to grind in the direct messages without having to do a bunch of discovery calls. You're going to be able to do this at scale. without having to sacrifice dollars for hours with one on one coaching and be able to do group coaching. I want to tell you something, I was hesitant to get started with group coaching. I did a lot of one on one coaching, I had over 101 on one coaching clients. But we weren't making more than 500 to $1,000 a month in my coaching business. I had all this experience building multi eight figure coaching businesses for the last 20 years. And in 2018, I left my mom's company, a real change some of you again, because we actually know that a lot of people that join my trainings come from knowing who my mom's Sandy Krakowskie is. I was working with her building this company, we had scaled it to over $20 million. And in 2018, I started my own business. And I ended up launching my podcast and my social media. By the way, I would highly recommend you don't go out there and launch a podcast, I would highly recommend that you do not spend all of your time on your social media content. That might be some freedom for some of you. And it might be confusing for others of you. The worst possible thing that you can spend your time doing as a coach as a mentor is on social media content, grinding the content train, feeding the algorithms basically working for free for Zuckerberg, and Tiktok in hopes that people become a client of yours. We don't get our clients that way. None of my clients that are in my coaching program, and most of them spent years grinding the social media train. None of them did so by grinding on social media. None of them scaled their businesses with one on one coaching. None of them scaled their businesses with dem spamming people. Okay. And so what I'm going to show you is how you can build a group coaching program at scale to reach the masses and work only five to 10 hours a week.

[477:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's going to challenge you and it's going to take you possibly learning some new things that you I didn't know yet about this industry. I've been doing this a long time I've seen every which way of how people try to build their business, every which way of how people try to grow a coaching business. And the number one thing that's working right now is live virtual events like this.

[487:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll let you process that. The number one thing that's working right now to grow coaching businesses, that all of my clients are using that we're going to show you how to do is live virtual events like this on Zoom. Or in a Facebook group, whether they be a one day seminar for an hour or two hours, or, or a five day event or a three day event, maybe you've heard of challenges, or the boot camp model. virtual events is the number one way for you to grow your business. And what they do is they create a perfect storm, not really a storm, almost a perfect garden, if we want to if we want to use positive terms, a garden, have everything that you need to qualify your prospect, make sure that they are actually ready to buy your programs, they do a really good job of repelling the people that you don't want to work with. By the way, we used to have a lot of people that I didn't want to work with that were joining these trainings with me and they were getting, they were really rude and, and mean and all that. When you put yourself out there more, you're gonna have people that are going to be rude and mean. It's just part of the process. It's just part of launching a coaching business, it's not possible to avoid that. Okay. Literally, you can't do enough, right, with enough integrity, with enough honesty with enough ethics to not royally piss off a whole segment of the market that's out there. I've tried, and I can't, and we have our clients that work with us are they they give us rave reviews. One another number one review that we actually get from a number of our coaching clients. I'm going to actually pull it up here on the screen for you one of them that just came in last week. Last week, she joined the program, a little hesitant about it a little hesitant about, you know, because we have a lot of pre recorded courses, if she was going to get interaction with me in here. And she said I've spent $30,000 on coaching and after my first course in here, I think that the client growth accelerator is one of the best. And we have comments in the members area right here are people saying the same exact thing. I'm not a coach, but I joined because the Jeremiah's content, that should tell you something, I've gotten more breakthrough since I joined and leveled out. This is Judy who made over $37,000 in her in her first month launching and her coaching with us. It's absolutely incredible. She talked about it right here. Where is it? Here we go. 69 people joined at $548 a person. Incredible. And I love hearing testimonies from our clients, I love seeing them get results. And that's what I want to help you with. That's what I want to help you do is get results in your business. And so at this point, right now, you might be feeling a little overwhelmed, saying, Well, you know, I just I just want to coach people, I just want to have impact. I just I have a great message that I want to help people with. And that's great. Here's what I'm going to help you with. And this is why we use tools like Jasper and chat GPT is you do not have to struggle to figure out how to market your business anymore. You do not have to struggle to figure out what should I say, to get a client anymore. virtual events create the very best irresistible offers that attract the right clients to you. They repel the wrong ones. And they allow you to make a presentation in front of the people that are most likely to become your clients. Here's the thing. The way that you get people to become your coaching client is by increasing their level of trust in you after COVID 19 So many coaches popped on the scene. So many people started coaching and teaching and doing all of this. And so what makes you stand apart? This is the answer to that. The trust that you build in your prospect, the level of trust that they have, that they're gonna get a result with you. As a coach, you are selling people. And I know coaches, we don't like the word sell. We don't like sales. We don't like the concept of sales. But you do like money, right? Let me ask you this question. How do you expect to make 20 to $40,000 per month without selling? And how do we do it on less than 10 hours a week? See, there's a number of ways of building a coaching business that take way more than 10 hours a week.

[576:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a number of ways of building a coaching business that don't take paid advertising. And we put this on here, a word of caution. See, if you're on here, and you're looking for how can I grow a business with all these free methods and without spending a dime and doing that? I can't really help you. i This is this is honest to God. The most important part of the sales page is that if you can't invest $500 a month into growing your business. And that can be across the board with software's like Squarespace to build your landing pages. Like think if ik to how is your coaching program, like Zapier to automate some of the connection. Like Jasper, or recently chat, GBT plus, which is only $20 a month to be able to write your sales copy. And then you need to invest at least 150 to $300 per campaign that you launch. And so if you're just launching one campaign for a virtual event a month, that's 150 to $300, starting that you're gonna want to invest in my client, Dr. Shawn, deep invested $1,200 into his campaign. And so this was the process that he did. He's he spent $1,200 created some paid ad videos, put them on Facebook. Okay, so these are the Facebook ads right here? And how do you know what to actually say in the ads, we're going to show you that process, we're going to walk you through that. It's very simple, it's very easy. If you want to dive deeper into what do you actually say in your paid ads? That's actually part of the VIP upgrade. It's actually one of the bonuses that you get with the VIP upgrade. Let me let me go over here and find the list of what you get, again, with the $7 VIP upgrade. Oops, I'm, I'm all turned around over here. Here we go. One of the bonus trainings, actually two of them. Oops.

[616:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Grow your group coaching program with paid advertising. This is an entire bonus training that you get all about. What do you say in your paid ads? How do you script it out? How do you map out and come up with exactly what to put in your ads. And so this is a bonus training that you get as an exclusive session. When you upgrade to the VIP. Plus you get growing your email list the fun way, growing your email list is the number one thing that you absolutely have to do. As a coach to grow your business. It's the number one indicator of your success, and an online coaching and course business. If you aren't putting offers out there, where people sign up for your email list, you don't have a business. And so this is the process that Dr. Shaun Deeb did $1,200 in Facebook ads and you could do 300 or 400 or 150 even. And what the ad did was this was a video ad. And we have a four part script that you can use that I show you in the in the bonus training to grow your coaching program with paid advertising. The four part video script then sends people to a landing page for an offer. And this landing page generally you can build this on Squarespace. You can build this On Click Funnels, Wordpress, whatever platform you want to use. It's very Very simple and easy to do. We're actually starting a brand new training this month in our coaching program called landing page Academy where I'm going to walk you through something called landing page blueprint landing page blueprint, I'm going to walk you through the the psychology and the science of the landing page. And what actually converts best if you want to do some studying in your own time, about the science of landing pages and sales pages, sorry, my my beard is definitely itching my nose a little bit. If you see me scratching, that's what it is. It's like, it's very itchy and very annoying. I'm trying to work on, you know, touching my face so much in the video, I feel a little self conscious about it. Sometimes I know it's annoying, some people that I do apologize. So the ultimate sales letter by Dan Kennedy is the Bible on landing pages. And you can find this book on Amazon. And it goes over formulas to use for your headlines for your landing pages, and what to actually put on these pages. Okay, the number one thing that determines the success of your offer? Do you want to know what it is? It's the words that are on your landing page. It's the actual words that are on this page. These words right here, these are called sales copy. This is me qualifying who this is for. I also disqualified who it's not for, which is very important, this actually helps us bring our ads cost down. This helps us make sure that we're attracting people that can get the most results from our training. I actually want to repel people that are not going to get the most out of this training, we've had a number of people come in and come out and they asked for their money back, they complain or they send me nasty messages, because they're like you didn't serve me and you promised to do that. And, and so what we've just found is is that listen, if you're if you're a hardcore, perfectionist, you're not going to vibe with me, I am. So chill and relaxed, and not any of that at all. Okay, if you're wanting a step by step, perfect, rigid system to build a business, the truth is that doesn't even really exist in business, especially not in this coaching business. You're gonna have to take some risks, and you're gonna have to put yourself out there and do things that you might not know how they're going to produce a result. You might need to launch an offer or launch a landing page without knowing exactly how it's going to produce a result. And I would be lying to you, if I didn't tell you this. You know, most people that are doing a presentation like this would not tell you this one truth. Why because they want to manipulate you. And they want you to believe their lies until they until you are on the hook and have spent a bunch of money with them. You're not going to get that from me. You might spend $300 $1,000 on your paid ads. And you might make $0 in sales. And if that happens, we realize, okay, we're trying to reach the wrong group of people. We're trying to target the wrong group of people. I would be doing you a disservice if I tried to lie and convince you that this doesn't happen, because it does. But the difference is that you can learn from this process. And so a big part of the process that we do is we actually survey our audience and ask them what they want to learn from us. And that's the number one key if you get anything out of this training today. If you get anything out of going through this, when you joined the Facebook group, when you jumped into the Facebook group, you notice there were some questions that were asked of you. What's your biggest struggle when it comes to launching your group coaching offer? What would you like to learn from Jeremiah? I have all of those in a in a Google Doc. Oops, that's not it. It's actually in Chrome. I have all of the answers that people have given me in a Google doc right here. Over 51 pages of answers that people have given me and have told me what they want to learn from the offers that we're running that we're creating. And so the first thing that you need to do, and, and this may offend some of you, this may offend some people who are watching this. I'm at the point where, if I do offend you, I apologize. But I can't tiptoe around everybody's feelings at this point in time. I can't tiptoe around where everybody else is, in their training, write me a message, if there's a problem that you have with what I'm saying. And we can we can talk about it later, okay?

[732:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, how do I say this, because this is this could come across really offensive, if I say it wrong. You, as a coach, have an incredible message inside of you. You're very skilled, you have a lot of great knowledge. However, the way that you package it has to connect with your target client, not what you want to say to them. I'm going to say that again. The reason and really, this is what I found the only reason why you would completely lose money, most of our clients that actually launched their offers and follow this system. If they spent $1,000, they're usually making two and $3,000. On the back end of it. My client, Angie, she spent $500, in our first campaign brought in five Grant was able to reinvest that in her business. My client, Emma Dixon, I think she spent close to $900, brought in $9,000 in sales. Okay, so the system works. And most people that actually do the system, and actually launch offers, they don't lose money. But if you do, the reason why is usually this, you're talking about what you want to talk about, and you're not making a connection with your target customer, you're not making a connection with their unique pain points, you're not making a connection with what they actually want. Now, you might say, Yeah, but I have a lot of people who tell me that this training is really good, and it really helped them and it was really great. Awesome, I'm gonna say something. praise from other people is very deceptive. And I would not use likes and positive affirmation from other people as an indicator of if your marketing is actually good or not. This is why social media content is actually the worst way to grow your business. Because constantly trying to seek engagement is not a successful way of growing a business. The method that we use is where you actually listen to your target customer. And you create a feedback loop where they're actually telling you what it is they want to learn from you, where they're actually putting in their words, what it is that they want to learn from you. Where you're actually letting your client guide, the coaching process. And that is how you never run out of content to come up with is when you know how to facilitate the feedback loop to get people to tell you where it is that they're struggling to get people to tell you what it is that they want to learn. And then you build offers and you run paid advertising around the very things that people are actually telling you they want. That's a recipe to make 10 to 20 to 40 times your ad spend like my client, Joshua Giles, like Rick Pino, like my mom does. Okay, so But it starts with an offer. It starts with some kind of an offer to get people on your email list. I'm gonna go back to what I said prior to COVID-19 We used to be able to send somebody straight to our sales offer, straight to whatever coaching program we had, and people would sign up doesn't work that way anymore. We've tested it, you'll lose a lot of money doing that. It'll end up costing you almost almost three to five times one registration just to send people straight to an offer. And this is why most people lose money in their business is because of one thing. They're not two things. They're not making an emotional connection with their prospect around what they actually want. And so the feedback loop solves that by actually Getting people in front of you to tell you what they want, you're not going to be able to sit on a couch or sit in front of a computer or sit in front of a journal enough to actually come up with what people want. I know that you're a smart person, I know that you're a wise person. And this is probably the point where that might be the straw that breaks the camel's back is one of the most offensive things that I have to say. But, and I get that that might have been your skill set for years, it's not going to make you the kind of money you want to make, it's not going to make you $20,000 a month, it's not going to make you $30,000 a month. If my mom who has made close to $100 million dollars and coaching, still uses the feedback loop, still surveys her audience about what they want, still launches offers that get people to sign up on her email list. Whether you got a million followers, or you're just starting out, the process is the same. You start with an offer that gets people on your email list, even if you don't have testimonies, even if you don't have case studies. And you start with sales copy that actually connects with what people want, that actually connects with the desires that people have. And so this is a landing page that we ran ads to people signed up with their name and email address. And then they were able to join my mom for a live zoom training that she did that was an hour and a half long. And then she sold people on joining her group coaching program, her stocks investment Academy. And then the recording of this training is up right here, you can actually go find it right here. This is the virtual event that my mom did the training that she did the Zoom training, where she walked people through this process. And at the end, she made a call to action to invite people to join her group coaching program and take $100 off the first month for 10 days. And so those are the two things that you need. You didn't have two things. One is a free offer. And then number two is your paid coaching program. Here's the great, cool, awesome, amazing part about this. Both of these are about the same topic. And so you generally just do the work once for both of them. And you just tweak it and adjust it slightly based on where people are at in their customer journey. Okay. And so that's what we're going to be going over here after our break is how do you actually craft this offer? How do you come up with what the words are to say, in this offer? How do you follow the customer journey? How do you identify where your client is along their journey, and we're gonna break down what's called the hero's journey framework. This is the number one framework that has helped my clients make more money than anything else. When I showed this to Rick Pino, two years ago, his business exploded within two months, is the hero's journey framework. And so we're gonna go over the hero's journey, right here, this is your client. This is your target customer. When they find your ad on social media, it is an invitation. It is a call to adventure along the way, on their journey, and so what you're doing is you're inviting people to join you on a journey of coaching, to go on a quest to reach their results, you're providing them with skills, you're helping them transform their mindset and and turn into the person that they've always wanted to be to be able to go get results. And so that starts with a free offer, and then having a paid offer. If you're on this training right now, this is the start of our journey together where I can help you make 20 to $40,000 a month in your coaching business. How many of you are ready to go over that? So we're gonna have about a 15 minute break here. And I'm going to come back and then we're going to continue and talk about how do you actually create this irresistible offer? How do you present position it in a way to where you stand out as an authority in your industry. How do you write the language? How do you come up with that, I'm going to show you some very simple prompts that you can do in chat GPT. And we have a recipe that we actually created for Jasper AI that I'm going to give you access to, that's going to show you and it's going to come up with the words for you for your offer. And so that's what we're going to come back and do is we're going to help you build that irresistible offer. And then how do you get people in front of you with your paid ads? And then how do you close them as a sale. And that's what we're going to be going over for the next two hours. So let's head on over to our break. We'll be back in about 15 minutes and I'll see you then.

[899:03] Speaker 4: I want to talk to you today about one of the best copywriters of this generation. And some of you might say, Yeah, but hey, he's your son. Let's look at that belief. If I could give people the skill that I had simply because I burst them. That's pretty dysfunctional. But here's the truth. Jeremiah Krakowski was in an environment that very few people were in their upgrading, meaning he saw me not only be one of the top copywriters in the world, he worked with me and developed seven, eight, and even going into nine figure profits working collaborating with me. When he went on his own. He's not taking just what he learned from me, he started growing his own skill. The cool thing I love about a copywriter is their voice is unique. Their ability to mirror other people's voices are unique, and the copywriters of every generation, I believe are specifically planted by God for the voices that need to be heard. Jeremiah has not only an apostolic and prophetic gift, but his copywriting ability, and working with AI tools for today's client is unbeatable. He's not only writing most of the email campaigns for my company now, since I've retired, but he's helping hundreds of businesses develop millions of dollars, hire him.

[923:52] Speaker 5: Hey, my name is Rick. I'm a business owner and entrepreneur. I've been working with Jeremiah For the past few years. And I gotta tell you, before we connected with Jeremiah, we were doing okay, but as soon as we got his expertise and really his genius in our corner, since we hired him, it was like we got on a rocket ship man and just exploded to the next level. And this has been consistent literally, every year, every quarter every month, every week, we've just seen consistent growth, growth growth, with his genius in our corner. Not only is he helping us, not only as he helped us strengthen and grow our brand, but he's helped us bring our message to multiple millions of people around the world, which in turn has resulted in multiple, seven figures worth of revenue. I just couldn't recommend him more highly. He's been a complete an absolute joy to work with a blessing. And if you're on the fence about checking them out, don't wait any longer. Do yourself a favor and connect with them.

[940:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got two words for you the best. Jeremiah Krakowski is one of the most amazing individuals and marketing strategies offers just having a well rounded a now holistic approach to really seeing success is extremely successful in what he does. It's not fluff, it is literally result driven. It is amazing. It says in Proverbs that Counsel in the heart is like deep waters, but a man with understanding can draw it out. And I know from his questioning from you know, his ability to look at things from a different angle, he was able to draw out a lot of questions to me that was able to formulate specific processes, strategies implement, implementing offers you name it and say I even have a background in marketing business. And so I understand the lingo and stuff and for someone to be able to do it at his level is very rare. And so if you're looking for the best look no further, make sure you book him

[957:44] Speaker 6: before I felt like I was just spinning my wheels and floundering and I had some ideas, but I didn't really have a clear direction and I'm immediately, right from our very first call, I started to be able to bring it all together and have a lot more clarity and focus.

[962:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. And what would you say to somebody that maybe is looking for clarity and focus in their business, looking for a solution, looking for somebody to mentor them to get results, building their funnels offers copywriting ads, what would you say to them? Watching this? If I run this as an ad?

[966:47] Speaker 6: Oh, wait, don't hesitate. That's the biggest thing, do not hesitate. Don't think about it, that you will have that little inner gut feeling. And go with it. Jump off and get that strategy call and just do it because in the end, you're gonna save countless hours, and a lot of money, because now you're not going to be spinning your wheels anymore. You're gonna know exactly what steps to take what.

[974:33] Speaker 2: But then I had 20 People that solidly showed up all three nights. I had a good 10 are in VIP every single night. sold five. So the next Monday meeting we had you talked about how you did really good if you get one out of 20. I was like, Oh my God, I didn't realize that. I was upset. I didn't have

[980:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: more. Yeah. So but it sounds like you made 4500 bucks off of that?

[981:17] Speaker 2: I did. And then yeah. Which was

[982:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: my goodness. Yeah, you mind if I clip this video for a test.

[983:58] Speaker 2: I made $4,500 in it. And I had every issue under the sun. And I was like, man, if my ad was gonna have more.

[998:28] Speaker 5: The impact Jeremiah has had on my business has been a game changer. Since working with him, I've been able to serve my clients at a much higher level, increase my revenue and have a clear, simple and practical path to take everything to the next level. If you have a chance to work with Jeremiah in any way, shape, or form, do not wait take action today.

[1012:53] Speaker 7: Here's what's so dope about Jeremiah. He's got content. He's got YouTube, he's got courses. He's got all this stuff out here for free. But if you want to if the three is excellent, because anything that he coaches you on, pretty much will be based on the free but here's the thing. He's going to take you by your hand and connect the dots for you. That is the value. That's the value. Can I tell y'all how, listen, I'm a person, I need strategies and steps every time him and I would do our our sessions he would be like Okay, so what do you need out of it? I need my next step. I need I need somebody to tell me what to do. Because even though I know what to do, I need to hear it from the thing that's connected. And then I'm held accountable because I've got add to the 1000 power. And this and my creativity will be like oh, we'll try this and try to look like and yes, so absolutely. Listen, my concepts about business have changed so much. I've always had this posture, but my business savvy like and I've had business savvy too but this online world that let me be very clear about that this online world. Bit connected with Jeremiah has changed my experience. I was drowning y'all. I was so drowning. But every time we came to the call, we it was just like he pointed me in another direction. He told me to take this step He's going to take this step and keep going. So does he know his stuff? Absolutely. So what would I encourage you to do work with them?

[1043:33] Speaker 8: So when I first found Jeremiah, I had been working on developing a website, blog, retail page with affiliate marketing. And I had been working on it for a year. And I was stuck. I brought it as far as I could. And I had no idea how to make it work. And then I found Jeremiah. And he was able to quickly identify where my struggles were, he helped me identify them by asking me the questions making me think deep reached deep look into my social media pages, and identify, get clearer on my brand and what my brand messages. So we were able to do that. And it was because of his strength in the ability to make me figure it out. He didn't answer those questions, he helped me learn how to answer them for myself. So what I would say to you, if you're considering a 15 minute call with Jeremiah, it'll change your life, it definitely I look forward to working with him continuing to work with him in the future, because he is making me better at doing what I want to do. Become a business owner, and learn how I can be better at being a business owner.

[1069:28] Speaker 9: When I kind of came in, I, you know, wasn't sure I was starting in one business, didn't really believe in the product. So kind of working with Jeremiah helped me to see. True calling is the right word, but you know, just help me to realize what fit me better and, you know, help me, you know, find some type of something that I believed in, and that's really important to me to be me be authentic, and you know, can really help kind of bring that out and so that that helps out a lot.

[1076:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. And how did that have an impact when you're selling something that you believe in? How did that have an impact on your confidence with finding something that's better fit for you with our

[1079:20] Speaker 9: coaching? You know, I think that it was like a relief. You know, like, it's not giving you permission not to do something, it's like, no, I gotta do this, like, hey, you know, it's not you you're not gonna be able to succeed. So I think that that was you know, maybe just Yeah, so I'm giving permission right. Sounds stupid, but you know, someone to tell you just a little bit. You're good, man. You knew it. So yeah, it's awesome.

[1128:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up? Welcome back, everybody wasn't that great? What a great time. Listen, those of you wondering like how we do stuff like this. So I use a platform called OBS, it allows me to kind of switch back and forth between stuff. And I can play videos like the testimonies that you saw and things like that, we actually have the countdown timer that plays off of YouTube, which is really cool. And so it's very simple, very easy in our client growth accelerated actually walked all of our group through how to use tools like this to do stuff. Now, you might be watching this saying, Jeremiah, you know, this is not as professional as a lot of other people that are out there that run trainings like this. And the truth is this. I actually made a post on my social media, just last week, where I said being polished, or sorry, being unpolished, being unprofessional, but clearly authentic. No BS, and real is actually super good and profitable for online businesses. And I found this to be true. All of my clients have found this to be true. I'm not saying this. For my health. I'm saying this because I want you to make more money. One of the number one piece of advice that I can give you is Lighten up, loosen up, stop worrying what people think about you. Stop trying to look like a pro. Stop trying to sound like a pro. And you might be like why I invested all this money into looking like a professional. Nobody cares in this industry. Nobody cares. How you look at all, will people judge you? Absolutely. I have people that literally judge me as being worthless, because my hat is on backwards in some of my ads. So guess what, I actually wear my hat on backwards on purpose to repel those people away from me. And so you might be like, wait a sec, isn't that missing out on revenue and sales that you could be making. That's the mindset that you have to shift. That's the mindset that you have to start to understand. And I'm going to break this down even more for you. You need to repel people that are not a good fit for your program. I'm telling you this. People who are judgmental towards you on how you look how you sound, who don't think you're good enough, this is gonna set some you free. You don't want them in your space. You don't want them in your space. Like there might be people, y'all right now you're like, put that cat away. Right? So Kitty, there's some mean people out there, they want you to be put away. Because you think it's unprofessional. Or you see these video games behind me and you're like, What the heck, like, tell us how to make money. I don't need any any of that child is bullcrap. I get it. And I understand I want to honor that. But I want, I want to a thank you that you're still listening to me, I might not have the same vibe as you. But at least you're still here. Here's what I found. The people that are gonna judge you on social media, the people that are gonna judge you for your offers, the people that are going to think that you are lesser than and not worth listening to. You don't want them as a client. I'm telling you, their money is not green. You might be like, Well, money is green, green is green, and money is green, and I gotta pay money. I gotta pay bills. No, you don't want that. From experience. You don't want to work with people that always have some sort of backbiting, like, critical thing to say about what you're doing wrong constantly. It's just not worth it. And so what I do is actually the more authentic and the more unpolished and the more quote unquote unprofessional you are in this industry, the more money you can actually make from the people who actually resonate with you. This is this is scientific as well, by the way, it brings your ads cost down majorly. It actually brings the cost of your advertising down to repel people that aren't meant to be in your space. We used to get a lot of people when I first started running ads, they'd come on trainings like this, and they were nasty. Nasty, Pete. I mean, I'm telling I won't repeat what they said. I just I won't. I had to work with my therapist or some of it. And it devastated me and I'm telling you this. If you get into this business of coaching and online courses, you're gonna have that happen as well. But there's no way around it, there's no way to avoid it, you can't be good enough or professional enough to avoid it, there will always be a small two to 5% of nasty people and they're very violently loud. Because they want your attention because they're narcissists. And they get off on you, just being upset with them. And so don't play their game, you don't need to defend yourself to them. The number one thing that's gonna make you more money is stop trying to prove yourself to anybody, stop trying to prove that you know what you're talking about anybody, when I have stopped trying to prove myself to anybody, and I believe in myself fully, it has made me more money than the amount of money that you can make in a coaching business. I need you to hear this. And I need you to understand this. And then we're gonna go into some of this strategy on how to build your offers. But I need you to get this one thing. Normally, I touch on this a lot. I've not been touching a whole lot on mindset on this, but I need you to get this, the amount of sales that you can make is directly related to your self belief, and your self esteem. Okay. And some of you, you might not have a lot of self esteem, like I didn't even be like what you didn't have self esteem, you grew up with Sandy Krakowskie. And I didn't have self esteem, I didn't have any belief in myself. I thought that my whole worth was attached to because my mom had done stuff. And yes, she's amazing and incredible. And I'm not trying to discredit her at all. But I didn't believe in myself, I thought I was worthless for years. And you know what I was projecting that energy out to people. And then that's what was coming back at me. And I struggled to get sales. Because every single day, I was trying to prove my worth to people. Soon as I stopped trying to prove my worth, I just said Take it or leave it accept me or dislike me, I don't care doesn't bother me. You do you boo, boo, whatever you feel like I started attracting much better clients. To me, we started making way more money. And in the last seven months, my wife and I actually just calculated it up over $550,000 in sales in the last seven months in our business. And prior to that in our coaching business, we were making multiple six figures from consulting and sales copywriting. But in our coaching business, we were only making 500 to $1,000 a month. And then that all changed in July, August, right around there last year. And that's where we're at right now. Okay. And so I want to show you strategically, what we did differently. The number one thing that takes you from where you want to be, or from where you are to where you want to be, as a coach, as a trainer, as a mentor, is how many offers you promote to people, you want to make more money, promote more offers, put more offers out there, put more offers in front of more people more often. This one simple thing I'm telling you 99% of coaches do, don't get it. And the statistics are clear, even on a training like this. Many of you are going to leave and you're going to do everything but promote an offer to people. Because you think you're not ready yet. Because you think you've got to build the foundations. This is the foundations. This is the foundation is growing your email list, getting people on your email list. And the best way to do that is with live events, virtual events like this over zoom, where you can connect on zoom with a group of people, they sign up, they register for the event. It's low tech, it's super easy to do. And you could do it for a one day event like this. Or you could do a five day event or a three day event multi day events. A lot of people asked me what's the difference, Jeremiah, here's the thing. a one day event, you got to be really good at your sales pitch, you got to be really good at communicating. And so most people that struggle closing sales on a one day event, usually have amazing success on a five day event. Because it the amount of extra days that you have with somebody builds trust with them. The other thing is is this as you want your paid offer to be at least $997. Even $2,000 for your paid offer. See some of you are thinking way too small with your offers. You're like I just want to do a $97 course or a 47 or $27 course. Anything that you sell for less than $300 is not a profit. It's not intended to be a profit. It's for marketing. It's for advertising. It's to bring Even, is to just make that part of your ad spend, why do I do my VIP at $7? Because I want some skin in the game for you to pay a little bit of money it qualifies you. And it shows me who's really serious.

[1284:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: The lot of people who register for this training, not a whole lot register for the VIP, that's normal. But those ones that register for the VIP, those are more serious about taking action in their business, they're more serious about actually doing something with the training that's taught here, and I'm excited. Next week, we're gonna be able to meet up and do a live q&a together, feel free to post your comments. By the way, in the chat, I do read those and I go back and we analyze those and we look at those, ask some of those questions in there. But I actually don't pay attention to the chat because I teach a whole lot better live when I don't see that. I have an assistant that's posting the links and stuff in there. But I'm not actually reading those messages right now. I used to while I would teach and it used to get in my head and he used to mess with my head. I'm a way better teacher when I'm just not paying attention to that. And we separate the questions out for a private q&a session in the VIP. So that's what we're gonna spending our time together doing. Next week, on March 14. In the VIP, there's going to be a q&a session and I know I, I have it set for an hour, we might go longer than that maybe an hour and a half, I want to answer all your questions get them answered. Plus, you get the bonus trainings. Plus you get the recordings to this now what we're going to talk about is the hero's journey, I was talking about this before we went on the break, and the content of what we're teaching today. As I told you, normally we've taught this over the course of five days, as I took five days to teach this, I've already covered what normally took me about two and a half days in the first hour already. Okay, so we're, we're making some good time at this. By the way, as you do more virtual events, just just a side note to this, you're going to get better at communicating your message to people, you're going to be able to teach what might have taken you six hours, you could do it in three hours and then an hour and actually deliver the same level of content. There's a number of you maybe you've been through some of the previous events that I've done. And you're noticing, I'm actually way more focused with this content today than I ever have been. And that's by the grace of God. And I'm thankful for that. And honestly, I think it's just I've gotten way clearer on who I want to work with my messaging, and how I want to help people. And the hero's journey is actually the number one thing that I need you to understand your prospects are on a journey. Your potential clients are on a journey. So these are the 12 stages the hero's journey, your prospects start here in the ordinary world. This is before they've ever heard of you. This is before they've even thought of doing the thing that you coach on. And then they have what's called a call to adventure. This is when they have an idea to change their life. These are the stages of the lifecycle of every single coaching client. By the way, the hero's journey is the story structure of most of your favorite movies and TV shows and, and any sort of dramas, video games even follow the hero's journey structure as well. One of my favorite video game series is The Legend of Zelda series. I got the game Q version right here we got the Super Nintendo version right here, I got the the N 64 version right here, if you can't tell I'm a big fan of Zelda. Right? I'm a big fan of the Zelda series because it is the hero's journey. And it reminds me it's an archetype of what I'm doing with my clients. When you join with me on a training like this, you are what is called meeting the mentor. When you saw an ad that I ran, or you got an email from me, when you signed up and registered to get this link, you crossed the first threshold, when you actually got the link to sign up for this training was step five, crossing the threshold. So right here is when somebody gets an idea to transform their life. And this doesn't just apply to code, like what I teach this applies to every single coaching business. Let's say that you teach about thyroid care, people make a decision to to to change their life. And maybe they've refused to do anything and then they finally see you running an ad with a solution to their problem. And so then they sign up for that. Okay. Tests and allies This is when the test is if they actually show up to your training. approaching the inmost cave, this is them going through your training. Right now we're in what we call approaching the inmost Cave of the hero's journey right here. And what I'm doing is I'm teaching I'm providing you with, with information that's going to transform you and take you so that you can go to the ordeal, which is then where you actually go out there and apply what I'm teaching. And then you get to decide, okay, I'm going to go out there with what I've learned from this training, I'm going to apply it. And I'm going to go back to the world that I came from using the brand new tools that I've acquired to go do something with them. Okay. Let me explain this, again, a little bit simpler for you, that's going to make sense for your offers. Every single one of your clients as at some stage in their timeline on their journey. So let's say like this is this is 1999 right here, okay? And this is 2023. This spans across over 24 years of somebody's life. 24 years right here, okay. And let's say that what you coach people on is to, um, oh, let's pick a topic. Let's pick grief. And, yes, grief, grief, and for caregivers who are still operating in grief and are struggling to find their voice in the world. So this would be a life coach. Okay. And so right here, the person back in 1999. Sad story their father passed away. Okay. Devis devastated them. In 2023 they became a life coach and helped other people deal with grief. After years of caregiving the same way, okay. Or we can even take it further to where maybe this is, father got terminally ill horrible situation, but very much a reality for a lot of people. My own mom got ill with cancer, rheumatoid arthritis over over 20 autoimmune diseases. We had to take care of her for years. And then by the grace of God, she healed and grew her own business. So this is even I reckon I resonate with this story right here. Let's say they the diagnosis is right here. Let's put that the the parent didn't pass in 1999. But they were diagnosed. And the caregiver took care of this parent, all the way until 2010. That's over 11 years. of caregiving, right here, in a 24 year span, from their parent being diagnosed terminally until they become a life coach to help others that after they grieve because now in 2010, is when the parent passed. Okay? They live for 11 years passed away right here. And during this time, is the journey that this person has gone on to heal from the grief and from the pain and listen, grief doesn't have a timeline. We it can take like 13 years to grieve as is short for some people. But this is very real. If, if you're a life coach that helps people process through this and you help other people become life coaches. What you'll do is this person right here, they're gonna grieve, let's say five years 2015. And then they finally decide, You know what, some friends have been saying it, maybe I should see a therapist. Maybe I should see a counselor, maybe I should see a life coach or maybe they didn't become a life coach. Maybe they became a therapist. kind of goes back to this caregiving desire right here. So we got 11 years of caregiving, five years of intense grieving after the parent passed chaos, whatever. And then right Here is where they found your ad for therapy or for life coaching.

[1442:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And they saw the person saw your ad for an entire year, but they ignored it for an entire year 2016 How do you know that this is literally like, real life with actual like, like, if you are a therapist, if you are a life coach, and some of you this is your story, too, that it could take literally a year of denial, five years of denial, struggling striving before they finally in 2016, they hired this therapist. Three years of coaching 2019, they really felt like they were back to their self. Again, that's three years of coaching right there. And then 2020, they decided, You know what, I want to get certified as a therapist. And so then they went from 2020. Now COVID happened, oh, no, we got the pandemic. Now we gotta shut everything down for two years, they basically almost gave up. Now we're at 2022. And they finally have a renewed sense of excitement. And that's where they found another person's add again. And then they spent a whole year learning how to be a therapist, they got certified, whatever, by the way, you don't need to be certified to do what I'm teaching you. But this is what we call the customer lifecycle right here. So for your offers, what you're looking for is every single customer or client for your coaching business has their own Hero's Journey story. Every one of my clients has a hero's journey story about getting clients and making money in a coaching business. And my mission is to help you make eight figures. But I got to get you to seven figures first, and I got to get you to six figures first. Many of you are gonna go through this training and ignore what I said, and it'll be 234 years down the road, before you finally even start to apply a little bit of it. Because that's just the way it goes on your own lifecycle. I know a lot of people I met them 10 years ago, and they're still saying, Man, I just I can't figure out what to start my niche on. I can't figure out what to make a coaching program on and they're stuck. And that I know people who just started with our coaching program two months ago, and are already making multiple six figures over $20,000 in their business. What's the difference, taking action and identifying where the person is on their customer lifecycle journey. So the person who is not ready yet, that's who you actually don't want to attract to your offers. You want to attract the person who is at the stage where they've gone through the gauntlet. And they're at the right stage on their journey on their timeline, to where they're willing to commit, make a commitment to go to the next level. And maybe you saw that on the landing page right here for this offer. Who is this for? Someone who is willing to take action on a plan given to them, somebody who's willing to take their life and their business to the next level? Someone who has a vision for where they're going, someone who's teachable, someone who wants to make six and seven figures and someone who has honesty and integrity. This is not for hardcore perfectionist. Someone who thinks they know it already. Somebody thinks everything should be given away for free someone who just accumulates knowledge and refuses to take action. Someone who kicks around ideas, researches ideas and never does anything with it. Someone who hates their boss, somebody who hates hard work, and tire kickers and complainers. This isn't for you if that's you. It's not for you. See, what I'm looking for is I'm looking for coaches and I'm looking for mentors that want to work 10 hours a week, apply this system and make 20 to $40,000 a month without grinding all day on social media without doing a bunch of tech savvy stuff. And they don't need to be super known, who want to find their soulmate clients and go from struggling to thriving in their business. And if you're still watching this right now, I'd be willing to bet that that's you and so what you do is you take a look at this. And I know this is kind of all dirtied up here. Remember we mentioned this is a 24 year journey, if you can identify where what is the best stage along this journey from 1989 2010 2015 2016 2019 2020 2022 2023 along this 24 Your cycle, if you can identify the exact spot that a when you attract people that are at that spot on their journey and you get them on a zoom call with you or on a five day challenge. And you tell them about your coaching program that two things happen. They buy your program without even blinking twice. And they even tell you, they would have paid more for it. And to they get results as fast as possible. So what we've identified in our business is that coaches that are maybe at their wit's end, they've struggled to get clients, and they have a vision to make a quarter of a million to a half a million a year 250 to 500k a year. And they want to create a strategic offer. If I can get as many of those people in front of me, my business grows, because that's the right type of client that we help the most. Because we can help that person get results in 30 to 60 days. If you're somebody who is maybe you don't have your niche figured out yet, okay, it might take you 90 to 120 days, might also take you five years, though, because you don't have the ability to even apply or take action on what you're doing. Because you're going through so much up here. And you might need to work with a therapist, you might need to work on your mental health. First, I don't mean that to be harsh or rude. We need to get rid of the stigma of mental health in our, in our, in our world. I work with a therapist every single week. Working on my mental health, working on my beliefs, my limiting beliefs, What's stopping me from being the best version of myself as possible. And if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, you need to commit to personal development, you need to commit to growing in your life, growing in your mindset, stretching yourself out of your comfort zone. Some of you you're watching this right now you're saying I don't know if I want to do live events on Zoom. Okay, great. You could do ebooks, you could do free master classes, and build up to doing live events. But I'm telling you this live events, one day webinars and multi day events are what is converting the most. Like it's not even a comparison, you will have to work 20 to 50 times harder, trying to do anything else to grow your coaching business than live events. Okay. And so what you want to do is you want to identify a where is your target client at along their hero's journey. And then be you create a live event around exactly where they're at you build a storyline around where that client is that you literally tell them the whole story of their life. Have you spent years as a caretaker, and dealt with grief and trauma, lost a loved one and want to reclaim your voice and go after your life. Maybe you want to help people with the pain that's inside of you. And train other people on how to be a therapist as well. Or you want to become a therapist yourself whatever that is. And that becomes your offer. You identify emotionally, where the person is at right here on their hero's journey. And we use a series of questions from this book called The Ultimate Sales Letter to answer where somebody is at and to understand that. We call these the 10 smart market diagnosis profiling questions. What keeps them up at night?

[1593:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Indigestion boiling up to their esophagus eyes open, staring at the ceiling. Do you know what keeps your prospect up at night? I know what keeps you guys up at night. You spent years struggling to try to get clients you've got a great message you want to have impact. But it seems like nothing you've tried is working or it's working just a little bit. You know that there's enough money to make out there but you can't quite seem to figure out how to tap into it. I'm telling you, virtual events, webinars is how you do it. And how do you know when you do a virtual event that you're actually going to close sales. That's what we're going to talk about, at the very end of this training in our next session, we're gonna have another break here coming up. And then we're gonna go into the last session here, where we talk about how do you get those clients? And how do you actually close those sales? as well? What do you actually say, to get people to buy from you? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are their top three daily frustrations? What frustrates your client every single day? You need to know and understand the answers to these questions. The cool part is you can use AI to answer these questions now. What trends are occurring in their life? What do they secretly desire? What is their built in bias in the way they make decisions? Do they have their own internal language special words that they use? Maybe there's words that your prospect uses, I was just talking to a client about this today. She's like, well, I don't use the word negative thinking. And, and I don't teach people how to control their emotions. I would never say that. She said, and I said, Yeah, but your clients probably do say it. That's their language. So you want to use their language, even if you don't actually use that language yourself. I don't use language like ready to buy clients and tech savvy. But I put it in my offers, because I know that it's going to attract the right people. Who else is selling a similar product? This one's very important. Do you know who your competitors are, if you're ignoring them, because you don't want to copy them, you're doing yourself a massive disservice. And that's actually one of the worst things that you can do in your business, is by ignoring what your competitors are doing. Instead, learn from their hard work, borrow from their wins, it's not plagiarism, it's not unethical. It's actually the most ethical thing you can do. Who else has tried selling similar but has failed. And that's where you find your Blue Ocean Strategy. Okay. And so what we do is this, I teach a system called the six steps. And the six steps are as follows. Step one, you find that niche, and don't spend a lot of time doing that, in fact, on any of the six steps, this is what I encourage my coaching clients to do, don't spend longer than 14 days stuck on any one specific step, you can get past each step in less than 14 days. Step two, most of you think this is mapping out your course and recording all of your content and creating all of this material that you're going to be using the coach and you're gonna spend five years coming up with it. That's what most people think, no. That's the worst thing you can do. The worst thing you can do is pre record a course. You want to actually pre sell it to people before it's done. Because what you're going to be able to do is you're going to be able to to deliver the content live and actually design the material based off of what people are actually asking you. This is how you can actually coach people better. A lot of you are like, I don't know what to coach, I don't know what to teach, I don't have a course that I have anything, you don't have to. And I'm going to show you how to use the artificial intelligence tools to come up with ideas. To be able to do some of this. The main part of what you need to do in your business is you need to write your offer. Copy what is copy copy is the words that go on your offer page. Okay? The words that are on this page. This is a free offer page, where people sign up for free to register for a free event. Okay, and then my coaching, this is a paid offer page right here. So you need to have both of those. Remember, we talked about a free offer page and a paid offer page. And the first step for this is you write the language. Here's the cool part. This is where most amateurs get lost. See, they're trying to map out their course they're trying to map out their coaching program. They're trying to spend all this time doing that when actually the way that we do it and the way that that all professional coach Do it as we write our copy. And in our copy, we map out the course and the training before we actually teach it. Notice I hadn't taught this training yet, but I mapped out what I was going to teach in the copy. I mapped it out all right here. You want to map out what you're going to teach ahead of time, at the same time, as you create the copy and the language for your course, for your offer, for your free and your paid offer. And what we generally recommend people do is that you do what's called a hybrid coaching offer, there's two offers that I recommend that I love the most, there's only two offers paid offers. The two paid offers that I love the most are as follows. Let me let me flip this page here. So that I will go back to this one. We either do a membership offer. And you better make that be at least where you're making $1,000 a year off of the membership. Or you do a hybrid micro coaching model. And this is where if you're a beginner, I would recommend you start with the hybrid micro coaching. So this is the membership, this might be a six month membership, or a 12 month membership. And you better not be charging less than $97 a month for for your membership. Don't be cheap, stop cheeping out, you want to know what cheeping out, you're not helping anybody. It shows a lack of self belief by cheaping out your offer. It shows a lack of boundaries, it shows that you allow people to access you way too easily. It shows that you are way too easily accessible. And I'll I'll say something a little offensive, it's kind of like whoring yourself out shows no respect for yourself at the same way. I mean, I'm dead serious. don't cheap out, don't be the cheapest option. If you do a membership, you want to be at least 97 bucks a month, at least $997 a year for a year access. Or you do a hybrid micro coaching, which is eight, it could be an eight week program, it can be a six week program. And we help people sell these for anywhere from $497 to usually 997 500 to $1,000 for hybrid micro coaching, because then you sell you sell one of these every two months. And you're you're making 1000 to $2,000 a year off of doing multiple hybrid micro coachings. Okay, and so what you do as you make your paid offer, whatever you want to do with this, let me explain the difference between these two, you're gonna make your money a lot slower going in at 97 bucks a month. Because at this, you're able to make at least $250 in the first 60 days, and if you're running paid advertising, you don't have a big email list. And a lot of people don't know who you are, you will actually lose a lot of money trying to sell a membership model, okay. Especially if you don't have a ton of courses loaded up in there. People will see oh, there's just one training and then they'll want to quit. Unless you have a term and a minimum term.

[1750:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: We actually have a minimum term in my coaching program. It's 12 months for people that join. I don't want anybody in there. He's not willing to be there for 12 months. We have a 30 day trial period where people can try it for 30 days and cancel but you want to know why if they cancel after 30 days, they're not allowed to come back. If they do come back, they're not allowed to try it anymore. They're committed for 12 months. They don't get another trial period. Like you get one forever with me. And then if you want to come back, you're committed. Okay, that's my rules. That's how I do it till I run it. Because I don't want to work with people that aren't serious. That's another part of how I repel the wrong people, you got to stop trying to be all things to all people and trying to reach everybody with your coaching and you got to have some more self respect, and you got to start charging more, you got to raise your prices, most of you coaches need to start charging twice as much as what you're charging right now. And you gotta raise your prices of your one on one coaching to over $10,000 I wouldn't charge less than 10 grand for your one on one coaching at all, make it so much more expensive than your group options, that it's stupid for people that not jump into the group option, because it's so much more affordable. It's 10 grand to coach with me one on one, it's only 500 to coach with me for two weeks. By the way, those are wondering about my one on one coaching, I still do have one on one coaching over my website $30,000 they'll cost you $30,000 If you want to do one on one coaching with me. And that's a one day coaching and you get two follow up sessions, plus a free year in my accelerator plus lifetime access to all my courses. So that's a really good deal for 30 grand, you can finance it to have their financing partner, if you want one on one coaching with me. That's what it costs. That's what it costs. Okay. For anything else, you got trainings like this, you got the VIP upgrade, you can upgrade for seven bucks, and get access to a coaching session with me next week where where I get to answer your questions and work with you on where you're at in your business. Plus, you get all of those bonus trainings that are going to go into some of the nuances of the beginner steps of what we've kind of glossed over here a little bit today. Okay, and now what I want to go into for the remainder of this time is about crafting that irresistible offer that positions you as an authority in your business. And so the six steps writing your offer copy. This is actually the most important step right here. But don't take longer than 14 days to do it. That's why we use artificial intelligence to help us with this. You could actually finish your offer copy in an hour session with AI. That's it. We usually take maybe an hour or two right offer copy for most of our clients. And we do a lot of live copywriting rewrites if you're in our client growth accelerator, we're actually helping you rewrite your copy as part of the program. As part of the group, we go over people's people's offer offers their landing page copy, I'm over here answering, helping rewrite I'm in here interacting with our group helping come up with sales copy. And by the way, here's one very similar to what we were just talking about that anxiety and grief offer right here. We're going to kind of build on that for some of our for some of our offer copy on this. I'm in here answering questions, helping people in the group get results, we're talking about how to write sales copy. These are the rules of writing sales copy, you want your sales copy, to be persuasive, in formal, conversational and relatable. And it must not be confusing, unbelievable or boring. So in the group here, you get access to being able to get coaching with me, plus the trainings that are in the members area for you to log into the members area, and access the training content and all of the bonuses, the six steps to six figures course. Again, if you're not on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator, I would highly recommend that you get on the waiting list over at my website for when we do open the doors again to that program. The pricing on it is $2,000 for the year, or $166.42 a month and you get access to me to help work with you to coach you on your business. To help you get results. You get all of the courses that we have six steps to six figures, irresistible offers that sell automated marketing secrets how to put everything on autopilot virtual event playbook. What do you actually say in your virtual event? Copywriting mastery. We have a brand new one coming out this week that we're starting called Chat GPT prompt Academy we have a new course called a landing page blueprint that we're going to work with you on Facebook and Instagram ads Made Easy funnel building Made Easy, successful selling a sales course to help you become a trained assassin salesperson so that you know exactly what to say to sell, email marketing, tick tock ads, all of this included with the program plus you get lost I have coaching with me. Every single week on Mondays we meet every single week, the live sessions are on Mondays at 11am Central and about half the group if you can't make it live, half of our students watch the recordings, you get access to all of the recordings in the members area to go through. And to learn from we just did a confidence in sales masterclass, this last week, we also do live copywriting rewrites, we get to take a look at your your copy and your ads, and help you get more results in your business. And so be sure to get on the waiting list here. When the door is open, you'll be able to try it for 30 days, it's kind of insane that I still offer this. But when we do open those doors, you'll be able to, to try it out and see if this is a good fit for you. Plus, we have a whole bunch of new courses coming up every single month, I'm creating new lessons every single week for brand new courses. And I'm in there every single week answering your questions, and helping you get more results in your business. Okay. So the six steps are this, you find your niche, you write your offer copy. And then this is where you create your funnel. Your landing page. This is what we spend a lot of our time in the coaching group doing is these two steps right here, we're helping you write your offer copy, we're helping you come up with and building out that funnel, helping you tell if it's the right funnel or not. So that then you can launch it. And this is step four, is where you actually promote it out to people with paid advertising, with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads with tick tock ads, or you send it out to your email list. If you have an email list, or you post it on your organic social media. So you're actually promoting your offer. These are the six steps once you build a landing page for your offer. And you want to build the landing page for your free offer. And your paid offer. What we recommend people do is that they actually launched their free offer and promote it out to people. And then they set a date and time. And you might promote it for two weeks, I wouldn't run Facebook ads for longer than two weeks. If you do that, you're going to lose the attention span of people. Okay, you can spend about 150 to $300 on your Facebook ads, and an initial test to start to get some results when you do this. And you could spend that two weeks of advertising, developing up your paid offer landing page. So you got two landing pages. That's what that's what we talked about right here. You got to offer pages. Right here, you got your free offer. And you have your paid offer. And you want to be charging at least $1,000 For that paid offer. Or 500, if you think that's too expensive for you. But I eventually want to get you to the place where you're charging 1000 bucks. And so you create a free offer and a paid offer. And you launch that you promote it out to people with your paid advertising. And then this is where the rubber meets the road. You have to actually sell you have to actually do a sales pitch, you have to actually do a presentation. You have to actually speak live in front of people and I'm telling you practice

[1900:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: with a group of people see a lot of people a lot of coaches are waiting until they feel confident enough to launch their offer, you're going to grow in confidence and get better at sales. By doing it, you're not going to get better at sales by just taking a whole bunch of courses. It's going to be hard, you might be fearful. I want to tell you this, some of you are avoiding launching your offers because you're trying to control the outcome way too much. Because you're trying to make sure that people buy from you way too much. Because you're afraid that you're going to miss out on an opportunity. And so you haven't created an offer yet because you're afraid of missing out and bombing your sales pitch. But you're never going to get better at selling until you actually launch and sell something until you actually put an offer out there. Okay. You have to actually create an offer and put one out there and you're going to start to get better at sales doing that and that's where Listen, most people are too scared to do that. I I want to have empathy for that. And I understand I was one of those people, I was terrified to do that for so long, sweating, afraid to do a presentation like this? Oh, no, what if I go over on time, which by the way, we're probably going to go a little bit over. And so if you have to go somewhere at five, grab the recording, so that you can watch the rest of this because we're gonna go past five, because I'm realizing I'm gonna need a little bit of extra time to actually teach all of this, because I want to make sure that you get this material, I want to make sure that I'm providing you with the best material to get results in your business. With this training, you're gonna get better by doing these six steps. And if you're in our group coaching program, I'm going to help guide you along the way through every step. I'm there with you, I'm there to help you. Just like I have with our clients. One of our clients, Kim right just wrote us tonight, she said she got three sales from her first offer. Incredible. Donna, she got three sales from her first offer this week, she just wrote us this week. Incredible. How many of you want to make 5000 10,000 $20,000 a month in your coaching business? Get on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator. When we open the doors to the coaching program, you're not going to regret it, it's going to be the best chance, I believe, for most of you to get the kind of financial results that you want in your coaching business. And just try us out for 30 days. See if it works for you. I think it will. And then step number six. And I'm going through this fast but step by step number six is you analyze all these results. And then you rinse and repeat and you go back to the top and you adjust the offer copy. And you can have the same offer all the time. But what you want to do is you want to actually iterate, you want to actually tweak and adjust based off of the feedback that people give you. So when you launch your offer out there, you need to have a feedback loop. You need to have some kind of a feedback mechanism where people can tell you what it is that they're struggling with. What it is that they want to learn from you. Remember I showed you I have that I have that document where I copy those questions that people leave in the Facebook group, over 51 pages of what people want to learn from me. And we actually craft our offer is based off of what's on this list right here. And so you need to have a feedback loop. And then you need to analyze that feedback loop. And then you go back and you recreate and you create another offer, and you launch it out there. And that my friends is how you get to making over a million dollars a month in a coaching business is the six steps right here. There's nothing more to it. Notice that none of this includes posting all day on social media. None of this includes direct messaging a bunch of people create one strategic offer that attracts the right client to you, that gets you in front of your dream clients like this offer a simple landing page. And by the way, this is the simple structure that we use simple works. Complicated, doesn't. Simple cells, simple establishes you as an authority, because you don't need to do a bunch of bells and whistles. You actually look more professional by doing simple than not. And then you go out there and you promote your offer. And you sell to people and you ask them to buy it from you. And that's how you can make 20 to $40,000 a month. Now, how do you write your offer copy? How do we do that? I'm gonna go over that here. Just a little bit with you right now before we go on our break, because I really want to show you how we do this. So we have a number of different methods that we use, chat GPT being one of them. And so this was actually some offer copy that I had written for one of our clients. And what she did was in our client growth accelerator. She gave us some of her copy right here or is it she gave us some of her copy right here. About you're in the right place for living a creative and compassionate life. Reserve your space for write your way. The power of writing to honor grief, enhance creativity. And so here's the thing She's more of a technical writer. But what I'm doing is I was able to take this language right here. And we're able to filter that with AI, down to this type of copy right here, overcoming anxiety and grief by rediscovering your creative voice to transform fear into optimism, optimism. So here's what we do is you could take, let's just take any topic, I'm gonna show you how we do this. Let's do spiritual healing for

[2012:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Christian victims of narcissistic abuse, perfect, okay. I mean, terrible situation. But it's actually sadly very common. Because in Christianity, there's a lot of room for spiritual abuse. I grew up in a church that was really abusive myself. So I always start with this one question, write a sales letter for a free webinar helping victims of spirit of narcissistic abuse to heal. from a Christian perspective, we have experienced religious trauma and abuse have you experienced so the AI actually writes the copy for us. You could take this right here without even editing it very much. And use this to create your sales letter. The language, the words that are on here, the words that are right here. You know, I could take this right here. And I could say write a headline in the style of the following template, but use the context info for what the headline is about context template, I'll paste my headline right there. And then we'll take this as the context attention victims of narcissistic abuse and religious trauma discover practical steps of healing and restoration in this free webinar. So I was able to craft that around this generate 10 possible objections that person who needs this webinar may have because of their emotional pain, I've tried everything to heal from my trauma and nothing seems to work how is this different? I'm afraid to open up about my experiences. I don't know if I'm ready to face my pain. I'm not sure if I'm ready. I don't believe that God has allowed me to I can't that God could allow me to go through such an experience. All right. Generate 10.

[2058:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fears that keep one of these victims up at night. Fear of never being able to heal fear or fear of being alone in their struggle, feeling like no one understands what they've been through. Okay, write a sales letter for a webinar that takes into account all of the above info I use and so watch this.

[2067:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Instead of it being this language right here, which is kind of stale. It now wrote this around the pain that the person actually experiences. Are you struggling to heal from the pain of trauma? Do you feel like you're alone in your struggles? If so that there's hope as someone who's experienced a unique challenge, I want to invite you to a webinar to help you on your journey of recovery is designed to specifically help those who has experienced trauma, who are seeking a Christian perspective on healing will show you ways to explore the ways that the abuse has impacted your life and practical tools for healing and self care. I understand that it isn't easy and it's okay to have doubts and fears. Maybe you're afraid of opening up. I want you to know that these are normal. So you notice this empathizes with oops In this empathizes with what the person that we're trying to write an offer for is dealing with by simply asking chat GPT to come up with some of the possible objections and pain points that they have. Now, what I have is, this is Chad GPT. And this is actually really good, but what I use is I go a step further, we use Jasper jasper.ai is one of the best artificial intelligence copywriting apps that are out there. And I created what's called a recipe that you can find under community dot Jasper data.ai. If you have a boss mode account, you can find my recipe called perfect offer copy for coaches and course creators. And so what I'll do is I'll use chat GPT to kind of get me to the point right here, where I have this info. And then I'll copy all of this over. Here, you can answer these questions. Who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? What is your methodology include? What I'll do is I'll usually just paste all this in chat JpT. And then we'll we'll press the command on the keyboard is Ctrl, enter or you can open this up right here and press Run command. And Jasper is actually trained in a much more effective way of writing sales copy. It's specifically designed for writing marketing copy and Facebook ads. And it will start to generate better sales copy for you. Top three daily frustrations. And these are actually trained off of the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy right here. Built in bias in their decision making. What do they secretly desire in terms of goals? To feel empowered to make the decisions to the trust again and relationships. Okay, perfect. Now this is where Jasper shines. The headlines that a generates are so powerful. Right some headlines overcoming fear and anxiety after reclaiming our experience busting through mental blocks regain trust self esteem and self acceptance. I like this one. So usually what I'll do is I'll highlight the ones that I like remove the ones that I don't and we'll keep going down the list here rediscovering identity finding inner strength building resilience to toxic behaviors short skeptical questions

[2128:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: value proposition and this is where the coffee gets really good is where it says PHS and ADA coffee. Those who have experienced narcissistic abuse are very overwhelmed with negative emotions. They may struggle with intense feelings of guilt and shame and self doubt and it can be difficult to regain trust. Right ADA for the above are you feeling overwhelmed by the negative emotions of experiencing narcissistic abuse and religious trauma. Our webinar will help you reclaim your life. We provide you with the tools needed to regain trust in yourself and rebuild resilience. You can gain control of your life and emotions rebuild trust and resilience, toxic behaviors and have lasting peace generate some benefits describe the emotion the customer has. And this recipe goes even deeper and a lot further into a lot of the different different topics right here young woman named Karen she was struggling with this. It's actually generating even a story of somebody who's gone through a similar experience. What I like to do then is copy all of this and go back to chat GPT say write a write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the following info.

[2152:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great story can't Oh, that's funny. Okay. Let's try that again. They got hung up on probably one of my questions that I copied over

[2158:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: we go

[2163:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you ever dealt with felt overwhelmed by negative emotions from experiencing narcissistic abuse? Do you feel like you're struggling to regain your life and emotions? Now? How powerful is that? See, we started with a lot of people that are not using these AI tools, right? They're starting with just basic vanilla language, have you experienced this trauma? Do you feel like you're struggling like no shit? Of course they do. But once you go through it a few times, and we use Jasper to come up with better language and generate this already. This sounds way better. Have you felt overwhelmed by the negative emotions after experiencing this, as somebody who's experienced that the challenges that come from healing, I understand how hard it is to manage the intense emotions, and rebuild trust in yourself and others. So what this does is this does the one thing that's most important with your offer copy, it shows that you understand and that shows that you care. It shows that you know what they've been through. And so this language is what you can use right here. And then here's what I would do. Rewrite the above sales letter in an informal, persuasive and conversational tone. Are you struggling to heal from the pain and damage caused by narcissistic abuse and trauma? If you are I have great news, I want to Okay, well, that's a little bit much. But as somebody who's been through it all, I understand the unique challenges that come with healing, you can feel like you're alone in your struggles. And no one truly gets the depth of your pain. But I want you to know that there's hope. We'll explore practical steps for healing from a Christian perspective, we'll dive into how abuse and religious trauma can impact your life will provide you with tools and strategies for healing and self care. The best part, it's completely free. You don't have to spend a dime to start your journey. And so you could really you could use this copyright here. I think that this combined with some of this. I think the first headline on this is really good. Combined with this, both of these together, make for some great copy that then you could put on a landing page to create an offer. And so like what do you call your offer, you could go right here, generate a list of 20 titles for a free webinar about the above. Finding Hope and Healing after trauma. So you could literally call your webinar, any of these topics right here. Any of these titles, so the AI is actually helping you come up with the language for your copy. This is why we've spent maybe 1520 minutes doing this, I'll usually have my clients spend an hour going through this process again and again. And we'll take even some of this right here. And we'll filter it back into Jasper will will literally go back into the Jasper material and have it generate even more headlines off of this. And the language gets more and more colorful, more and more vibrant, more and more visual to connect with people right here. From victimization to victory. That's a great title. finding joy through grief creating boundaries and protection. Okay, so those are three titles right there that are really good

[2222:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: some headlines for the above.

[2223:25] Speaker 0: Okay

[2224:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: skeptical questions, you want to always have the skeptical questions. Value Proposition and power empower yourself to take back control of your life. There we go. See now this copy is getting even better.

[2231:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so each time that we go through the copy gets even stronger and stronger. Are you struggling to find hope? After narcissistic abuse or religious trauma, our free webinar can provide practical steps of healing. Join us to start transforming into joy and take back your life today. Let's take this let's take this right here. Let's take just some of these results that it's outputted and then we go back in the chat GPT write a sales letter based on For a free webinar based on the following are you struggling to overcome the pain and damage caused by narcissistic abuse and religious trauma can feel like you're alone and no one truly understands you feel stuck in the endless cycle write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above topic in

[2248:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: business

[2254:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's just take this right here though right here and then just come down right here write a sales letter for a free webinar about following

[2263:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: because some of our commands are in here, that's why it keeps giving it commands and it keeps getting lost. Have you struggled to overcome the pain and damage caused by this is better? You feel like you're alone. That's why we want to invite you to this webinar. It's completely free. Okay, rewrite the above yo. sales letter in an informal, conversational persuasive tone. Do you feel like you're stuck in the neverending cycle of pain and suffering after dealing with this, I totally get it. I've been there too. But I want to let you know in a secret healing and restoration. There is hope and healing and restoration that starts with our free training. It's designed for those that are struggling to manage intense emotions and rebuild trust. Okay, so you can keep doing this to come up with your offer copy, then eventually, what you'll do is you'll take the best elements and sort of piece them together like a Lego set. You notice I got the Lego here, you might take some bricks from this car. The way that I see landing pages is see I grew up using Legos I grew up playing with Legos. The way that I pieced together offer copy is very similar to putting a Lego together. So we got some pieces that we can take from one, we can put it on another and then we can create a better sales letter off of that. And then what you do is you'll take that and you can build a landing page in Squarespace, or in WordPress, or in any of the other tools that are out there like click funnels, and launch an offer that gets people on your email list, gets them signed up with you. And it gets them registered for a training with you to hop on a zoom call for whatever your coaching is. And so you can use these AI tools to write your offer copy. You can even use these AI tools to map out what your coaching program is. Watch this. Map out an eight week coaching program based on the above. Introduction, understanding coping strategies rebuilding self esteem and confidence, developing resilience exploring spirituality and faith identifying challenges. And by the way, this works for any niche. This works for any topic. Literally. Write a sales letter for how to get faster at building Legos. Are you tired of spending hours building a Lego set only feeling like you're not making progress? Do you want to build faster and more efficiently? Write down some pain points that someone might have. Feeling overwhelmed by the number of Legos. Write down 10 objections someone may have to registering for this webinar, and so you can follow the prompting process that I'm using here and these prompts that we've typed in. Some of you might want to actually upgrade to the VIP to grab the recording so that you have the prompts that I'm using, and then you can copy them down and use them yourself. Write a sales letter for a webinar. out the above. Do you ever feel like you don't have enough time to gain new skills? Okay, we'll take this right here Lego enthusiast will do write a sales letter for a webinar about the following. Are you looking for ways to improve your Lego building skills and create amazing builds faster and more efficiently? See, so we're injecting emotion into this. Rewrite the above in an informal, conversational and persuasive tone. Do you ever find yourself struggling to build those awesome sets that you've been eyeing for weeks, maybe you want to impress your friends with your mad Lego skills, we got the perfect thing for you mastering Lego building to see so it sounds like a like a lot of the sales letters that you see out there, simply by rewriting it in this tone, which is super, super cool. Okay? Take this into into Jasper. Let's throw it into our recipe. You see what I'm saying? So you can take any topic that you're doing. And you could go through this to generate headlines and sales copy and piece this together for your offers. And that's what we work with you through in the client growth accelerator is putting together your offer copy helping review your copy reviewing your offers, showing you how to build your landing pages, we got courses that walk you through creating your landing pages, creating your funnels, how to put all the steps together, how to build out your virtual event, what do you say in your virtual event to get the most results and so get on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator. If you're watching this right now, I'm just gonna show you a little bit more of this and then we're gonna go to our break. And then we'll close out this together, I really am going to show you how you can then actually start to put this to where it's making you money hand over fist to where you're actually making 20 $30,000. With this, see, just doing this process isn't going to make you the kind of money that you want to make. There's a system to it. And that's what we're going to close today out is how you actually make that 20 to $40,000. With this system. I just want to show you some of these headlines. Take your Lego building skills to the next level join our mastering Lego techniques, webinar. Short skeptical questions. So I'm using Jasper and chat GPT and going back and forth between the two of them. And I'm just pressing Ctrl Enter on my keyboard right here to generate some of these. And you notice each time we go through it, the copy gets better and better and better. And you could spend maybe 30 minutes to an hour doing this for any topic. It's actually gets really addictive once you start doing it. Because you'll start throwing like every topic you can think of into this type of stuff. Are you looking to become a pro Lego builder? Unlock your Lego building genius. Love this. Start a new one. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the following. Are you tired of spending hours with LEGO sets only to feel like you're not making progress? We want to share expert tips. Alright, rewrite the above in a conversational informal persuasive tone. Are you tired of feeling stuck and Lego building Limbo want to make your friends jealous with your EPIC building skills? We got solutions for you. It's great. All right now check this out. Map out an eight week coaching program based on the above. building the foundation building techniques and strategies building the speed and precision advanced building techniques showcasing graduation. So you're able to map out whatever your coaching program is whatever your course is, map out an eight module training course about the above and go into extreme detail about each lesson understanding the instructions building with speed and precision, advanced building techniques building with others. Okay, so chat GPT and Jasper. They're invaluable when it comes to creating your coaching offers. I hope you see that it just accelerates you because back in the day we used to have to do all of this manually and now you don't. You can take 30 minutes to an hour to do what used to take you weeks to come up with. And so now what you want to do is you want to build your landing page. Similar to the landing pages that we use here we create all of our graphics in Canva. We use Canva. For all of our graphics, we use basic Canva templates for all of our graphics. And then we launched them with Facebook ads, to get people to sign up to join us on Zoom events like this, and to tell them about our programs, and that's how we filled our coaching programs. That's how I've made over $550,000 in the last seven months of my coaching business, this is exactly how we've helped my mom scale her business, we helped her make over $20 million in her business. This is how Rick Pino made over a million dollars a month in his business. We use chat GPT chat, GBT wasn't out when we were doing it for Rick, but Jasper was and we use Jasper to develop all of the sales copy for the offers that he's created, that he's launched, he's still using many of the copy right now, for his worship music academy that he's doing. This is one of his offers that he has right here. And we wrote this offer copy right here using Jasper, okay.

[2416:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't need to be a rocket science, you don't need to be an expert marketer. But you do need to make sales and marketing your top priority and your business. You do need to make sales and marketing the most important part of your business. Okay, we're going to go on another break here. Let's just make it a 10 minute break here. Since we we've already gone over, we'll be back in 10 minutes. And then we're going to close it out. I'm going to talk to you about how do you promote this out there. And then how do you close those sales? How do you actually get people when they sign up with you? When they join you for your offer? How do you actually get them to buy from you. That's the most important part. You can you can run an offer, you can get people on your email list. But listen, if they don't show up. If they don't listen to you, if they don't pay attention to what you're teaching, and they don't take it seriously. And they don't do anything with it. You don't make any money. And so that's what we're going to close out today with is how to launch your offer like we promised how to promote it out there and how to do your sales pitch presentation to make that money. All right. Let's go on our break. 10 minutes. We'll be back. I'll see you soon.

[2593:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, welcome back. Everybody. hasn't this been great? This has been an amazing time. I'm thankful that you're here. I'm thankful for you watching all the way to this part of the training and getting all the way here with me, honestly, I feel truly honored that you would spend your time your afternoon with me. And yes, we're gonna go a little bit over time, right now I know some of you need to go, go upgrade to the VIP, make sure to go grab that. Here's the thing, not only are you going to get with the VIP, the bonus training, not only are you going to get the VIP upgrade bonuses, you're gonna get the q&a with me, you're gonna get the recording of the q&a, you're gonna get the recording of this whole session as well, in the bonuses, these two classes right here. Number three, growing your email list the fun way this goes over how to put your funnel together, how to craft your funnel. And so it's gonna go deeper into what a funnel is how to create a funnel that gets people to sign up with you. And then in this one, grow your coaching program with paid advertising. It's all about Facebook ads. So I'm gonna actually walk you through how to script and write and develop those Facebook ads and put them together and actually get them launched. And so the value that you get right here for just $7 with the VIP, is truly massive for you. Okay. Now one thing I want to talk about is a funnel map. And how do we take people from the internet to become our clients? Well, the ways that we do it is we promote our funnel out there to the world, using Facebook ads and social media content. And that's the best two ways that I know of, we've gotten all of our clients that way. Most people spend way too much time, however, on their organic social media content. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor, stop grinding your organic content, it's gonna take you way too long to get results with that when you will be able to get way more results with paid advertising by launching your offer with paid ads to the right people. Okay? Here's the thing that you've got to get. You have to move. No longer today. Are you allowed to operate out of hesitation. If you've gotten to this moment in the training, I'm gonna start shooting straight with you like I do my coaching clients. And hesitation is what's got you where you're at right now is why you don't have the kind of clients you want to make. Maybe you're hesitating to use new software to use AI to create an account with the software's to launch an offer. Maybe you're hesitating to do a zoom call or a webinar or a virtual event because you don't know if you're gonna get a sale you don't know if it's going to produce a result. The number one thing that is going to help you is by letting go of the outcome by letting go of trying to control how everything goes. And you might say, well, I don't have a budget or a safety net to not do that, I get that, you're going to get better results when you learn to. And it's really more spiritually, let go and release the tight hold that you have on the vision of your life and your business that you've had about how you think things should go. I'm telling you this building and growing a coaching business is far more intuitive than it is logical. And when you can actually tap into that intuition by letting go of trying to control the outcome. You can do everything that you can in your power to make sure that the copy is great, the landing page is great and all of that. But once you launch it, you've got to just learn to let it go. It's kind of like you're at the top of a roller coaster. And, and the roller coaster is going up the hill. But eventually you hit a point where let's say this is you in the roller coaster and the roller coaster car. You know, we'll draw a few roller coaster cars here. And this is you right here, there reaches a point where you have to just let go, you cannot control after this point. And you have to let go with reckless abandon. And then you analyze those results. And that's what we help you with in our client growth accelerator is getting to this point. And what's fun is you have me right here, guiding you along the way as a safety net. You might say well, I don't have a safety net financially. You have the next best thing when you're in our coaching programs, when you join the VIP and you get questions answered by having me in your corner to help you in your business. And listen, if you don't join our coaching program, that's totally fine. I would implore you plug into our podcast, plug into the Grow Your Life podcast, there's over, there's over 200 podcast episodes on every single thing that any coach or course creator could deal with, I do weekly episodes of the Grow Your Life podcast. And I truly believe that I've poured my heart and soul into this to give you the very best content for free over 200 episodes. And each episode is between 15 and and 30 minutes long to help you in your business. One of the episodes is this one called oh wait, is that not the one? No, it's this one down here. It's episode number 179. What is a funnel and how to build one fast. And so I go over a funnel right here. But we can also take a look at the funnel PDF that one of my funnel builders who actually built multiple seven figure funnels with us has put together for us. So the funnel that works best looks like this, you have an opt in page. Okay. This is your landing page. You have an upsell where you put maybe a VIP offer, you send a series of emails and by the way, you need to make sure that you're emailing your audience enough. You might notice I sent a number of different emails to you before this event. That's by design, because it makes sure that you actually show up we've seen a 90% increase in show up right by having that by having people put it on their calendar. And so that's very important. When you do a VIP upsell what I do as I like to add a few bonus trainings, they can get the recording, and they get a VIP q&a. Okay, and so this is all very simple and easy to put together. We use Squarespace to do this. And in our client growth accelerator, we have courses where we walk you through how to do this is where we walk you through the whole process of creating your funnel start to finish I'm in there in the members area helping answer your questions helping guide you along the way right here. See we got some questions from our our clients asking questions and I'm interacting and and showing some different ways that they can learn and use chat GPT and stuff to build their funnel inside the client growth accelerator members area. That's what you get. That's what you get access to as a community of people and we're working with you to build your offer to build your funnel to work on your copy to work on your ads copy. And so how do we find our clients but we have to build our fun All this is our landing page, that's the foundation of everything is the funnel page, you can get this up in less than two weeks easily, anybody can. But then you gotta let go when you promote it when you launch it with Facebook ads. Now here's the cool part, we use artificial intelligence to write all of our advertisements. Now, Jasper AI is actually the best artificial intelligence app for writing Facebook ads. And in the client growth accelerator, you get access to our Facebook ads course, I'm actually going to show you a little piece taken from the course of how we use AI to script out our video ads, and write our offer copy. So let's take this right here. This is our video ad script. This is our four part video ads script, you might have seen some of the video ads that we run for this event, maybe you saw them that we were that we were running on, on Facebook. They kind of look like this. You see here. They kind of look like this. If you're a coach wondering how do you make 20 to $40,000 a month working only five to 10 hours a week, I want to show you how to. So we use Jasper to actually script out our ads that way. You can go in here, create a document using boss mode. And you can get a free trial Jasper with my link as well. So what I would do, for instance, is I could take the accelerator page, right here. And you can get on the waiting lists for the accelerator right here.

[2750:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if we grab this page right here, I can actually create a Facebook ad for it by pasting the accelerator landing page right here, the copy that we already wrote. If I go in here and I take this copy and I take what it is that you're going to learn and all of this. We bring it into Jasper.

[2758:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: We can have a do create a video ad script that uses the four questions above. Are you frustrated being in the same stuck in the same place in your coaching business? Don't worry, I can help. I'm a successful coach who has helped hundreds of clients create wealth by breaking free of their limiting beliefs. With my course, I'll show you the six steps to break free and create the success you want. Learn how to get you unstuck in any situation and how to sell with confidence and how to help others with these mindset changes. Don't take my word for it. See what other successful coaches are saying. Take control of your coaching business and break free of your limiting beliefs. Don't go another day without taking control of your future. Okay, so this would be an ad for the client growth accelerator. That might be one ad that's specifically about mindset and it is accurate. Let me delete some of this right here and go to the top. And then let's try to have it do it once more by deleting some of that, right a video ad script using the four question framework above. Do you want to attract high quality clients who come to you instead of going after them? I'm here to tell you the proven strategies of 1%, the top 1% of advertisers. I'm a seven figure coach, I'll teach you strategies of closing six and seven figures how to sell online laser target your customers, simplify all the technical aspects, craft headlines generate hooks, you'll learn how to bring all of this together for a consistent three to 10 times return on investment on your ad spend, read the mind of your customer write emails that get them to buy and create courses that they want to buy. Click the link in this video and unlock massive success. So these are two different ads, add one and add to that this was able to write based off of just copying our sales letter for the client or the accelerator. And you can press this convert the above to a Facebook ad and it'll actually convert it to Facebook ad copy. Are you ready to take your coaching business to the next level and make more money? I'm here to tell you it's possible. I'm a seven figure coach that's dedicated to helping entrepreneurs succeed with my coaching program during the top strategies used by advertisers. Yep, so it's able to take all of that copy that we had up there. We can also do this right here. Convert the above to pa s copy. This is the process that we use to create all of our Facebook ads is we're just going in here, oops, that didn't come out very well. Three, right, this is talking about sugary drinks or something that's weird. Convert the above to a Facebook ad. Are you a coach and entrepreneurs struggling to get results, you know are possible in your business don't give up introducing the client growth accelerator will show you how to laser target customers who are ready to buy perfect. So you can take this and edit that simply by creating some commands in here. They also have a few templates built into their Templates section that are specifically for Facebook ads, as well. They have tick tock captions and YouTube video scripts and all these different pre programmed scripts that create some great content for your marketing in Jasper right here. Okay. And so I've decided to actually do something that I wasn't sure if I was going to do it. Actually, let's not talk about that right now. I'm going to talk about that at the end here. What I want to talk about next is how do you actually close sales? How do you actually get these people when you run a paid advertisement? When you run a Facebook ad when you run an Instagram ad, when you're using these AI tools? Once you get the roller coaster going? How do you actually turn that into profit for you? Okay, so sales is all about creating an environment where the right people want to purchase from you the right offer. Okay. And the way that we're doing it is we are growing our email list. See, I don't believe in high pressure sales, I don't believe in spamming people. I don't believe in doing some of these amateur approaches that people talk about, I want to show you this is the system that we've developed is how to get sales without having to talk one on one to anybody, and do group coaching, so that you can leverage your time to make way more money in your business. That's why you're here. And so one of the number one things that you need to do, you need to start doing you notice how many emails I send out, if you're on my email list, if you join this training, you notice how many emails I send out. That's by design, you need to email your list at least once a day. Or you're just not using that asset. And you might say, well, I don't feel comfortable with that I don't like when people email me once a day. This is one of those areas where you're just gonna have to kind of get over what's comfortable for you and really process in your mind. What is the belief behind that why you don't want to bother people so much, because that's actually a limiting belief that's going to keep you from succeeding in your business. If you're trying to control other people's responses to you what they think about you, you're not going to have success with this with this model, because you're going to be way too focused on managing other people's emotions. Okay. And so in our client growth accelerator, we have a course on how to sell for people who struggle with sales. I don't believe in slimy, high pressured sales. I don't believe in doing anything that I don't like that rubs me the wrong way. But emailing people once a day, because here's what it is they have the ability to unsubscribe, okay. And so you actually want to honor other people's autonomy and their ability to unsubscribe, you have the ability to unsubscribe from me, stop listening to me anytime you want, and sometimes actually send emails out, encouraging people to unsubscribe if they haven't been connecting with my content. So we haven't historically high open rate. Okay. And so a big part of you going after your goals is you can't let worry of what other people think about you control your actions. And it's really twofold is we're either afraid of what people think, or we have this pride, sort of the standards of I won't lower myself down to that standard where I would email people every other day. And I'm telling you, that's just that's an unhealthy level of arrogance. That's not going to make you any money. That need to do everything right and be so critical of what everybody is doing wrong. That need to avoid criticism from anybody. I don't want to do anything that pisses people off or rubs them the wrong way. You won't make any money in this business. With that mindset. You just can't. Because you'll be tiptoeing around walking on eggshells trying to please everybody and pleasers don't make money in this business. They just don't And then you might be saying, well, what if I am a pleaser? Then how do I make money? Well, you need to actually have a growth mindset to where maybe that's worked for you up to this moment in time in your life. But for you to have the business financial success results that you want, you're going to have to grow into a sort of new version of yourself, that is confident that is bold, that asks for what they want. That is in command that walks with authority and belief and power and you believe in yourself, and you believe that anything is possible for you. You say your affirmations in the morning, you walk around, believing in yourself, and you're not afraid of rubbing anybody the wrong way because of that level of belief. And I know that there's parts of your life where you walk that way where you live that way. In this business, it's a requirement. And you have to get good at public speaking, and sales. Public speaking and sales are the two skill sets that pay the bills, you being able to speak on camera, how do you get better at both of those, it's not by reading a book, though I actually have a great book that you can check out. Called the way of the wolf, by Jordan Belfort straight line selling master the art of persuasion, influence and success. This is one of the best sales books on the planet that you can pick up on Amazon to help you. And one of his number one rules right here is you must be honest and ethical. You must be conversational, you must have energy that believes in yourself. And you must have charisma and excitement. And just be vibrant, where you glow. And when you light up those you right now you can like I'm lit up by this, I'm lit up by this content, I'm lit up by the possibility of helping you get the results that you want in your business. I'm lit up by doing this.

[2918:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's some of you that I'm excited, you're going to go to the next level to work with us in the client growth accelerator. You're going to learn how do you craft out your script for your virtual event? How do you write your Facebook ads, you're going to create an offer, you're going to create a funnel and you're going to work with us through building all of this together in your business. There's actually a script of how you do these virtual events, we walk you through step by step, what do you say, at each stage of your virtual event to start to get results, you also get an archive of all of the virtual event trainings that I have. By the way, I'm just telling you this right now, this presentation is probably one of my best ones that I've done if I just want to pat myself on the back here, because the energy that I have has been consistent throughout, which is amazing, which is incredible. And so hey, I'm giving myself a high five for this because I'm like, you know, I'm excited. I'm excited to work with some of you, I'm just being real with you right now, I'm not trying to put on a facade. I'm not trying to create some sort of, you know, special parameters where you buy for me and and I walk you through and I move you two steps forward and one steps back and we script out all this stuff. No, I keep it simple. A simple three step approach that we use when you're selling, and on your webinars and on your virtual events. This three step approach. What I'm about to tell you in the next 10 minutes is worth $10,000. This three step approach took us two years to develop, to master to put together for you. And I've only ever taught this to my highest level clients. Until now. I've only ever taught this to my coaching clients. I've never taught this to anybody in a setting like this. And so a for one, I want you to start to take some notes. Because this is actually the most important part of this entire talk today. Why do I say that? Because if you can sell if you know what to say and you can script out what you're actually going to say to close sales. You can make a heck of a lot of money by getting people on a zoom call with you. If you get people on a zoom call following what I taught you but you can't sell you're dead in the water before even started. And this is the main area that people come to me for is how do they actually come up with that signature talk of what connects with people of what connects with the prospect of what builds trust with the prospect of what gets them to a level 10 belief and what it is that you offer. I want to ask you this, if your prospect had a level 10 belief in what you offer, and listen, consumers are savvy today. Their BS meter is on major overload. People know when they're being hoodwinked and when they're being sold. And when somebody's dishonest. Can I tell you this though, if you don't work out what's between your two ears, you could be the most honest salesperson in the world. And people will actually think that you're dishonest, because you're projecting insecurity into every single conversation. I was doing that early on, until I found this three step framework that actually allowed me to organize my thoughts and put them together to create more sales in our business is allows you to create a connection with your prospect is allows you to serve them on a deeper level, and you actually stop convincing them. And so the three steps are this, every virtual event that we do follows this three step framework. Okay. So I mentioned, this is a three hour virtual event right here. Sometimes we'll do a three day virtual event, sometimes we'll do a five day virtual event. What we do though, is we split it, whether it's five days, or it's three days, or it's two hours, or it's one hour, we split it into thirds. So we have 33%, right here. 33%. Right here. 33%, right here. And this is a timeline from start to finish. In your event. This is the first 30 to 45 minutes of your event. You noticed, we split this event up into three sessions with breaks in the middle. Because we're actually using this script. Right now, in this Training we use for every single virtual event that people have to register with their name and email address, we follow this script, and it works for any industry. And what it does is it allows you to deliver on the promises that you said you're going to make with people. Because here's how you scripted out the first 30% of your content is all about mindset and vision. You're casting vision for where the prospect is going, you're reiterating what was already on the sales page, when they found you. You're not walking around timid and afraid. You're projecting your confidence into the client, you're reminding them of their dreams. And you spend the first 30% of your virtual event, the first hour of a three three hour event. That's all you talk about. And this does two fold. This attracts and connects deeper emotionally, with the people that are most qualified to work with you and super repels the people that are not like they literally they'll log off after the first 33% Because they didn't actually connect with what the purpose and the energy and the vision of the event is. So I want you to think about it that way. There's a certain energy of an event like this. There's a certain energy of working with me. And so what I did was I threw a giant dose of my energy into this first 33% With mindset and vision. And that's where the script starts. If you do a one day event, the whole first day is just that. Do people get pissed off? Absolutely. We get nasty messages from people because they log off after the first 33% and they never get to the rest of it. And they're like, you liar you scammer you bla bla bla and listen, you're gonna get that you're gonna get people coming after you saying a whole bunch of horrible things. No matter how much good you do. No matter how ethical you are, you can't stop it. It's going to happen. But what's great is those people usually never come back. They never actually sign up and they never actually become clients. And so, in my opinion, I think that that's actually a good thing. And that's why you need to let go of the outcome and stop trying to control the outcome you need to let go of people 50% Of all the People who join our email list unsubscribe, they leave never to be found again, never to come back again. And that's a good thing. And we're actually thankful for that, because their vibe doesn't fit our tribe. And the further along you go, the reason why we do two hour three hour events or three day or five day is because not everybody gets to the finish line. You're somebody who's getting to the finish line with us right here. Not everybody gets to the finish line. And so what we do is in this portion right here, and this is kind of a flex portion, you can flex it to where it's, it could even be like 50%. And then this could be, you know, 17%, that's kind of how we're actually doing this one. And so but this middle portion, is promised content. This is where you actually teach the promised content. So you're only really teaching about an hour to two hours of your content. In the middle part right here, you're gonna go over the actual content that people registered for when you registered for this training. The middle part of this really goes over what was promised on this landing page. And I think I did a great job of delivering on what we talked about what we're going to do, I really feel like you have the confidence to go out there to launch your virtual event and to get some clients in your business. And I'm excited to hear the testimonies that come out of it. I'm excited to connect with you. I'm excited to see you go further than just today. And then the last part.

[3069:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's promise content. And then this last part is the sales pitch dunked on door. Some of you were like, Man, when was he going to pitch us right? Well, I've been telling you about the VIP the whole time, I've been actually selling you the whole time on the client growth accelerator. I've been selling you on working with me, I've been selling you on joining me at some of our future events, even I've been selling you just by being here just by connecting with you and your energy. And I And listen, there's less people now, then we're here when we started, it's because they didn't connect with us or they have other stuff to do. And they'll they'll watch the recording. And that's great. Whatever works best for you, I know that the way that I teach, a lot of people are actually getting transformation through the recorded content, which is exciting. It used to only be when they were live. Now we're transforming people in the recording. And they're coming in and they're saying I've only watched on the recording, and I made six figures. That's what Judy was doing. That's what Shawn has done. Shonda went out there. And she had a successful campaign, a 300% return on her ad spend the first time out launching her virtual event with us. And she was nervous. She had tried so many other things. She came in and she had asked, you know, how Jeremiah how does this program compare to all the others? And I said, Well, you know, we teach you and we show you and we come alongside you, and we help you get results. And she said the number one thing that we taught her was to not let resistance stop you that you will always have moments of hesitation, where you will talk yourself out of the next step. And you cannot allow yourself to be tucked out of that next step. You have to learn to move forward in the face of hesitation and to act more on your instincts and stop pausing so much to consider. Is this the right move or not overthinking over analyzing, ruminating on is this the right thing I should do or not? And listen, here's the thing, I'm a person of faith, I believe in Jesus, I pray and say Holy Spirit, show me what I don't know, bring some supernatural on top of my natural ability and guide me and direct me and help me deliver value to people. And I'm telling you there's there's magic with that that happens. There really is and you don't have to have the same faith as me. But you do have to have faith in the process. That the process of this works, that if you want to go out there and you want to build a six figure coaching business, virtual events is the best way to do that. It's the best way to get results. It's the best way to connect with people. Might it be scary? Absolutely. It might be. It might be the most terrifying thing you ever do. But it's worth it. Question I got to ask you is this Do you want to do it by yourself? Or would you like some help from our community? We have service providers in our community that help you build your funnels and do your Facebook ads, would you like some help? To do this, that's the ask. Here's the thing, just you being a part of our community, you already have access to me to help you, even before you pay me any money. By plugging into the podcast, you can go on any podcast episode, and if you go on YouTube, or any of my social media, you can leave a comment. And I will give you coaching and help you in the comments, you can treat the comments of any of my public social media, like it's your own personal coach. If you go to my Instagram, you can comment and message me and talk about and I'm delivering value across all of these platforms to help you get results. And so I'm already in your corner, just by us being connected. We have 1000 videos on YouTube, we got 200 podcast episodes that you can learn from and that you can grow from. And now I mentioned for some of you, one on one coaching might actually be a good fit. Having me be your secret weapon in your corner to build a seven figure empire. Now, it's not going to be cheap, it cost you $30,000. But it'll be worth it. And any of you right now can go and apply for this, you can put down a deposit. And then we can connect you with our financing partners, they actually will give you if you have really good credit, you could do up to 60 months for 6% interest and finance the $30,000. And what do you get with that? Well, you get eight hours with me in a VIP session, we get two bonus sessions with me, you get a free membership to my client growth accelerator, you get lifetime access to all of my courses, all of the courses that we have all of the courses that we've put together, you get lifetime access to those. You get grandfathered in. And we get to work together on your messaging, and your copywriting and your advertising and your offer building. And so, some of you if you're thinking about this, don't think about it, apply now. Put down your deposit. And I'd love to work with you. For the rest of you, I have actually decided we decided this on the break is that we are actually going to open the doors to our group coaching program the client growth accelerator. until Tuesday, March 14. Next week, this is going to be the final round of founders pricing that we're going to do. I've done a few rounds of founders pricing. And I'll tell you what that pricing is in a minute, we'll actually told you at the beginning. Very simply put $2,000 for the year, or 12 payments of 166 bucks a month, you got a risk free money back guarantee for 30 days to try it out. Give us a try. compare us to everybody else. See how it is. You're gonna get access to coaching with me. Let's just go over this a little bit together. Well, I have weekly coaching calls with me in the group, live easy to follow trainings from our brand new courses, live weekly q&a s live daily interaction in the group where I'm commenting back and you're able to connect with everybody in the group. Multiple pop up trainings a month where I give special trainings that are just exclusive for our members that nobody else gets. You get access to all my current courses, hotseat, copy and add rewrites access to all of our future courses. As long as you're in the program, you get the private content vault where you actually get access to all of the virtual events that we've done. You get to watch and observe how I do my virtual events and help and you can script out your virtual events by going through there and doing that. Hands on video lessons. Our learning platform actually tracks your progress we use think if ik for our platform, you get hundreds of pages of course notes and now we've been doing transcripts of all of our courses. You get live weekly coaching. That happens at 11am Central Time, Monday mornings, every single week. And you get a monthly copywriting rewrite day at 11am on the second Thursday of the month. Plus you get all the courses with me. Six steps to six figures as a coach Our proven blueprint that walks you through building your course. irresistible offers that sell, how to put together an irresistible offer that converts people. This is the exact process that we use with my mom with Rick Pino with Joshua Giles. This is the same process that Judy Hughes and that Dr. Shawn defused, and that Don is used and that Emma, and Angie and Nate and Nathaniel and all of our clients are using to get results. You get automated marketing secrets, we're actually show you how to put your marketing on autopilot. So you don't even have to be there live. You don't even have to do it live. In fact, I'm going to let you know this right now. This is a recording right here. I'm on here right now it's a recording, I'm going to go through the comments that you've left. But I actually recorded this last week, because we're going to be out of town right now. And I teach you how to do that, how to put it all on autopilot, and automated marketing secrets so that you can create evergreen funnels that connect with what people actually want that close sales in your business.

[3219:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why we're doing the live q&a Next week. It's not going to be recording for that. But for me, as a father, I have to step aside for my business. And I need to do virtual events like this that are live. Nobody's ever seen it before. But I'm not physically present at that moment in time. And so by doing virtual events, we usually do our free or free ones like this. Sometimes I'm live sometimes it's a recording, but it's always new content. That's the biggest thing. Nobody in my community or my list has actually watched this training. This is the first time that it's actually put out there in the public. Okay, and I'm not going to run it again. And you're going to lose the recording to this in 48 hours. If you don't upgrade to the VIP, or you join the client growth accelerator. We're gonna help you map out your virtual events are brand new course landing page blueprint, where I break down the science behind building your landing pages and the psychology of what makes them work. We got chat GPT prompt Academy, where I'm going to show you how to use chat GPT to automate your life and your business plus copywriting mastery, Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners. I'll walk you through step by step how to build your Facebook and Instagram ads funnel building Made Easy, successful selling for people who struggle to sell to help you become a trained assassin salesperson and start closing deals left and right. Email marketing the fun way, write emails that get open that your audience will love. And it doesn't have to be boring or scary. Tick tock ads Made Easy mindset Foundation's easy course Creation Blueprint, the list goes on of these courses that you get. Plus you get any brand new courses that we have. Plus, you get these five bonuses right here. If you register before midnight, on March 14, you're gonna get the Fast Start Training bonus to wear on March 15. The next day after the doors close, it's going to be a live in person in our program on live and in person. I don't do recorded stuff in there. But you get a live in person Fast Start Training next Wednesday, March 15. As part of the program, it's a quickstart jumpstart where I'm going to help you get started in your business right away. Not only that you're gonna get this powerful million dollar offer creation and sales training that I did with Rick Pino that's not found anywhere else about the power of other people's stages, and how you can actually use this one organic traffic source to grow your business without spending money on paid ads. You get the recordings of offer Launchpad 2022 And the one that we just did in February to help you hone in craft your funnels and write your offer copy. You get funnel building fast track and funnel building university training with Steven Robbins. He's our funnel builder and he helps us build funnels in our business and you get two free tickets to offer Launchpad live a two day live virtual mastermind not pre recorded May 26 May 27. To where you're going to get access to immerse yourself into the world of what we are doing in business to get help in a mastermind setting a virtual mastermind setting to create your offers create your copy on May 26 to May 27. It's an all day event from 11am to 5pm. The last two that we've done, you get the recordings to them as part of the program. But this is live and you won't want to miss this So you get all of this, when you join before midnight, Tuesday, March 14, after that, the doors closed again, the waiting list closes, we're not opening it anytime soon, it's not going to be probably till after the summer, that we're going to open the doors and you're going to have to wait till then I would implore you to not wait until that, I would implore you to stop saying till tomorrow, I'm gonna say something that's bold, and might be offensive to some people. But I'm gonna say it. I have people every time that I've ever opened the doors to a program, say, I'll jump in next month, I'll jump in next time, I'll jump in next time, but never do. I never see them. Because their habitual excuse makers. They're just lying to themselves and me that they're ever going to do it next time. That's just, that's just how people are. And so I know that and so don't write me saying you're gonna do it next time, because show me show me that you're gonna do it. You don't have to pay $30,000 for coaching with me. It's just $197 a year for access to what I believe, is one of the greatest coaching programs that exist on the internet today, clients getting results, I just booked three clients in my brand new transformation group. She launched her first offer. And she's getting clients. And that's what we're going to help you do. If you jump into the client growth accelerator. There's no credit check required either. Jump in 0% interest for $166.42 a month for 12 months. And both levels get my risk free money back guarantee. The question you got to ask yourself is this? Why would you go out there and do it on your own when you have this offer right here. Try it for 30 days, see if it's for you. I'm there to support you. I'm going to come alongside you. I'm going to walk with you. And I'm going to show you through every step and every curve and every mishap that you might encounter. You have access to a team of people in a community that has your back so that there's no getting stuck. There's no reason for you to get stuck. Jumping to the client growth accelerator, start to get some results in your business and start to create the kind of coaching business that you know is possible. I can't wait to work with some of you. Next week. In the VIP, we're gonna meet up on Tuesday the doors close that night, Tuesday, March 14. Our VIP is Tuesday, March 14. Okay, and so you have until Tuesday, March 14, we're going to be meeting up at 4pm. Eastern Time 3pm Central for a live q&a, where you can ask me any questions you have to where you can get coaching with me just by upgrading to this VIP, so this is only going to be available this $7 Both of these expire at midnight, on March 14, you're not going to be able to get the VIP upgrade or the client growth accelerator after midnight March March 14. Okay. Jump in, make a commitment this year. Start growing that coaching business that you know as possible and create the kind of profits that you've been hoping for in your business. I'll see you guys next week. We'll talk soon. Have a good one.

