Opportunities AKA Sales Pipeline Management
Date: 2023-04-28T04:11:11.000Z
Duration: 4 min
Otter ID: BsoZHz7W44zf4bg4XT12fBrDIoI
---

[0:15] Speaker 0: Alright, let's talk about the opportunities tab here. This is your sales pipeline. This is where you're going to manage all of your prospects from the various source of leads, or lead magnets or opt in pages or funnels that you have. Okay? So let's say someone opts in and ask you a question on your website through the chat widget, it'll automatically get populated here, we have an automation setup for that. And it's going to place a little card identity, little contact card right here that you can drag and move around as you need to. To keep organized, right, so each stage is like a pipeline is a part of the pipeline, each stage here, if they schedule an appointment, they'll get put right here, if they need to reschedule, let's say they didn't show up. Or maybe they told you they need to reschedule, you put them here, if they know shows you, then you put them here, if they showed up, you can put them here and you can customize this pipeline stage as you need to do it. If you purchased one of our setup programs, where we set everything up for you, this is part of the package, we'll set up your entire opportunities pipeline as it pertains to your business model. So maybe you're a local business, or maybe you are an online coach running a live event than if you're running a live event, you would have this set up very differently differently, right, someone that shows up to the live event, what they are we honoree on day five of the live event who signed up on the live event, and then have some automated check ins here, two to three days after your live event with some automated text messages and emails. Okay, so you can use this, you can use this to track your sales, right, so let's say you sign someone up, you just drag them to this green box. Okay. And that will trigger the system to track a sale, you want to click this white space, okay? Click the white space in here to open up their card. And you want to make sure they have a value here. So if you're selling a course 997 room, make sure that's inputted input it make sure you input that there, and then drag it down to one. Because what that's going to do on your dashboard, it's going to update and see how many deals you've closed. So that way you have your numbers all dialed in, right? It's so important to know how much to know your numbers, how much you're spending on ads, how many? What's your cost per appointment? What's your cost per show? What's your cost per close? Right cost per acquisition. So then you can track all those numbers right here. But that is a prerequisite to making sure these numbers are accurate, is making sure you keep track of your pipeline, click the white space, put in the lead value there, click Update, boom, you're good to go. Now you can also click their name to go into the actual contact tab. And you can keep notes on them and all that stuff as well. Right. So that is the opportunities pipeline. You can also add as much of filters up here, or you can filter out the day and time. So if you want to just see today or the last seven days, you can do that. All right, let's see if there's anything else. All right couple of things. So if you have multiple people on your team, like salespeople are setters, and you want to separate out who they're assigned to. So if you want to look at leads that are only assigned to Zack smelter, it'll pull up all the leads that are assigned to that specific teammate. So that's another way to organize it if you need to see if your team teammates need to see exactly who their leads are. Then you can filter it right there. You can also filter out the source of leads so you know exactly where they're coming from where they come from tick tock ads, Facebook ads, Instagram, from the website. Alright, here is the source. It'll show you where that's coming from. All right. That is the opportunities pipeline. That's your sales pipeline to keep track of all of your leads coming in. That's all I got for

