Mastering One on One Sales - Lesson 5
Date: 2023-11-24T05:08:13.000Z
Duration: 26 min
Otter ID: VlxLbikTnc8uo0hEg179YlTlWR8
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, hello, and welcome to our mastering one on one sales course. This is our final lesson here, today all about just some closing tactics that I want to share with you a few things that we hadn't discussed. And I think that these are going to really help you these are again going to be a little bit more advanced techniques related to closing, and then even what to do after the sale. And I think that that's important as well. So when it comes to closing, sales, it relies on your communication ability relies on your ability to maintain your energy. And it relies on your ability to connect with people. And the truth is, is this the most people are skeptical of salespeople. And so your ability to disarm the skepticism and the fear and the worry as fast as possible is going to be one of the greatest things that you can do you want it to be that the person absolutely loves talking with you. And this is one of the first thing that you want to do to help with that is you want to assume that you're talking to the right person. One of the mistakes that I see that a lot of people make, especially when it comes to closing is they try to close somebody who's not actually closable. Okay, and so short, like we have this idea that we can convince people, by the words that we say, to become a client that we can maneuver them over into our laps to do the things that we want them to do. And, you know, we've all seen that. But in reality, that's not the majority or the rule, that's kind of the minority and the exception, okay. And so what's funny is, is oftentimes, when it comes to sales, and one on one sales, that's what people think that they're doing is they're forcing, they're pushing the door into it, when really, and this goes back into a lot of the other courses that are in our members area. In the accelerator, the client growth accelerator members area, a lot of the courses touch on qualifying the prospect, making sure that you have the right person in front of you. Okay. And so again, that's one of the number one things that you want to do, because then you can operate in one of the best closing techniques that's out there, which is the assumptive. Close, you assume that the person that you're talking to, is a good fit for what you're offering. And you assume that they're going to buy from you instead of hoping they buy from you. You communicate and talk as if they've already said yes, you know, so I listen, I'm excited to move forward with you on this. I'm excited to work with you on this. And if they're not ready to move forward, they can pause it at that point, okay. And so when you qualify the prospect, well, you can ethically assume that you're talking to the right person. And you don't need to worry about Oh, am

[46:32] Speaker 1: I giving them agency Am I giving them the ability to think for themselves.

[48:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because when you've qualified the right prospect, you know that you're talking to somebody that is a good fit for what you're doing. And so we don't have to go back to all the tiptoeing around, because you've already done the legwork to make sure that they're a good fit already. Okay, so the assumptive, close is kind of a must. And it's something that really, is what helps just kind of move them through the door, you're just kind of moving them from where they're at, to where is the best place for them, the best place for somebody who is qualified, shows interest has continued through the sales process with you is for you to help them get their credit card out, and give you your credit card, not trying to convince them that they should work with you. Okay, so understand that. Now, here's a few things, though, that you may need to do, you may need to include some form of urgency to help people make that decision. And so a form of urgency could be you know, we have a limited time sale, we have a discount, even if your regular price, I always try to say that there's a discount, and that the regular price is like four to six times what the what the discount is, and that it's a limited time discount. We put a deadline on it. That's why we have a waiting list. There's bonuses that you can get when you sign up with the discount. There's limited time bonuses if you sign up in the first 24 hours. So all of these create a sense of urgency of now we're never to jump in with you, okay? And so that's what you want to do is you want to create that urgency so that they are not like well, I can sign up whenever I want later because here's the thing, okay, again, I understand where some of y'all might be coming from not wanting to do that. It is hard enough to close sales without doing this or with doing this, that you're making it 10 times It's harder for you, it's already hard enough to close sales sales is not the easiest thing in the world. It really isn't. But it's very simple. And you can learn it. And it can change your life because you can literally write your own paycheck, when you can sell to people. And when you can learn how to get people to give you their payment information. When you meet them, it transforms your life, it transforms your future. Okay. The other thing is, is this, you know, I saw this the other day, you get good at sales by doing it, kind of like cooking. I heard somebody compared to sex, even, you know, you get better at sex by doing sex, you get better at cooking. By doing cooking, you get better at driving by driving. That's what sales is. And so you can't read a book about cooking. And to get better at it. You can't read a book about making love to your partner, and get better at actually doing it without doing it. You can't get you can't read a book about sales, or take a course about sales without actually connecting with real people to get better at it. Okay? And so that's why it needs to be your mission, if you're in this program, if you're going through this training, to get in front of the right people to connect with them and to close them sales. Again, one of my favorite books about sales, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort all about what to do in face to face sales, and how to communicate well with people. You know, he's got a couple of rules here that I love to read. I'm gonna read. I'm gonna read some of these rules. Number one, you are a sifter, not an alchemist. We're gonna read this together. You are a sifter, not an alchemist. Imagine yourself as an old passion. gold prospector. You're not going to be able to turn something that's a rock into gold. You want to find the gold that's there by qualifying the prospect. Always ask for permission to ask questions. Use a script. Go from less invasive questions to more invasive. You know, don't start by asking them stuff that's too personal right away. You want to desensitize them to some of the questions that you that you have to ask. Ask them in the right tonality. Have the right tone IGE up, your voice goes up or your voice goes down. And again, I really highly recommend this book to you use the right body language that they respond to nodding your head while the prospect is talking. Narrowing your eyes, compressing your lips nodding your head slowly when they're disclosing an issue. Narrowing your eyes even while compressing your lips even more intensely if it's about a pain point, leaning forward when they ask an emotionally charged question, and then continuing to lean forward. Or when you ask an emotionally charged question, and I continue to lean forward, when they respond back leaning back when you ask a question that's grounded in logic. You know, leaning forward it has to do with the motion leaning backward st with logic even even that right there, I could do more of myself following a logical path to your questions know what part of town you in? Are you married? Are you single? What do you do for work done in kids? No, it's more a logical path apart. Tony Arendt? How long have you been there? What do you like about it? Are you married or single? Do you have kids? Okay? Make notes but don't resolve their pain. Your goal is not to resolve their pain. Your goal of your webinars isn't to resolve their pain that happens the pain is resolved when they become a prospect. Your goal is to agitate the pain to make them more aware of the pain. And then by buying from you it kills the pain. Okay? So you have to make sure that you do that you got to scratch the itch, but not enough of that goes away. And then it will go away once and only once they buy. It's an important thing to do. Okay, so again, this book is a great book, highly recommend it. There's lots of really good resources in it for you that you can read. Now, one of the things that you want to do is you want to make sure that you're asking the closing question at the right time. There's a good time and a bad time to ask a closing question. And I think that's something that we want to and have to become aware of, is that it's not always the best time to ask the closing question. It's important to time things correctly. If you push too hard too quickly. You can come across as really desperate. So you got to read the buyer signals again. This is part of the doing, you'll get better at it by doing That's one of the things that you want to do is you want to practice identifying when that right time is to actually do the close, okay? And so by being able to to be able to do that, you're going to be able to understand when's the best time to start to go in to ask them for the credit card, when it's ready to do this, okay, you're gonna get better at this by the more people that you connect with buy the more people that you talk to. All right. Now, one of the things that you really want to make sure of when you're selling, and you want to get good at this is you want to with every prospect that you market to, and this is why in the model that we teach the one to many model, you're you're qualifying people around a very specific

[173:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: life experience stories that they have. But individuals have their own individual issues and personalities and things that come up and things like that. And so you want to make sure that you are personalizing it, both with understanding their behavior, you want to be really become really good at psychology, a lot of sales is psychology, it's understanding the thinking behind the prospect. It's understanding what is driving their thinking more than anything else. Diving into that, and you'll learn this, you know, you can study a lot of the things that motivate people, you can study what drives them. One of the things is as for me as going through therapy, as I learned, also, what are some of the things that drive people to make decisions. And that helps you to get better at sales. One of the biggest reasons why I would say work on your own triggers, become super self aware of all of this and work with a therapist is it will actually help you become aware of reading other people's triggers other people's behavior much better by doing that, okay, you become a behavior analysis person, you become somebody who analyzes the behavior of others. And you end up then telling stories back to the person about this such as this, you know, oh, man, if somebody says I, I ran ads before I struggled, listen, I remember a client of mine Venetia, she ran a whole bunch of ads, she was struggling with that too. And then she came through our program worked with us. And now she's no longer struggling to run our ads. And she's creating more sales than she ever imagined that she could by simply applying one of the fast and simple techniques that we teach about dialing in the offer to increase the quality of the prospects and lower the ad spend overall. So that's a story or a case study of a way that using your system helps somebody positively. And so you want to understand what are the objections the person has? What are they thinking what's really going on, underneath the surface for them, and start to design your talk with the person around the very human elements that they're experiencing. Okay, so you craft the narrative around the type of person that you're talking to, when we're qualifying the right prospect, when we're very careful to qualify the right prospect, and we make sure that we have the right qualified people in front of us, we can have confidence that there are some similarities with almost all the prospects that we have. So then what you do is you become very intuitive in this, and this is what I have learned over the time of connecting and talking with enough people. Part of the reason why some of y'all are struggling with the idea of one on one sales, you just haven't connected with enough people. You just haven't had enough of these conversations. Okay. And it might be scary for you to have one of these conversations, understand that those nerves are normal, don't let them defeat you. Okay. You want to understand what is the prospect going through? What is their pain? What have they tried before? What does their story look like, get them to disclose to you what they've gone through. And this is where you want to make them feel really comfortable. Most people are not willing to disclose all the stuff they've tried before, that hasn't worked initially, until you help them feel comfortable enough that you're going to solve this problem for them, and that you're not going to sell to them really, somebody's not going to disclose the stuff that you need to close the sale until they feel confident that this isn't just a sales pitch, quote, unquote, that you're actually there to help them and to be more of like a counselor type role with them. And that's where you can kind of take that little bit of that counselor seat initially is in the personalization process is getting to know what are they going through? What are they dealing with? What is that stuff beneath the surface that drives their decision making? What have they tried before? That hasn't worked? Okay. And so when you do that, then you're able to craft the different points that you bring up along the sales pitch. I might bring up one point with somebody who maybe has success in a coaching business This, and already has tried webinars and is already closing sales versus somebody who has impostor syndrome, I'm gonna really lean into the fact that we can help them break past all of those limitations that are stopping them from feeling confident over here. Whereas over here, we want the person to know it's quick, easy, simple, not going to take a lot of hours. And that's, you're gonna be able to close more sales than you ever thought possible, with a very simple process that will take them through and that the Facebook ads part is where it's going to be legit. So you want to make sure that you're using certain trigger words, certain topics, certain bullet points, based on personalizing who the person is that you're actually talking to, okay? And so this this, this gets to where you gotta get to know who you're talking to, you got to actually learn how to get to know them. That's why that book, everyone communicates few connect by John Maxwell is so valuable, okay, learning how to do that learning how to make that connection. Because then what's going to happen is, they're going to resonate with a testimony that has a similar story to theirs. They're going to resonate with the sales copy that you write, and what you verbally say that they go, Oh, wow, I'm dealing with that issue. And somebody else who dealt with that issue, solve their problem, I can, too. Or Wow, this company has me covered with what I'm looking for. Okay. People buy from us when they feel like their personalized, individualized situation is covered for them. And this is why you want to come into agreement with what they might be asking for, unless it's something that's outside of the scope of what you actually do, then that means that maybe there was a misunderstanding in the expectations of what you actually do, and why they're there. And you got to take personal responsibility for that as well. Okay. Now, one of the last thing that you want to make sure of is you want to make sure to manage the relationship after the sale. On a very good level, and here's the thing about this is, it's much easier to maintain the sale, or to keep the connection going. So that you can close another sale so that you can either retain them for additional if it's a recurring membership or recurring model, you definitely want to retain that connection by increasing value and things like that. Again, that's why I deliver courses as part of the accelerator. That's why I continue to innovate in what we're doing in our training. What this does is this opens up avenues for upsells, like my one on one coaching that we offer, cross sells other offers that we might have, that are related to what they're doing things like that. And so when you transition from closing the sale, understanding what drives them, what motivates them, and you, you take them to the finish line. Now we want to connect and build that relationship, follow up with the client right away, follow up with them, thank them for joining, affirm their decision. Tell them that you're thankful that they decided to start to work with you. You can automate some of this with automated emails as well. Creating an open communication channel so they can feel free to communicate with you or inquire about anything, post sales, introduce them to your client care team offer them an exclusive helpline number, to access customer customer service or an exclusive email address that they could access to be able to get their questions answered different avenues to go through to be able to work with you directly. And that's one of the things that you definitely want to do is you definitely want to make sure to create that connection to reinforce that connection in there. And that helps create that bond to where the person feels like okay, I'm a part of something bigger than just me. And this is going to help me overall, okay. One of the things that you want to want to want to make sure of is that the customer feels like they are taken care of after they jump in with you, and that they want to continue with you long term. Now, this doesn't mean that you're going to keep following up and selling them offers and things like that, again, that can become annoying. But it does mean that if you do have an offer, that you're going to figure out the best way to communicate with them to be able to close them on the next offer, if that's something that can help them and I see one of the things that I know a lot of people especially when they close high ticket High Ticket Sales, as they become very afraid to ask for another sale. They become very timid to tell the person about another thing that they have going on because they don't want the person to get angry. Like, Oh, they're just trying to sell me stuff, you got to get that out of your head, that people are thinking that and I want you address to address where did that come from? What are you trying to avoid? Oh, they're just trying to sell me stuff like that you're

[323:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: not genuine, do you think that people are gonna think you're not genuine, and that you're not somebody that they should work with. Because of this, again, nine times out of 10, people are not going to think that. And so you have to control your thoughts, to not be afraid of that happening. Now, one of the last things that I do want to address here is sometimes after the sale, the situation can get nasty. And the person can turn out to be either a psycho, or a crazy person or something like that. And so how do you deal with refunds, or canceling the relationship and things like that? You always, always, always want to respect your own boundaries. You want to respect your own choices, your own decisions of what you're building in your life, your business and your family. There are crazy people out there that are going to buy your programs there will always happen. And so realize that when you identify a crazy, you want to remove them from your space as quickly as possible. We don't honor disrespect. We don't honor people mistreating us in any way to make them feel seen and heard. Okay, this is something huge that you need to understand is that otherwise, that person gets a foothold, and now they have power to come in and trample all over you, and cause problems for you overall. Okay, so if you notice that somebody is operating in that type of way, quickly, stop working with them overall, you might have to have a follow up conversation that, hey, this isn't working out. Hey, I think we need to quit this here. I think we need to end this relationship. Hey, I don't think that us continuing forward is going to be a good fit. Or blocking people on social media or on your social media. It's not rude, to not listen to rude people, and it's not rude to even call them out. Overall, when they're being rude when they're being a jerk. Otherwise, they keep getting away with it over and over and over again and then remove them from your space. Don't call them out to defend yourself. Call them out as you're walking them out the door. Overall. You got to stop tolerating people mistreating you, you get what you tolerate in life. Your boundaries are very important. If somebody's mistreating you, overall, they're being mean. They're saying stuff. Now it's all consuming your thoughts. You're trying to convince yourself to them, Listen, it's not your job to manage their thoughts and feelings. Stop trying to get them to like you or agree with what you feel and what you believe they're not going to, and they're not supposed to. And so overall, when you can learn to let go of other people, when you can learn to let go of these people that might get nasty. Listen, I haven't had this happen. I had somebody join a program with me and then just get dirty, nasty. He tried to create a document that he wanted me to sign that affirmed that I was intending to defraud him. He said Jeremiah, the only way I'll be okay with this is if you sign this document that affirms that you are participating in criminal activity, did he defraud me? And I'm like, dude, like what? Like, we had an agreement didn't work out. I even gave him his money back. He's that wasn't happy. He wanted like to bury me. Was it and I'm just like, I'm like, Dude. Literally.

[380:45] Speaker 1: Not,

[380:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, go to hell is about what I wanted to say. But like, I got no tolerance for that type of behavior. And I'm not gonna try to validate myself to this person. He's nuts. He's psycho. He's insane. Okay, so this is somebody that we stopped engaging with overall, we may need to file a restraining order against, not try to convince him that he's wrong, that he needs to change or do something different. Remove, okay? So understand there are times when you need to remove certain people, even after the sale, and that becomes the hardest time because that starts to challenge to you, gosh, how did I qualify this person into my life? How did they get through my filter? And this used to bother me that people would get through my filter, and then they would end up mistreating me but now I realize Listen, that the responsibility is on me to remove them as quickly as possible. I don't need them to like me. I'm okay with losing some money with them to remove them overall. And so you have to have to have to get to that place where you're not so desperate that you allow people to mistreat you otherwise you will have a whole business of people mistreating you and that becomes very hard to Come away from and to start to build the business that you actually want people that love and celebrate you. Okay. So hopefully this has given you some great ideas about one on one sales, about closing the sale about connecting about continuing that relationship as we move forward, you're gonna get better at it by doing by going out there by creating leads by getting people to sign up on your Calendly list. And stead of you just trying to get people to buy from you, you have more of an opportunity to make a deeper connection when you make that one on one connection overall. And listen, this same training series could apply for somebody who, you know, you could train a salesperson on this, you could train them to do reach out to close to be a to be a closer for you overall, take this course and you could train a salesperson on this by having them go through these five lessons of the course overall, and they'll get better at communicating with people overall. All right, so listen, I'm excited. Thanks for connecting on this training and we'll talk soon. Have a good one

