Mastering Individual Sales - Lesson 2
Date: 2023-11-02T08:53:17.000Z
Duration: 36 min
Otter ID: 7AullQJV3g8ouvfz6kfrUbyQgss
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, so now that we've talked about the mindset of sales, the psychology getting into that stage, we want to talk about persuasion and we want to talk about you selling somebody on what it is that you're selling. Again, I want to make sure go grab this book, if you can, I'd highly recommend it the audio book, as well as the physical copy of it. The way the little five Jordan Belfort straight line selling, this is all about one to one sales. And if you remember as well, I worked for a company called Danny johnson.com. They taught one to one sales for network marketing, how do you close sales for network marketing as well, they also taught group sales to which is cool, so but we're specifically talking about one to one sales and the purpose behind that. What you need to do for any sort of one to one sales work, because you have to build trust with the person persuading somebody one to one to buy from you. Okay. And really, there's stages of this. Okay, so we talked about in a lot of our other trainings we talked about this is your your offer them signing up and even scheduling a call with you, okay, you're gonna have to persuade them, that even scheduling that call with you is, is important. So that initial part of that that's really what we talked about is even getting people to take action, that initial taking action, that's the sales copy, that's the Facebook copy that's expressing what you actually do to help people at that point, they're actually saying, Okay, I want to I want to talk one, to one, with a person with somebody who's on the other end of this, to get my questions answered. And really, the people are expecting when they do that they're already expecting, or they're going to have to make an investment of at least $2,000 or more, and people know that they know. So don't act all sheepish and timid. When you get on that call. Okay, there's some of that you got to do within the first four seconds, when you talk to somebody one to one is you have to show and demonstrate that you are confident that you are sharp, that you know what you're talking about, that you're worth their time, that, that they need to believe that you're the best in the world at what you do, essentially. And you might say, Yeah, but I'm not the best in the world at what I do. It's not about being the best in the world at what you do. It's about projecting that energy. And for some reason, you got some apprehension against projecting that energy, that's an internal mindset issue that you have, that somehow believes that that's inauthentic or wrong to be confident. And, and I'll just address that right away is, that's the only way that you're gonna get anybody to ever buy from you is by being fully confident in the fact that them talking to you, that whatever it is that you're selling them on, because remember, for them to even book the call with you, that needs to be some kind of believed, outcome and results. So what is that believed outcome and result that you that you talked about? What are you promising to be able to help them do? Okay, any sort of lead gen any sort of getting, because this will be a one to one lead any sort of lead gen that we do, we used to run lead gen and magazine campaigns, we would say, you know, want to work from home income, done it out at schedule, you know, scheduled call with one of our advisors. But again, there's the expected result of being able to find some kind of an income earning opportunity that people are going to spend, and they, they made an investment of, I believe this was like 10 years ago, like 500 to $1,000 when they would get on the phone with somebody and so we would talk with them and we would connect with them. And automatically the first thing that you got to do when you get on the phone with somebody is build rapport, build connection with them. build that connection, that a you're sharp, you know what you're talking about, you're confident and you want them to feel like a genius. Now, by being on the phone with you today, they just hit the lottery. You want them to feel that way when that comes across. And so what what is that like? Here's, here's, here's how it sounds. Hey, how's it going, Jeremiah? Or let's say your name is Susan. Hey, what's up, Susan, how are you? I'm doing great. My name is Joe. Jeremiah Krakowski and I saw your name come across my desk, you asked about how you can grow your business as a coach to trainers and mentor and I want to see just how can I can help you today, I'd love to chat with you about this and see, what's the best thing that we can do together? What's the best thing that I can do to help you answer your questions? Okay, so that's one way that you can start a one to one call, if it's about answering certain questions. If they're actually signing up for some kind of a, hey, we're going to have a call, we're going to be a discovery call, we're going to advise you and your business, we're going to show you how to do this, you know, Hey, what's up, Susan, listen, I got your name came across my desk. And you and I love saying that your name came across my desk. Because A, it makes it sound less like you are about to sell them and more that you're in a customer service role. Your name came across my desk, that you you are a coach and mentor looking to get more clients in your business. And I want to know how we can help you grow your business and get more clients. Oh, wow, thank you, that's awesome. You know, automatically, they're gonna be skeptical. They're gonna be hesitant. Anybody you get on the phone, anybody you talk to, so you've got to automatically know that they're not going to fully believe in you and what you're offering, even if they sound like it, even if they get on the phone with you. So realize that realize that now it's your job to sell them on working with you. And the worst thing in the world that you can do is come across like a salesperson. You want to come across like your a potential friend, somebody that is worth them getting to know is worth them talking to. And so this is where you make that connection with them. You know, when you say hey, so tell me tell me a little bit about about your business and about what you got going on? What have you been doing? Or? Or, you know, hey, tell me a little bit about your let's say you do dog walking? Tell me a little bit about your dog a little bit loved it love to hear about him? Or let's say that you do you help? Maybe you do like some kind of therapy as far as that goes. You know, I read a little bit about your story a little bit, you know, tell me what's, what's going on? What's stopping you from, from reaching your goals? Or how is how is this getting in the way of you accomplishing what you want to accomplish? You want to get them talking about themselves. And you want to ask about that. And they come out the gate and they respond and they're like they automatically have their dukes up. They're like, Hey, here's the thing. I don't want to be sold anything. I don't remember scheduling that call. Don't call here again. Say oh is so is your name. And what you can do is you can flip it, if they say that say is this so and so. And you had scheduled a call about you reiterate exactly what was on your landing page to them, to remind them maybe what they scheduled the call for. And if they still say no, I didn't schedule that call, say Okay, great, awesome, have a great day and you get off the phone. You don't want to talk with somebody that doesn't want to talk with you. It's not your job to convince anybody that they should talk with you that they should work with you that they should become a client of yours. What you want to do is you want to build trust and connection with people that absolutely want to connect with you. People who are looking to cheer you on to celebrate you, they think that you're amazing. They think it's incredible that you took the time to have a call with them and so understand that understand that the ones who and you'll get a few of them you get on the phone, they'll ghost you they'll disappear. I you know if they don't even answer the phone, I'll remind them Hey, so and so this is Jeremiah kowski you had scheduled a time with me all about how to XYZ listen, I get it maybe you didn't recognize my phone number. I'm gonna give you about five minutes to to pick up the phone this time around. I'm going to call you back in five minutes. And let's talk about about this and how to help you XYZ producers all you still want to loop it back to their result and their desire whatever that thing is that you were selling them on on the initial offer. Okay? So for instance, if they're looking to get more clients in their business

[159:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's because when the call you said that you wanted to get a little you Want to get more clients in your coaching and mentoring business? And so I'm excited. I can't wait to talk with you about this. I'll give you a call back in five minutes. Talk soon. And then you can call them back or if they get on the call with you say, Hey, this is Jeremiah Krakowski. How're you doing today? Again? Instead of leaving with that I always start with what's their name? Hey, Susan. Hey, Sally. Hey, John. I'll assume whatever their gender, you know, the gender is, oh, my God, I don't want to say like, no, come on, get over it. Oh, no, I'm not Susan, I'll get her right now. So when you do that, nine times out of 10 people will if they're not the person, they'll go get the person for you. And if you're dealing with a gatekeeper, that's a that's a good thing to do. They say Hey, Susan, this is Jeremiah use, you just, you remind you, you can say you scheduled a call with me for today at and reiterate the time and date. That's why it's important to have some kind of a tool where they actually schedule a time with you. And so one of my favorite tools for this is called Calendly calendly.com is right here. calendly.com allows you to create little simple calendars that people can use to actually like schedule a time with you. No openings at the moment. No, I don't I don't have any public openings. It's true. Because I don't do calls with people. They don't do sales calls. But if I did, it would look like this

[190:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: to where they get to pick a time, by date, time. And you can embed this on any page on your website. Very simply, it takes minutes to set this up. As far as this goes, click a time. Time a set name. Here's the questions I have you know, what are your current 90 Day goals? What are the most important areas that you need to reach them? What's the number one thing preventing you? This is what I always want to know what do you want to do? What's stopping you from getting there? What have you tried? That's worked, what have you tried that has not worked? And the other content, things to be aware of? There's one major outcome of the session you can wave a magic wand for what would that be? send text messages to they schedule it, they get a confirmation. Okay? Simple Calendly sets all of this up for you. So for instance, you can go in here, create an event or a one off meeting. And so for instance, one on one right here, by the way, this is really cool. Round Robin is cool. If you want to do incoming sales leads, you can share this with multiple people, I did this with a client where we had over here it was over at global celebration.com GCS semiconductor, they still might use it for this purpose. But as far as as far as this goes, they were would have people basically fill out a form type form to enroll in the school, that's 2500 bucks. And then the leads would go to different people. And so they would be multiple names that would get the leads, and they would take them one by one. And answer these these calls. And I did a training for them on, like, what do you actually do with those calls very similar to what the training that I'm doing here is, there's a lot more of a comprehensive training on this because we're even kind of breaking down this process right here. Okay. So in Calendly, like you can go in very simply, this is what created an event. Who's it for next? What's the event name, location, you can do a zoom conference, you can you can actually integrate it with Zoom, they have a zoom integration right here, where you can actually connect your Zoom account to it. So it'll automatically scheduled zoom for you, it'll automatically you can have lots of automatic different types of scheduling and tagging and things like that. Built in with that. Event, location, description, link name, it's just just the name. So let's say sales call. Well, let's just say that discovery call, we'll do that we'll do the zoom

[236:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want help in your business? Okay, next. So then invitees can schedule 60 days out in the calendar within a date range. Wish, indefinitely, I like this to be, especially if it's a sales call, I'd keep this under 10 days so that it's like right away. Not too far in the future. I used to do these way too far out in the future. And I think that was one of the biggest mistakes they ever made, was setting that to where they could do it like two months out, they could schedule a free call with me. And I'm like, let's try to be convenient for people. Really stupid idea, one of the worst things that you can do is try to be convenient for people to be honest, because they'll conveniently ignore you. As far as that goes nine times out of 10. How long are the calls for 15 minutes? existing schedule, it's really cool as you can also link this to your own calendar. For availability right here under availability, I have it linked to multiple calendars that I have. It's linked to connected calendars in Google. So all I got to do in my calendar is I just got a book out when I'm not available in Google Calendar. And it will just only allow people to schedule outside of the times that I have booked events in my Google Calendar. Okay, so like learning how to use Google Calendar is actually a big part of having it to where they can schedule calls with you right here. So I'll have a we'll have a Google calendar right here, of when people can actually book calls and things like that. And then they can book inside of certain times and stuff like that. So we have these multiple calendars right there. Okay. Then we set when is the schedule us working out a working hours schedule. So what I have is nine to five is the time when they can schedule right here. We can pad the event. That was buffer time, I used to do 30 minutes to an hour because it took me that long. I didn't want to have to go back to back calls. And I wanted to have time in between availability started 30 minute increments, they can only they can't schedule within four hours of the start time. Like somebody can't just say hey, I want to talk to you like the next hour the next minute. There had to be a buffer. I used to set this to seven days. So they had to be like a week out. As far as that goes. I think I still have that first seven days for my one on one clients. Automatically, the tech the timezone. And then right here, invitee questions. This is where you add questions right here, you just go in and you add the different questions that she was asked. So like, what are your top top goals in business? You can add in a one line question radio checkbox, things like that. Simple polls, things like that. Confirmation page notification, cancellation, you can set up where they can do email reminders where they can do text reminders, I like to set that up, show a cancellation policy, things like that. You can even collect payment if you link it to stripe, to where people can actually pay you through here for all this, which is awesome. So like all of that is set up. And now immediately there's a there's a there's a call page right here. So a week from now that we got these two times that people can schedule, somebody that so Calendly makes it very easy for you to actually set up an opportunity for people to schedule a time with you as far as this goes. And then you can send people that link. Let's say you have a landing page, when they click on to book a call, it'll go to your Calendly link for them to actually schedule that time with you. And so that's the best way to do that is to be able to to have a calendar link. I've heard it said some people are like, man, it's so disrespectful to people to have a calendar link and send that to people I'm sorry, for my own boundaries. Like if you have a problem with my calendar link, we're not gonna be able to work together. Okay. And don't play that game with people. Either that they try to play where they're like, you know, you'll call me on the time when I'm available. And, or I'll call you and I'm available type of a thing. Don't do that type of crap with people. Don't let people push you around. Don't let people tell you that, like, you know, you're gonna submit to them and obey them and do what feels convenient to them, for them to talk with you. Because they'll try to do that. They're going to try to some people will try to maintain control with you and say, No, I'm not gonna book a call with you give me like, a time range. And I can give you a call to everything and say, Hey, we don't work that way. If you want to book a call, that's great. I had people do that. They would say that to me. They would send me an email and I would say hey, you know, it's probably not a good fit for us to talk and I never heard from them again. Because they wanted the flexibility to call me whenever They have a call, they want to just one of my direct line and no, like, I'm not going to do that I run a business here. And we got to schedule things and act like a professional. Okay. And so using a tool like Calendly is a great was a great way to do that. So it's important, it is good to have like those certain barriers of entry and things like that initially, when they sign up once you get them on the call. And that's why having a questionnaire in the Calendly link is helpful. Because you can even refer back to hey, you know, it says here that you're, you're struggling with XYZ goal, you want to do this, tell me a little bit more about that and start to unpack what that thing is that they started to say that they that they started to ask you about. And so that's, that's the initial stage of building that rapport with the client, okay? You're already qualified them or the fact that they scheduled a call with you, they already know what result they're expecting, they've already told you what results are expecting. You need to gather that information before you even get on the call with people. That's one of the biggest mistakes, I see people make more sales calls, and that they're trying to use the sales call to inform people about what they sell. Like it's some kind of cold calling type of a thing. You still need to have an offer, you still need to have a landing page, you still need to go through the process of marketing, lead generation that we teach the six steps where you have an offer your presentation, you even I would recommend having a webinar and all of that, that pre qualifies them on what you can do, how you can help them so then by the time you actually get on a call with them, they are super qualified and actually ready to buy from you. And they're not just looky loos that are they're a waste your time you're actually talking to people that are ready to talk with you. You know, I meet so many people who are apprehensive about pre qualifying their leads before they get on the phone. And I'm like you know that's that's a great way to waste your time. It's a great way to to just want to pull your hair out. If you leave if you have the calls be open ended. I tried that I tried these approaches. Me personally, I tried all of the ways to do this wrong. You know, no specificity, leaving it open ended leave like leave giving making it convenient for people things like that. And I'll tell you every time I did that never turned into a sale was sad sometimes it was people they would gaslight me out of trying to tell me that I didn't have value. I had a multiple times I got on the phone with people. And they would walk all over me and try to gaslight me out of believing in myself. For some reason. They got their kicks and giggles out of trying to bully me. It happened. It happened often. And so that's why I put these in place, right? qualify them before I even get on the phone and things like that. Okay. So you want to make sure that you have a qualified prospect before they get on the phone with you that they're the good, good fit for what you're doing. You know, I'd have people they like, I would have a thing where it's like, Hey, I coach you and I help you do this. And they're like, Well, I just want you to run my Facebook ad. That's all I wanted you to do. And I say, okay, great. Well, you know what, I don't do that. So let's not waste our time. And let's end the call here. Have a good one. And I will end the call there. Okay, because I wouldn't try to convince them to want something that they already expressed that they didn't want, but they were trying to find some backdoor way to see if they could skip the line and get access to some kind of thing that I don't actually do for people. Okay. So realize, the biggest part is you want to make sure that you're talking to a qualified prospect, then you remind them of what they signed up for what they wanted, what result they wanted. jogs their memory and then you go into curiosity, listening and getting them to talk about themselves. Okay? And that's the stage where you, you basically have them

[393:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: as you want to get them talking about themselves. You know, I talk about this all the time when it comes to webinars, I talked about getting people to give you that feedback, getting them on a VIP to ask you questions when somebody starts asking you questions about where they're at what they're struggling with what they're dealing with nine times out of 10 you can close them because they want help They want somebody to take their, their hand and take them to the next level. They just need that push over the edge with you. They just need you to guide them to the next stage. But they need to also trust that you have their best interest in mind. And so what do people do? How do they know that you have their best interests in mind, especially if you just bet that it's really nine times out of 10, all about the vibe they get with you the feeling they get. And so that first initial four seconds, being confident, being excited, being focused, being thankful that you get to talk with them, you want to come across and your energy, like you're so excited to spend this opportunity to chat with them. And you're so interested in helping them with what they said they want help with. And so that initial connection, you gotta have happiness, energy, you got to have excited energy. You got to sound like somebody that they will be interested in talking to somebody who they would absolutely want to chat with. How do you do that? It's in the tonality of your, the tonality of your voice. You I see, I see often people and this is one thing that you can do is especially if you maybe record some of the initial calls, and things like that, and you have somebody that can help you. If you can find some people in the in the Grow Your group, or the cloud or the accelerator group that can help you be able to listen to certain calls and things like that. I noticed nine times out of 10 people get on a sales call and they sound like this. Hey, this is this is Sally, I you know, how are you I want to talk with you. They sound they sound subdued. They sound nervous, they sound quiet, timid, scared, worried, unsure of you know, and really like if you're all caught up in your head, worried what this person is going to think about you. I like focused on I need to close the sale I need to make this person buy from me, your energy is going to come across you're going to sell it the most like a person that they just should get off the phone as quick as possible with this is what that sounds like when you're desperate. You reek of desperation on the on the phone. Hey, this is Sally. Hey, just wanted to connect. Hope you're doing good. Yeah. Hey, totally know you're doing great. How can I help you so much. Get your results go in, like oh my gosh, that's just reeks of desperation, that type of Lang like the energy right there. So you got to come across as genuine. You got to come across as no agenda, it's so important to even mentally get yourself out of any agenda that you have. Okay, prioritize the connection and relationship over the financial result. At that moment in time, listen, I get it, you might need to pay your bills. You might need to make money. I want you to psych yourself into this thinking that. And this is why. Just imagine you're already a multimillionaire, you already got all your money in the world. You're not looking to make a sale with this person. Even if you are even if you are looking to make a sale with them. You want to imagine I don't need to make a sale. I just want to connect with them. I just want to get to know them. This is going to be fun. And listen, if you're nervous to do this, it's okay to feel nervous. It's okay the first couple of times it feel nervous. You're not going to do it perfect the first couple of times. But the more people you get on the calls with the more people you talk to one on one, the better you will actually start to feel about it and the more natural it is. Here's what I what we've always told people imagine you're talking to a friend. Just imagine that you're about to call your mother or your sister brother. Hey, what's up? How are you? Yes. I'm doing good. Oh, this is awesome. Hey, I'm excited to talk with you today. You filled out Add the forum. over on my website said you wanted some help getting more clients, I cannot wait to help you do that, hey, tell me a little bit about what you got going on What have you tried before. And you and you and you and you, you make that curiosity, you get rid of the ulterior motives out of your mind. And you make just that curiosity of getting to know the person be the number one thing you care about, when you do that. And you have that energy, of connection of service, have no ulterior motive. See, we know when we go to a car dealership, and the guy just wants to get our money versus the guy just wants to help us make a good informed decision. I love those car people where they're just they're willing to take the time out of their day to to help you make a good, informed decision. And by the way, those are the ones who sell the most. Not the guy who's desperate to hit his quota us. I listen, I'm not gonna put food on my table, if you don't buy it from me. And honestly, I think you're wasting my time if you don't buy it from me, and you're just, you know, like, no, it's they don't care about that. Even if that might be true. Okay, and so that initial getting on the phone with them. That first four seconds is where all of that is expressed and most of its nonverbal. Most of it is not in the words you actually say. It's in how your excitement and energy is projected. One of the best ways to project your energy smile on the phone. Did you know that you can hear a smile? You can hear a smile on the phone? You can you can hear a frown on the phone to you can you literally your tone of voice changes when you smile when you get excited? Hey, everybody, what's up? I am so excited. I'm so thankful that you're here with me. Like I do that on my webinars. Start to practice that, well, it's not my personality to be that excited. Listen, I promise you with your best friend, you do it. I promise you for the right situation. You can do it. You already do it in your own life. I don't have any friends, well then get some friends start to learn to exercise this muscle, okay? This this is like foundational for any kind of sales call and webinar even is that initial four to 10 seconds that they connect with you. They're going to make a preconceived judgment of who you are, what your intentions are, if they should listen to you, if it's worth their time to talk with you. And nine times out of 10 their preconceived judgment has everything to do with how you sounded. In that first 10 seconds, where are you? And it's like, it's like these micro expressions that we make. Especially if it's on a zoom call or body language, you would do better to just do a phone call for your initial calls with people. Because once you add video to it, you got to show up at the top of your game. You got to your body language has to be on point to

[539:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know I love doing zoom sales calls because I know how to make my body language on point. I'd be like, Hey, what are you, I'm so stoked to see you thank you for being here. This is so great, as awesome. Or maybe that's a little too much. And the other thing too is you want to mirror the energy of the other person. First start with the excitement. And then you want to go into mirroring their energy. And we're gonna talk more about that in the next lesson is that's where then we transition from the initial Hey, I'm sharp. I'm sharp as a tack. I know what I'm talking about. I'm confident I'm the authority. I'm a trusted person that you should listen to on this. You start there, you're excited, you're thankful. And then you go into mirroring their energy. Hey, like so they're kind of quiet. You you start to bring it down. Hey, no, yeah, I'm so excited to be here. I'm like, let's talk about this. And you start to go into that. And so we're gonna talk about how do we do that? What do we say we're gonna start to script it out a little bit more with you. In the next lesson. Let's script out when you're one on one calls with you. I just wanted to get that down. That initial goal getting on the phone with them. How you come across in your energy changes, everything changes if they're going to listen to the rest of what you have to say. It has more to do with your results than you realize. And so start to practice that. Find somebody you can practice on maybe a friend, maybe somebody in the group that you can practice on that initial interaction and have them like judge or rancor and be very honest with you about how they feel like you came across on that initial connection. do some role playing, I think in one on one sales, it's very helpful to do some role playing with some people. I think role playing is very helpful. And so in our next lesson, we're going to go into a little bit more than nitty gritty on what do you say, how do you say it? We'll talk soon everyone

