July 8: Growing Your 6 Figure Coaching Business with Live Zoom Events
Date: 2023-07-08T17:33:03.000Z
Duration: 89 min
Otter ID: 7WZwSli83EzjcedZ8qzIRDIy2Kw
---

[158:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey what is up everybody? Welcome welcome welcome today how are you? Listen, I am so glad that you're here. I'm so glad that you're here with me here on Zoom live today, on July 8, listen, you could be anywhere else. But you're here. And that's what I'm thankful for, is I'm glad that we're getting to spend this time together. Now I'm just gonna level with you here, y'all signed up for this training, all about how to grow your coaching business with Zoom events. Well guess what this is, this is a zoom event. We're on zoom right now talking and communicating. And you signed up through a Facebook ad or an email that I sent to you to learn how we're using Zoom events to to grow our coaching business. And so that's what I'm going to show you here today. That's what we're going to walk through. But this right here, that you're on, right now, we got the chat over here, we got the video, I'm here on camera. This is how we grow our coaching business. And this is how I would recommend you grow your coaching business as well is host video trainings on Zoom, where you invite a group of people, there's there's close to about 100 people who registered for this event. And most of the Zoom events, I do usually have about 50 to 100 people that we've invited, maybe 20 to 30 show up. That's that's that's it. It's not like these massive 1000 person things. But what they are their workshops that I do, to where I'm able to connect with people that I provide value to and be able to, to demonstrate what it is that working with me is like now obviously, not every single one of you who's here is going to suddenly become a coaching client of mine, like that's silly. And, in fact, I promised you that I wouldn't pitch you here today, I'm going to keep that promise. And you're gonna get a ton of value from being here with me, okay. But this medium of video training where people you sign up, I'm just going to walk you back through it, you sign up on a page on my website, for a specific purpose that I am going to walk you through and show you. I promised you a process that I'm going to break down for you that we're using that our clients are using, and it utilizes zoom. And so you gave me your name and email address for this. And then I sent you a link to join me on Zoom and a specific time at a specific place at 12pm. Eastern time. 11am Central time, I always mix those two up. And that's how we got here. And that's how we're here. And so if you got like anything out of today, this is just the first two minutes right here, you could actually leave simply with what I just told you. And you would be further ahead than 95% of most most coaches, mentors, trainers, people that are hosting masterminds membership programs, and they want to build a business online if you simply just started inviting people to join you for live events. Now, here's what we're gonna break down today though, is I've had some people that go through a training like this, and they only hear part of what I'm saying. And so don't just take what I said. And that's the whole story, as I want to make sure that you do it the right way. See there's a formula for it. There's a process that actually works. And it's it's very simple. It's not sleazy, it's not salesy. It's really about you being able to authentically connect with people that might be a good fit for your coaching program. And how do you know that they're a good fit for your coaching program? Very simply, you qualify people by what you actually are going to teach or share in the Zoom event. Now, before we go into that, I know I haven't met all of you because we run paid advertising to a artificial intelligence audience where the AI on Facebook and Instagram and now we have threads that just launched is able to find us people that are likely to be a good fit for our coaching programs. And so I tell the algorithm, okay, go go show these zoom events that we're hosting to those people and invite them to register. And so that's where you saw a video ad and maybe you've signed up through that, or you came through another training that we did, and you are on my email list. That's how 99.9% of all of our, our clients in our coaching program come to us. And so how did I get my start in this industry? Well, I've been in the coaching, mentoring mastermind industry working with thought leaders and authors and speakers. And people that are running businesses that are making 10s of millions of dollars. We're not talking like small business like small, tiny amounts of money. They're there Like massively successful mentors and trainers that I've worked with some, you know, obviously my mom Sandy Krakowskie, Rick Pino, Joshua, Andy Giles, Danny Johnson, Georgia and ban off Wesley and Stacy Campbell, these are, these are some of the bigger names that we've worked with that we've helped establish their identity online. And I got my start two decades ago, working as an employee for a company called Danny johnson.com. So I got a job working for this company. But it was a little bit different than just a normal job, as I had a lot of ideas that could help them actually get clients. And I was very courageous and bold at telling them those ideas, I did not hold anything back. And I helped contribute to their business growth of their personal development training company. And I helped put together a lot of their their coaching programs and their trainings. And they back then two decades ago, when we say two decades, that's, that's 2003 2004 2005 that that, that chunk of time right there. Okay, so when I worked with them, I actually helped put together a lot of these CD and DVD products and, and even book products that they sold and their business made 10s of millions of dollars. And then I went and, and worked with my mom. So, Sandy Krakowski. many of y'all know who my mom is. And we built this company to over $20 million a year. And we've done nine figures through this business, helping business owners attract the right clients, make more money, live the life of your dreams. By the way, if you don't follow my mom, again, she's great to follow what we teach. How do I say this? It complements each other. Okay. My mom retired from consulting business owners and doing what I'm doing. And her and I we worked together to build this business. We would coach together we would do the masterminds together, we taught together and we helped 1000s of people create multimillion dollar businesses. One one person, maybe you've heard of Jennifer allwood. She actually came out of working with my mom and I as well. Mari Smith came out of with my mom, Kim Garst different people. And my mom was trained and mentored by Dan Kennedy, and Bill Glazer, in the online direct response marketing space. Now how did I learn to do what I'm doing? I learned over two decades of being immersed in the mentorship, training coaching industry. And we I only have ever worked with people that produce massive results. I've only ever worked with people that change people's lives. And truthfully, it's really unfortunate, but there's a lot of crappy coaches out there. There's a lot of people that are selling coaching programs that are defrauding people that have no value, they don't help anybody. And they just steal people's money. And I'm sorry that maybe that's been your experience with other coaches. I'm not again, it's kind of a crappy move of mine if I tried to make myself look better by putting other people down. But the truth is, there's a lot of really crappy coaches out there there are. And my mom and I, we always always set out. And actually Danny Johnson was the same way, we always set out to make sure to create results for our clients. And that was our biggest motto, if we can't create change and results in your life, then we are not doing our job very well. Okay. And that's my motto today is that if you go through a free training like this with me, and it doesn't impact you to change your life. And what do I mean by changing your life? Are you making $20,000 a month right now? Are you making $30,000 a month right now? Are you making $40,000 a month right now? That I know the answer is is no. Are you making $10,000 a month right now maybe some of you are.

[306:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's life changing to get your income to that level? And why do I talk about money when we're talking about a coaching or mentoring business? Because that's why people come to me is I help strategize on how to get as many paid clients as possible for the thing that they do. I don't spend a whole lot of my time and energy telling you how to coach people or what to coach on, or how to be a world class coach. There's people that have life coach schools, and academies, and they will train you on how to coach what my superpower is helping you attract the right clients, and getting the right people who are qualified to work with you in front of you. And then getting them to buy whatever it is that you're going to sell. And you might be saying, well how can you possibly do that? If you're not going to do a sales pitch? I am not During a sales pitch on this training, I don't need to, we have other avenues that we use to sell our coaching to people. But you will have to learn how to sell. And you will have to learn how to communicate on video and do a presentation. If that's something that you don't want to do, and you want to know, how can I grow a coaching business without doing sales presentations, you can you can leave this training right now because there's I don't show any other method. But getting people to sign up on your email list and do sales presentations. And that's why our clients make the kind of money that they make. That's why the people that you saw on the landing page when you sign up, like Rick Pino, we had helped him with his coaching business scale to. It's not just seven figures, but but eight figures, multiple seven and eight figures in his business, worship coach.com. We worked with him with worship coach.com for a few years. And he was able to build this business with our help and guidance to over a million dollars a month, helping people that want to write Christian worship songs. And now he was able to gather the best minds in the worship movement together to do this. And so that was a big testament to that. But he used the exact strategies that we're using here today. Joshua Giles, we help Joshua. He coached with us one on one and, and we helped him get to 15,000 a month, 30,000 a month, 60,000 a month. And his best month he did $150,000 In one month working with us following this exact process here. Don Palacios we helped her grow to $35,000 a month in sales. And she's on pace to seven figures in her coaching business. Dr. Shawn deep, you ran a very simple zoom training, spent $1,200 and made 12,000 In sales, just doing a test run. And now he's on pace to do $30,000 The next time and you can read the different testimonies and stories. These are just people in the last year that have been working with us these are these are these are just people that that have come to us. And that have said, Jeremiah, can you show me how to attract more clients in my coaching business? And the first thing that I tell people is this is you got to get your mindset, right. Oh, no, don't grown on me here. This is where a lot of coaches groan, or they think they know everything about mindset. So I'm going to challenge you right now. And I'm going to call you out. And I'm going to say don't be so prideful to think that you have it all figured out. Because if I don't have it all figured out. And I've been doing this for two decades, you certainly don't either. And if that's offensive to you, you're probably not gonna like the rest of my training. I am very direct. I don't sugarcoat things. And I tell you the truth of how you need to hear it. Because I don't have time for you to waste. And you do not make the kind of money that I know is possible for you. And it starts with you working on what's between your two ears. You know, I had been in this industry for for for two decades. But you want to know what's funny, is I didn't work on it's not really funny. It's kind of sad, really. I didn't work on my own mindset. Until two years ago. I thought I could do it was a strategy. I had the perfect strategies. By the way, I had helped people build huge businesses with the perfect strategy, eight figures, multiple eight figures. Nine figures with my mom's business. But my mindset wasn't right. i It was like, everything else was firing on all cylinders, and my mindset was in the toilet. I didn't believe in myself. I didn't think that I was good enough for people to buy from and you want to know how much money our coaching business made? Well, back in 2008 or 2018, not 2008. My mom and I parted ways we were working together and our business and I had just gotten married. And we had decided that the best thing for me to do is to start my own coaching business. We had worked together built that company to where it was and my mom continues to this day. She's retired but she helps people with stock market investment coaching. She's a She's a beast at trading stocks. If you want to know how to trade stocks, I recommend at least jumping in for one month into her coaching program. It's incredible. And I still help her to this day with her marketing by the way, you want to know how my mom grows her coaching business with Zoom events. Right here here's an example of a zoom event that we did, where people could register and they could learn how to master stock market trading. And then on here she taught for about an hour on video and you can watch the replay of it now she put the replay up. So instead of it being live she was able to take the live recording and then deliver the replay to people and here's the replay. She did this on Zoom. You can see it was it was right here. Here's a little recording right here. Sandy Krakowskie on Zoom. This is her showing up. And she made $360,000 off of this little video training right here. Okay. And so my timezone has changed, the fastest way for you to grow a coaching business is by doing a live virtual zoom events. Now some of you are saying, Jeremiah, I'm overwhelmed by zoom, I don't even know how to host a zoom event. Let's just start there. Okay, here's how you start with doing an event on Zoom, as you go get an account over@zoom.us. So zoom.us is the website where you sign up for an account. And by the way, their pricing is really competitive. It's not super highly priced. Let's look at monthly. For the pro version, you're looking at $15 a month, the business version is 20 bucks a month right here. Okay. And if you do zoom events and webinars like we're doing, you can go zoom sessions, Zoom webinars, it's about 80 bucks a month, what's the difference between a meeting and a webinar? Well, a meeting everybody's on screen. A Webinar is just the presenter is on screen like I am right here, okay. And so but Zoom is the tool to be able to do this. And so what happens is you go into your Zoom account, and you press schedule. And what you're able to do is you're able to create a topic for it, you know, my Zoom meeting, let's say that we're going to host it on Tuesday, July 18, at 3pm. Central Time, and we're gonna save it. Okay, yep, that's fine, no attendees. And now instantly, what they do is they give us an invitation. And this is a zoom link that we're able to copy right here. And so then what we do is we set up an offer, where people are able to sign up and register for our zoom event. So they're able to register for it on on your your website on a landing page. And they give their name and email address. And then as soon as they give their name and email address, it will go to a system we use Squarespace and MailChimp. And that will go into MailChimp. And it will send an automated email to the person who signs up with the Zoom link that you copied. Okay, so that's how people are able to register for free for a zoom event is you schedule it for a certain date and time, and you copy the link, and then you have people sign up. And then the response email in MailChimp, MailChimp allows you to create what's called auto responder emails to her automatically sends that to you. And listen, I get it. There's some of you who are on here, you're like, really, like, you gotta go over that. Like, if somebody doesn't have that figured out, you know, they're hopeless, whatever. There's people on here who are at different levels. And so let's honor that, let's, let's realize that listen, not everybody's at the same level in their coaching business. And that is perfectly okay. All right. And so if you're stuck and struggling on the tech aspects of this,

[451:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's my recommendation for you keep it simple. I'm not going to take a lot of time in this training to go over the tech aspects. Because what I really want to talk about is how do you actually deliver a world class talk on Zoom. And that really, I think, is the most valuable thing that I can bring to you. I think you can learn the tech aspects. overnight. I think you could learn it by going on YouTube. We have some trainings as well in our in our coaching group where you can do that as well. And it's it's not super complex. Sadly, I see a lot of people you know, they they sit, and they wait. And I asked him hey, do you got your offer up? Do you got your landing page up? Do you got your MailChimp set up? No, I'm just getting the foundation set up. I'm just getting stuff set up. Ultimately, I think they're embarrassed actually admit they haven't done anything. And this stuff is very easy for you to learn how to put together a landing page, how to have the forum where people sign up, how to schedule the Zoom call, and then how to host it and what do you do when you host it? Well, you do exactly what we're doing right here. You show up. And you talk to people. And that's probably going to be the most complex part of it is what do you actually say, on the Zoom call to actually get people to become a client of yours? See, there's a there's a number of different zoom calls that you could host a number a number of different ways that you can do this. And this is where sadly I'll see people, they'll go through like 30 minutes of a training like this, you know, we're about we're almost 30 minutes into this. And there'll be like, you know, okay, I learned everything and then they go out and do it. And I'm telling you, they they show me I mean this nicely. They come to me and they say hey, what do you think about my Zoom event and I internally I'm like, That's Not gonna work. That's not gonna work. I just, I don't have a nicer filter to put on that as far as how to say it. But a lot of the ways that people are doing zoom events, and that when they, when they learn about doing and hosting zoom events is there. They're not doing it in a way that's actually going to work. And so there's a process for connecting with people. That's important. That's important to keep in mind. Obviously, you don't want to be pushy and salesy, you want to be as authentic as possible. My goal here right now with you is like, I'm not the most polished speaker, I don't even have the world's best, you know, studio set. This is this is stuff we got from IKEA, that's in my house, and we painted the wall, dark blue, and we got some shelves and some little little tchotchkes that I liked, because I'm into video games. That's my workspace. And that's where I host all of our different trainings that we do. But my goal is this, this is my goal with you. To connect with you, I want to connect with you. I want to make a connection to where you understand what it's like to work with me. And listen, I know that I'm not going to connect with everybody. That's just, that's just not all personalities get along, like some of you are probably annoyed by me at this point already. That's okay. Some of you though, you're resonating with it. And you're connecting. And that's the purpose behind doing events on Zoom is to make that connection at scale with multiple people so that you can tell them about the different things that you offer, and the different, the different coaching programs that you have, okay? Now, here's the thing I want to tell you, if you're afraid to tell people about what you offer and about what you sell, and you're expecting people Oh, they're on a nice call, they're just going to come back and they're gonna buy from me, that's, that's a fantasy that doesn't exist in reality. There's no business that's actually going to be successful by by doing that, until they're already making millions of dollars in their business. And so I want you to realize that the number one area that you need to grow in is your ability to sell, and your ability to communicate with people in a way that leads them to purchase from you, that leads people to pull out their credit card, and make a purchase from you. And that might be the most uncomfortable thing that you've heard me say all day right now, maybe the most uncomfortable thing that I said was you had to show up on video and do a zoom call, you're gonna have to be able to also, be confident, be happy, be excited. Even if people say mean things and rude things. And by the way, whenever I host events like this, I'll get nasty messages from some people. I'll get rude comments from people, you're not going to please, everybody. No matter how perfect, you do everything. And this is why one of the most important rules of successfully growing your coaching business with Zoom events is you have to kill the idea of perfection and perfectionism, and that you're going to do everything perfect. And that by doing it all perfectly, that things are going to produce a result for you, I'll tell you this, the more perfect you try to do your zoom call, the less effective it's going to be. We've actually quantified this many times with our clients that the more perfect that they try to do it even myself, the more perfect I tried to sound, the more polished I tried to sound, the more I tried to make sure that I say all the right things and do all the right things. And, and don't miss a beat and actually lose connecting with people because because now I'm making it all about me. I'm making it all about what do other people think about me? Do they like me? Are they accepting me? And that energy comes across and it's very repulsive to the right people that you're meant to work with. Okay. And so one of the first thing that you need to do to be able to be successful at hosting a live zoom event to be able to track the right customer is you need to work on what's between your two ears and your ability to control your emotions, to not be swayed by other people's opinions. And when naysayers troublemakers and trolls and nit pickers, some y'all are nitpickers, But I see it on my social media. I had somebody nitpick in a post I made the other day. nitpicking it apart. Well, you said this critical people that always are looking to point out where you did wrong. Some of you are here today simply to point out how wrong I am what I'm saying. And listen, I welcome you, thanks for being here. But I promise you, you're not going to get much value from me at all. Why? Because your brain is when you're a nitpicker. When somebody is a nitpicker, when somebody is hypercritical of other people and what they're doing wrong, they're blinded to any opportunity and possibility for their own growth, because they're trying to make sure that somebody else does the right thing. And often, this comes from a place of insecurity. And it comes from a place of worry. And this is one of the best places that we need to deal with this in our own lives, is how much we criticize ourselves, and how much we nitpick ourselves. And we have to give ourselves self compassion and self love. And realize that, hey, listen, we don't have to be perfect. I want to show up in rooms where I'm celebrated. And I don't need to address anybody who has a problem with me. It's not rude. It's not disrespectful, to ignore rude and disrespectful people. That's my motto. If somebody is rude and disrespectful to me, I'm just gonna smile and say, Hey, I hope you have a great week. I hope you're doing great, because I don't need to prove myself to anybody. And that's the position that's the energy that you need to come to the table with. When you host a live zoom event. Why is that? Because that's going to attract the right people to you. They're going to sense that confidence. People sense the energy that you show up with, even over video, if I'm timid, if I'm scared, if I'm nervous. If I'm worried that I don't sound good enough, but I'm not saying the right thing, or how are people judging me? Or what do they think about me? Or are they connecting with this message, those thoughts that spin around in our head. And trust me, I've been there, where I was sweating bullets, you know, I have a podcast that I would invite all of you to take a look at.

[599:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's called the Grow Your Life podcast. We have over 223 episodes of the podcast, and you can find it on Apple Music and Spotify. When I started this podcast, I was sweating bullets to even open my mouth and share with people, these different topics, these different ideas. And by the way, if you are a mentor, a thought leader, a coach, the content of this podcast comes straight from our high level coaching program of strategies that we talk about in that program. And I bring kind of the CliffsNotes version, the Reader's Digest version to you in this podcast was one simple strategy that you can use every single week to grow your coaching, mentoring, or mastermind business, how to lower your ads cost, how to use chat CBT for your emotional health, creating killer content, launching even when you have self doubt, fearlessly selling without cringe hyper manipulation, deciding how to start your coaching business, it goes on it goes on, if you go back, if you go back in time, you're gonna be able to see all of these episodes that are relevant for every single one of you, that's here, if you're here right now, don't sleep on this podcast, it'd be one of the best decisions that you make to be able to plug into that. And while I said, you know, this is a no pitch training, I do want to encourage you to make sure to plug into the podcast because it is I pour my heart and soul into this every single week. Because I want to see you succeed. And I want to see you make more money than you thought was possible. And I want to see you change your life and change your family's life. But it starts with and here's what you need to do. It starts with you being able to see yourself doing the same thing. Do you see yourself as a leader? Do you see yourself as somebody that people come to to lead them to help them reach their goals? Do you believe in the greatness that's inside of you? That even though you're not perfect, even though none of us have it all together, that you have something that people would be blessed. If they understood it, if they knew what you knew, and what you've gone through, and they applied it to their life and they connected with you and they got into your atmosphere in your space would their life be made better? Every single one of you needs to say yes and I know and I know In a room like this, not every single person has that level of confidence. That's okay. I want to get you there. I want to get you to that place, it might not happen today, it might not happen overnight. But that's what we work with coaches and mentors on in our coaching program in the client growth accelerator program. This is my group coaching program that we do. We have over 200 coaches in here live with us every single week, where I'm meeting personally working with them. There's courses on all of the topics that you need related to your landing pages and your offers. And what do you say? How do you say it? How do you show up? How do you create six figures in a coaching business, that's what we give you in this coaching program right here. Now, you can't enroll in the program. That's why I can't even pitch you on it. But what you can do is at least get on the waiting list, that when we open the doors to this program, it's it is I believe, the best coaching program on the internet today. And our clients say the same thing. The people that are in this program say the same thing. In fact, we have a screenshot of one of them, actually, she actually said that almost exactly. She said right here, I spent 30,000 on coaching. And after my first course, in the program, I'm thinking that's CGA, the client growth accelerator is one of the best. And that's what that's what everybody who says who comes into this program, they're blown away by the value of it, that they're blown away by what they get for the investment. Oh, and by the way, it's only when we open the doors, it's only 166 bucks a month. It's not a lot, that's actually quite affordable for most people. So and we have a 30 day risk free trial as well, you got to pay the 166 bucks, but you get to try it risk free for 30 days. If you don't like it after those 30 days, I give you your money back. And so I would strongly encourage you to get on the waiting list for our client growth accelerator. And to join us when we do open the doors to this, because of what we provide me coming alongside you working with you, helping you through all of the different aspects of your business, so that you can be successful and make the kind of money that you want to make. And that's my commitment to you here today. Now what we teach people in our program is all about putting together live zoom events. Another name for them in the industry people call them by is webinars or challenges, okay, and so these can be let me pull this marker off, these can be one day long. You know, that's what this is right here. It's one and a half hours. We're here on Zoom today for one and a half hours. And then after this session, we're gonna hop over to the VIP. And I'm going to answer questions live in the VIP room. Okay, so that's a one day zoom event, we also do a five day event, sometimes we'll even do a three day or a two day. Oh, the idea behind this is whatever it is, whether it's a single session, or it's a multi session, multi day workshop, you know, sometimes you'll do like a five day for one hour. And we'll touch on those different topics. We actually have one coming up next week that we're hosting. I'll tell you about that in just a second. Next week, we're actually hosting one called Building launch your six figure group coaching offer. It's a five day intensive, where we're going to work together with you to actually create, build and launch. It's a sprint, where we work together with you on your marketing to actually create your entire offer that attracts those clients to you. Okay, and so that's next week, I'd recommend you jump into that. These different strategies right here. And why would you do a five day versus a three day or a one day here's, here's the difference. The more time that you spend with people, the more trust you're able to build. And trust is the currency of sales and marketing. The only reason why people will buy from you purchase your coaching become a client is because they trust that you will deliver on the promises that you say that you're going to deliver. And this is where most people get it wrong right here is they're not bold enough in what they're promising. They're too passive. They're too timid. They're too cautious. One of the words that I hear people say is, you know, under promise over deliver. That's the worst thing that you can do. That's the worst thing that you can do. Why is that? Because in the coaching industry, most people aren't even delivering on what they promise. And so if you just deliver on what you promise, and you don't even have to deliver on it in one session, by the way, and I'm gonna explain that here in a little bit. But if you at least get people started on that journey with you, and you're able to connect with people, and you're able to make that connection with people that are a good fit for your coaching, business and your coaching training, they will continue with you and a percentage of them will convert to become a paid coaching client. Now, a lot of people are like, Well, what about you know, I just want to run organic content and do this and have people become clients, I understand in theory that you want to do that I'm telling you this, it's 1,000% harder to do than this method right here. Because you will spend years putting organic content out there and barely scratched the surface, on people actually becoming a client of yours. Yeah, but I see So and So Guru out there that does that. Awesome. Great. By the way, they also got their start by doing events, like we're talking about here. And so the very best strategy for you to grow a coaching business is to get people to register for some kind of a training, where you deliver a promised outcome or result. And this is where most people get it wrong, is they might say, Well, I have some information that I want to share with people, I have some good information, I just want to do it to host a Zoom meeting, I just want to have people in front of me. And you know, whoever comes comes, we're just gonna have a great time to do that. The problem with that is, is that doesn't convert to sales, because you're not leading people to actually make a buying decision. Because you're not baiting the hook with the outcome that they want, and asking them to purchase something. You know, I had a lady she hosted these live art events, and they drew and they did art together. I'm like, What are you selling that that, oh, we're just hanging out.

[758:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: But Jeremiah, I'm following your system, we hosted a live event, I'm like, no, like, you need to specifically learn to communicate and the outcome that you're going to help people get to. Now here's the thing. A lot of the mentors, coaches, trainers, thought leaders, people that I work with, they really struggled to get specific with their outcome, because they help a wide range of people. Because what they do helps a lot of people when I say is this, identify a pattern in people that is that are most likely to buy from you, and create offers around what that pattern of people wants, you know, there's a pattern that we've actually identified with our business is that it's very unlikely if somebody's over the age of 65, that they ever become a client of mine. Now, you might be an anomaly, you might be outside of that. But because of that, we don't really gear our training towards the over 65. Audience. We gear it towards the people that are that make a connection with us. You know, there's people that run agencies, they have a network marketing business, they, they do services for people, maybe they have a church, we're not marketing for them. This is specifically for people that want to host masterminds, do group coaching, have a membership program, and make 2030 $40,000 a month doing so maybe you don't want to make a lot of money, you just want to help people. Maybe you're saying you know, I don't just want to help, I don't just want to sell to people that have money. There's this whole group of people here that I want to impact and help. That's great. But our system is all about making the maximum amount of profit and cash in your business. And so if profitability isn't your goal, you might get a little bit of value out of what I'm teaching. But to be honest, you're probably not going to connect with much of anything that I'm talking about. From here on out, okay. Here's your goal. When you host a zoom event, you got to get rid of worrying what people think about you. You can not be caught in your head, worried about people liking you, accepting you, connecting with you. Otherwise, you're just gonna bomb. You know, whenever I start worrying about what you guys think about me. I get caught up I start stuttering I start second guessing myself, and I'm not showing up as the leader that I am. That can help you become a multimillionaire. And so you deserve better than that. And your clients deserve better than you worrying about what they think. When you can show up with confidence and say, Okay, here's a problem that people have I have. And I want to help solve that for them during this training here. And I'm going to lead them to be able to solve that problem. And then I'm going to invite them to join my coaching program with me again, that's the topic of what we're going to be going over during this five day intensive starting next week. How do you build and launch that that irresistible six figure group coaching offer? How do you put the pieces together to make sure that you're bringing high value to your clients, that you're attracting people that are willing to make an investment, and that you're delivering mind blowing results to your clients as well, without stress and without a bunch of crazy technology to be able to make six figures. And so that's what we're going to be going over during this five day intensive together. And if you're not registered for it, please do these five days are going to be life changing, transformative. You won't want to miss this. So what we do is we build an offer. And then we invite people to join us on Zoom to listen about the offer. And there's a cadence to that and a process of what you actually say. Okay. The first stage that we start with is we actually utilize artificial intelligence to help us do this. Chat. GBT is one of the best resources for this. So we'll utilize chat GPT to put our offers together to put together what is it that we're going to be selling to people? How are we going to be helping them? What results are we going to deliver and so chat GPT helps us map out what we're going to talk about. And then there's a few prompts that I like to use right here, take this info and generate the content based on the above info. So this is info that people filled out about what they wanted to learn here at this event. And I have chat GPT tell me about what are the main topics that people want to learn? Where are they stuck? And how can I help deliver results for people. And so what it is, is, before I even show up, I'm doing market research about the people that are actually showing up with me, my goal is to find a group of people that I can best help, and to learn as much as I can about them. And so the AI helps us do this. But it starts by making sure that your offer is actually put together. So what is your offer? Again, that's what we're going to be going over during this an offer is quite simply like, I know, this might be like Inception, like inside of a dream within a dream. It's a zoom event inside of a zoom event, but I'm gonna just I'm just gonna just go with me on this. Okay. This is an offer right here, you are on one of my offers right now, by you being here right now you are on one of my Zoom event offers. And there's a formula and a cadence of how do you communicate? How do you talk? How do you connect, I'm gonna show you show it to you in just a second on the whiteboard. But we started by writing this offer copy on this landing page here and we use AI chat GPT helped us write all of this text right here. So then what we do is we take this text, we have chat a GPT, reverse engineer it. And tell us about the customer about what they want. And then you can ask it map out a one and a half hour training talk. Based on the above info, and chat, GBT will literally map out for you, what you talk about about the topic, it will actually give you an outline for what to talk about. Introduction, and we'll talk a little bit about time management, zoom in artificial intelligence, sales and marketing for entrepreneurs. By the way, this is pretty similar to what we've talked about on this event. I didn't even know what the AI was going to generate. But it is actually putting it together for us in the way that I would walk you through it. Right here. We're going through the business strategy, niche selection, irresistible offers, you need to have an irresistible offer that speaks to the desired outcome that your target customer wants. Okay, so growing your coaching business with live zoom events. That's what your goal is that you have you want me to show you how to do that. Your prospect no matter what industry like whatever industry you're in, let's say that you do health coaching. I'm a health coach, map out for me 20 possible, live zoom trainings, or broadcast ideas I could do to attract my To target client to become a paid coaching client. I'm going to go into chat GBT. And I'm actually going to ask it to come up with ideas for a health coach for for, for zoom events that they could do. Healthy eating 101 The power of mindful eating. And particularly this is I know this from working with health coaches, if you can specifically help people around stress management, boosting their immunity, and having more energy, specifically, let's do let's do and boosting your energy to have more energy. Okay. We're gonna tell Chad GPT to do those ideas for us right here. Here's a brief outline of those topics. Explain what emotional eating is impact on health, stress management techniques, coping mechanisms like journaling, healthy habits. Okay, there we go, boosting your immunity. So Chad JpT is able to come up with ideas for what you're going to talk about in your live event. Now, here's where I want to pause here. Your live zoom events, whether you do it free, like we're doing right here. This one's free. Some people even host them paid $27 $97 to join them on Zoom to hear a training. I'll say this, if you don't have a huge audience already to market to, you probably won't get enough people showing up for a paid training. And so the advantage of doing a free training like this, as you're able to get a lot more people to actually register about a specific topic. And so part of your market research to attract your target client is you want to host these events. And you want to listen to the feedback of what people tell you. So my goal is this is that when I host a live zoom event like this, I am using it to essentially bribe people ethically, with good content,

[914:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: to tell me the answers to some very simple questions. So we have a Facebook group that we put some pre trainings into, and people go into these. And there's questions that we asked before they joined. What's your biggest struggle with growing your six figure coaching business with live zoom events? What would you like to learn? And so what we're able to do is we're able to actually filter the exact questions that people ask, I'm able to filter those into chat GPT. So I have I actually have right here. These are the answers that people gave us for this event right now the one that you're on right now. These are the answers that we got of what people said that they wanted to learn. And so what I'm doing is that I'm able to go through and have chat, GBT tell me, okay, focus on these topics, focus on these areas, focus on talking about this. And chat, GBT is able to help me know, you know what to gear the topic around, what are the worries that people have some of you are worried that it's going to take way too much time, I promise you this, it doesn't take much time at all, that it's going to take a lot of tech skill, it doesn't take much tech skill at all, you just press record on the camera, you can even host it on your cell phone, you can even host it on your smartphone. You're gonna have to be aggressive or overly pushy in your sales and marketing. You don't have to be I'm not aggressive and overly pushy in what I'm talking about. But I'm bringing value to you. And so what chat GPT is able to do is it's able to help you get into your mind of your prospect and understand what they want, what they care about. And then you're able to really gear your talk around what the AI tells you that you can talk about. Now there's a framework for how we actually do this. And this framework applies for every single live event that we do, whether it be a five day event, a one day event, a a three day event, it's the same formula for the live training event that we do. live training events are the very best way for you to get people to join your email list. Because people are able to see, okay, I'm gonna have the instant gratification of a solution that I want delivered to me. And I'm able to get my questions answered, and I'm able to trial things for free. It's the best offer that you can put out there to attract your target client to you is some kind of a video event of some kind where people register to show up at a specific date and time to listen to you talk and give a presentation. And so now, the formula of what you actually talk about follows a three step framework. By the way, we're actually following this exact three step framework right here. We're today live, while I'm talking to you. And if you go back and watch the recording, maybe you grab the VIP, you got some questions after, if you, if you join any live event that I do from here on out, you're going to notice this cadence to every single one of these events that we do. And, and I shudder to share this with you, because it's almost like I'm doing this on you right now. And it's kind of weird when you're doing something to people, and then you tell them what you're doing. And then that's like, Hey, you pull back the curtain. And now people are like, wait a sec, that's what he just did to me, but in full transparency, because I want you to be successful. Because I want you to make a ton of money in your business, I need you to actually understand this process right here. Okay. So the three step framework is this. We break it into three parts, the very first 33% of your training of your virtual event of your zoom event. So if you're doing an hour and a half event like this, what's the first 33% It's the first 30 minutes what you want to talk about during the first 30 minutes is vision casting for the for the future outcome, that the people who register for it are gonna get you remind them of what they registered for. And you address any sort of mindset limitations. Think back to the first 30 minutes of this training. This is also you can share your story and you can intro it right here. Okay, but think back to the first 30 minutes. That's what we went over. But I geared it in such a way that it led to seamlessly everything that we've been talking about, okay. And you're still here because of it, this process works. This process converts, this process produces sales, and it translates to multiple mediums. It could be a one and a half hour like we're doing right now. Could be a five day could be a three day. So if you're doing a five day it will be the first basically like one and a half to one in three quarters days. Essentially, the first two days is going to touch on a lot of this right here. Okay, during a five day event. Now some people think that this is a waste of time I don't and the right clients for you. If you're if you're attracting the people that you can bring transformation to. They will resonate with this, the people who don't and there's always a group of them. They don't connect with this, they don't like it and they think it's a waste of time. They're not those naysayers, those troublemakers, those people that say that they never become a paid client. I've never had somebody come to me join the training like this and get negative and I had somebody be like Jeremiah, you've been talking about nothing but Bow Bow crap for the last 30 minutes no value, I got no value out of this. That person never became a paid client for me. So here's the thing. I'm not concerned about their opinion about me. I want to I concern myself with those of you there's a there's a group of you that are here that you're really like you love connecting with this you love connecting with me. You love connecting with the training, this is really resonating with you this is this is coming together for you. This is it's all starting to make sense. You're my tribe, you're the ones that I love working with most of most of those people have the VIP, we're going to be talking together in the private VIP q&a. You're going to be joining me for the next five days next week to build your offer together. And so that's the people that you really want to connect with the ones that are celebrating you. The ones that are really they they're really making connection with you. And you don't want to concern yourself with those naysayers. And the best way to connect with them on a heart level because that's really where we connect the most is by starting with reiterating the vision of what's possible for their life in the beginning, addressing any sort of mindset limitations at the very beginning. And then in the middle part right now we're in the middle part right now, this is the this is what we call the middle part. You know, this is usually about two to three days. If you do a five day event, it's the middle 33 to 50% right here, okay? And What this is, is this is what we call practical strategies. Okay, so this is where you actually deliver on what you promised in your live zoom event. This is where you actually you actually give people what it is that you said that you were going to deliver on. Now, ultimately, maybe you might say, Well, my, my training and my coaching is so big, I can't possibly deliver it in 30 to 45 minutes in the middle of an hour and a half event, or in just two hours or three hours. That's fine. At least start by inviting people into the process, and get people started along the path with you. I'm not covering 100% of every nuance, as it relates to you hosting lives events, I have two courses. Now actually, there's, there's like four or five of them, they all touch on the different nuances of hosting, marketing, selling in your live events that are in our client growth accelerator program. A big part of our accelerator program is that we work with you to actually dial this in. We work with you to dial this in, we come alongside you and help you so that you don't have to struggle and wonder, Am I doing it right? So that's the value that people actually join our program for. And I would love for some of you to join us in there, when the doors do open. If you're on the waiting list, you'll get an email about that. But this process follows a cadence. We start with the first 33%, the vision, the mindset, the introduction, then this is the practical strategies of what your offer promises to deliver. If I promised that I'm going to tell you the formula for doing a zoom event, how to grow and your confidence how to put together a great offer. That's what we that's what we do in this middle portion right here. That's what we do in this part right here. And what what's cool is, this part is probably going to be the most.

[1074:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do I say that? knowledge intensive. This is where you're really pulling from your knowledge. This is where you're really pulling from what you actually promised on the landing page, if I go look over at the landing page, over at our website on our offer, that's where whatever I said that I was going to deliver in this event, I go into that, and I share that and I share these different strategies with you. In that portion right there, okay. And then at the very end, right here, and because we're not doing a pitch, we're going to skip this part on this training right here. But the way that you would do it is at the very end, we're coming down to the very end right here in the last 17 to 33%. This is where you actually do a sales pitch. Okay. So this is where you actually sell people on something at the very end. And the idea is this is that if somebody has sat with you through this, all of this part of this right here, and they've gotten value, and you've delivered value, and listen, it's important to deliver value in this part right here. They will not be upset, I promise you this, if you sell them something at the end, if you mentioned some way of working with you that cost them money at the end. And so it all starts with actually crafting and putting together an irresistible offer of what are we actually going to teach people? What are we actually going to sell the people at the very end. And so that's the first decision that you have to decide is what is the topic of our offer going to be about? And then you show up on Zoom and you follow this three step cadence right here. The very beginning portion we talk about, hey, here's my story. Here's the vision rah rah, it's exciting. It's a little it's a little it's, this is probably the happiest part. We're super excited. Whoo, whoo. And then any mindset stuff that might be limiting people that might be stopping them from succeeding, that might be stopping them from reaching their goals. And you can still talk about that throughout. You know, I'm still talking about different mindset strategies, one of the biggest mindset shifts, that every single one of you needs is you need to operate out of a state of abundance. You need to not operate out of what's called a scarcity mindset. I don't have enough time. I don't have enough money. I don't have enough knowledge. I don't have enough resources. I don't have enough connection. This is something that we teach our clients, when you can start to operate out of abundance, it shifts your energy, and you become attractive to the people that are meant to work with you and you become irresistible, not to everybody, but to the few that are meant to become your clients. And so then those ones are the ones that stick through all the way to the very end, and you're able to sell to them, you're able to boldly invite them to either join you for another training, another webinar, or a coaching program at the very end right here. Okay? And so this process, how do you actually grow in the confidence to do this? You're not gonna like the answer. But it's the most truth I can share with you today, by actually doing it, by actually showing up by actually putting yourself out there with a live event and attracting some people to join you, and putting an offer out there and being able to connect with people. Now one of the biggest mistakes that coaches, mentors and trainers make is this. They concern themselves way too much about what what other people think, am I delivering enough value in this portion of the training? am I delivering every single step that I promised to people? Once I start talking and delivering and training in the event, I kind of throw away the script. And I really focus on how can I connect with those that are here? How do I not make it that I'm proving to these people that I know what I'm talking about, and I make it more important for me to actually connect with the audience. And that becomes my focus. And when you do that, what what you say in this portion, I'm gonna say something controversial, it doesn't matter. It really doesn't matter that much. We have it built up in our head, way too much overwhelming ourselves, with all the ways that things could go wrong, the people might not like us, the people might be disappointed. And we have to stop imagining and visualizing the worst case scenario for our business. And we have to start imagining the best case scenario, we have to start imagining that if I'm doing this talk to people that they're going to love it, that they're going to enjoy listening to it. And then you go out there and you don't worry about what people think about you. You might say, well, that's not my personality, I want to make sure I do it. Right. I want to make sure I do it the right way. I mean this nicely, but that's just insecurity. That's just fear. That's just doubt, that's just unbelief. You might say, No, it's, it's me, I got integrity, I got ethics, I got a spirit of excellence. I'm sorry. Those are nice ways of saying, I'm worried that I'm not good enough. That's all it is. And so what determines your ability to close sales on your zoom event, and to deliver a powerful sales pitch, because you have to become a good salesperson. It's not optional. You have to be able to grow in this ability right here. What transforms you into that is your own self belief and self esteem. If you don't believe in yourself, how are you going to be able to sell yourself to anybody? How are you going to be able to communicate your value to anybody, if you don't believe that you're worth people investing their time into, you know, one of the biggest problems that people have when they host a live zoom event is that nobody shows up. Nobody listens to them. Nobody even shows up to hear the conversation. You want to know why that is? Because the problem is, is that most coaches and mentors, when they follow this system, they're too passive and what they're promising, and their offer is weak. And because the offer is weak, it doesn't actually attract people to register for it. And I see it time and time and time again. And this is this is why this is this is this is what keeps me in business, let's be real. You know, I'm being fully transparent with you there. What keeps me in business is that people actually really do struggle to dial their offer in in a way that's going to be successful. And so what I'm able to do is bring my experience and help you dial that offer. And we're gonna go into the VIP here after this session. And I want to help some of you dial in maybe your ideas for your zoom events. But I want to encourage you if you've gotten value out of this training here today, and you want to know how do I create an offer that's irresistible to people that attracts the right clients and creates multiple six figures with me The five day intensive is going to be the ticket, that's going to take you to the level that you want to get to. We've strategically put it together each of the days in this, to go through with you. Everything that you need to reach your goals. Day number one, we're going to do building your perfect coaching offer. How do you distinguish between a successful offer and one that's failing? Even if you only join us for day one, I promise you, you're gonna get a ton of value out of this. And I'm not sure if I mentioned but the five day event is free. It doesn't cost anything. But we've had a ton of people tell us Jeremiah, your five day event is equal to what I invested five to 10 grand into actually the guy said, tell us that on one of the last five events, he's like Jeremiah, I bought a 10k coaching program. And you're free five day event was more than I got out of that. And he became a client and our accelerator. And he's just like, oh my gosh, the accelerators even better. It's great. I love that. And I love hearing how excited people are. But I want you to put me to the test. And I want you to join us. For these five days, let's work together. Even if we never talk again. Let's work together for these five days next week to build and launch your six figure group coaching offer together. Let's work on building that perfect offer. And then how do we position it for maximum profit and impact? Those are the two most important things to me. The impact you have on people's lives and the results you deliver. I am I am not about fraudsters. I want people that have integrity that deliver results. And if you're here right now, I trust that you're somebody who has honesty and integrity as a high value of yours, because that's who I attract, because that's who I am. And I want you to show up with that as well. And how do you show up to get the maximum impact and make the most amount of money is when there's an alignment with your offer.

[1234:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me give you an example of this. If you end up trying to sell haircare, like hair, I do have hair, hair care to a bald person, there's not an alignment in that. So you're not going to make any impact or profit off of the wrong messaging to the wrong person. But when there's a perfect synergy, and how you communicate your position, you write your messaging, how you explain it, your messaging isn't your message. But it can influence how you structure your message. It influences how you put together this formula right here, this three step formula of vision, practical strategies, and then the sales pitch. That's what we're going to help you with, we're going to help you put together an offer that works an offer that gets results and something that attracts the right clients for you. We're gonna go over what are the exact words that you say to actually get people to say yes to your offer. So you don't have to struggle, the wonder what those are. We're going to show you how you can actually automate the whole process so that you can step away, and the business doesn't have to run you. I only work about 10 hours a week now on this business right now I got a newborn baby. And that's my focus. And we've put together a strategic formula that you can use to automate the whole thing. And then how do you turn that into profits for you? How do you make six figures with your coaching offer? That's what day five is gonna be all about? How do you turn that into sales with you. And so these five days are going to be one of the best experiences that you have as the the doors to my coaching program are closed right now. This is the next best thing that you can get to spend a week with me to work together on your business. And we do also have a VIP upgrade as well. And there's an early bird price on this the early bird price ends your registered. Oops, I have to update I have to update this page right here. Well, you know what I'm gonna give you guys this price right here. We're gonna we're actually going to honor this price right here, since we had the page wrong, since it wasn't updated. So I was gonna charge 27 Is it 27 at the bottom? It is 27 at the bottom. Let's let me let me discount this for you here real quick. I'm actually going to go in we're going to we're going to do it live while we're on here. And I'm going to discount this for you. Down to $23 real real simply. Okay, let's see three 321 We're gonna change the price to 23 bucks earlybird ends on this date. There we go. All right. Now it's $23 right there, okay. And so if you're a coach, if you're a mentor if you're a trainer, and you want to join the five day intensive with us over at my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you want to get the VIP for just $23, not $27. Go register right now you have until Monday, July 10, is what it is. So that's the first day of the five day intensive, listen, I don't get everything perfect. In what we do. And this is just shows you that you know, sometimes we forget to update stuff on our page, and you benefit from it. And so some of y'all are gonna benefit from this, go grab that $23 VIP upgrade to the live event to the intensive. And I got to change the date on this as well. I'll change that here after this call. And what do you get with this? Well, you get five days of coaching with me in the backstage pass. Okay, so you get the recordings to all the sessions. So that's one thing, you get the recordings, all the sessions, to all the training sessions, you also get the backstage pass after each session. When is it happening? It happens at 3pm. Eastern time. 2pm Central is when all the sessions are, that's when the that's when the that's when the VIP recording is the actual training sessions itself are happening at least to pm Eastern, 1pm Central. So that's when the actual sessions are occurring is 2pm, Eastern, 1pm Central. And then immediately following each day as one hour, we're gonna go into another Zoom Room together where you can ask me questions, and we get to work on your individual business, just like we're going to be going into after this session right here. And no, the VIP for this one or last week does not apply to this. It is separate, they're very different is what you're going to get. And so this is going to give you five days of being able to ask me questions to go backstage to get the q&a, you're gonna get the recordings to the backstage q&a, you're gonna get the pre trainings, the main sessions and for bonus trainings, the chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle, this is all the different prompts that you want to put together to actually create your sales letter for your offer and your landing page. We're gonna give you the getting unstuck to take massive action training, the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training, and the VIP mindset training. Okay. And so all of these together, that's not $27, it's $23. See, now we updated it right here, it's $23, you're gonna be able to go grab that, and get access immediately to those bonuses, and be able to join me for the q&a after each session. And so that the price on that ends Monday night, July 3, but July 10, I'll go update that here in a little bit for you. Okay. So the question you got to ask yourself this, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer. And you want to host live zoom events and you want to grow your email list, you want to attract the right clients. And you want to the we utilize paid advertising to do so but it's profitable, we generate 36 times return on our paid ads. If you want to know how to put an offer together, that converts to sales and attracts the right clients and grows your email list. This event that we're hosting on July 10, through the 14th is going to be one of the best chances for you to do this. And I'm really excited for those of you that I get to spend these five days together with I'm excited that we're going to be able to go over this. You'll get updates and notifications and we'll send you by email once you register. At least register for the free event. Even if you don't do the VIP at least go through the first day with us. Check us out. See how it is. But I think honestly for those of you if you want to upgrade to the VIP, that $23 deal since obviously I made a mistake. It's funny. I'm not perfect at what I do and our business made over $850,000 in the last 11 months. You don't have to be perfect. You don't have to worry about you know what people think about you if you make mistakes. I am not concerned about the mistake I made on the price. The landing page says $27 till Monday, I updated this page but I forgot to update the the upgrade pages is funny. So that's Gotta be $23 for you, if you go update if you go upgrade. And we're gonna be able to spend these five days together to be able to help you break past the overwhelm. No longer be lost and unsure about what to do next and your business, no longer be exhausted, that you're not making the kind of money that you want to make. And you don't have to quit, you don't have to give up, this is going to be the best chance that you're going to find right now online, to be able to start to move things forward for you to gain crystal clear clarity on what to do in your business.

[1369:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: To feel confident that what you're actually going to put out there is going to convert to sales, it's not going to fall flat. And you're going to have concrete action steps and a strategy of everything to do we're going to spend these five days together working with you to put your offer together. If you want to work with me for five days to do this, jump into this event with me. And what are we actually building for our offer? Well, this is where we actually build our event that we're going to do, what you want to do is you want to put together a zoom event or a or a two day intensive or a three day intensive, or a five day intensive. It doesn't matter which format you do. The offer strategy and the structure. And what we're going to be teaching on this five days is the same, whether it's a five day event, whether it's a one day for an hour and a half, whether it's a two day, the strategy of the action steps that we're going to be going going over during these five days, they're the same, they translate directly, there's no, there's no miscommunication or confusion on that. And a lot of our clients, depending on how you know how much they want to do, what their price point is, they'll do different types of events like that, here's kind of our strategy is this is that the more days you do, the more you can charge for your offer at the end, because you're able to build trust more with people, the people who actually stick with you, through an entire five day event are generally those that are really connecting with you. You know, I would hope that those of you that are on here, right now that you're gonna stick with us through the whole five day event, and I'm excited to spend this time with you. And to help you put together your unique, irresistible six figure coaching offer. I can't wait to see you for that go register now. And for those of you that have the VIP upgrade for this event, I'm going to log off here, I'm gonna go go take a quick break. And then I'm going to hop into the Zoom Room with you we're going to meet up and we're going to we're going to go over your business to answer your questions about your zoom event and what what you are putting together for your business. Okay, so I'll see you there. I'm gonna log off here and I'll go hop over into the Zoom Room here real quick. The separate Zoom Room, if you haven't upgraded to the VIP, how do you do so for this event for the one that we're doing today? Maybe like how do I get the VIP? How do I get the VIP. Go to the page on my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash zoom. And you can put in your name and email address. And then on the next page after that, it will give you an opportunity to be able to grab the $7 upgrade. What does that give you that gives you the recording that gives you the recording of today's session. That gives you the q&a that we're about to go hop into plus three bonus trainings, you actually get the finding your niche bundle, the six figure lead magnet training that's all about putting your landing page together. And the growing your email list the fun way training as well. Okay, for seven bucks, you can go grab that you can go grab this VIP upgrade for today's July 8 event as well. Okay, so for those of you that have already grabbed this, you already got the link, it was sent to you in your email, you'll go find it in your email. If you register for this, wait a little bit and you'll get an email. It'll also be on the thank you page after that. I'm gonna go hop over to that. And I'll see you there and I'll be there to answer your questions. We'll talk soon

