Mastering Individual Sales - Lesson 1
Date: 2023-10-26T10:27:17.000Z
Duration: 46 min
Otter ID: lq7PlS71Cvyw_IMoVKhILZqlOXo
---

[0:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hi, everybody. Welcome to the first lesson on one on one sales. One on One sales isn't necessarily one on one coaching, I still believe that group coaching is the number one thing that you need to do. But sometimes, to push people over the edge to actually buy our programs to purchase our coaching, we have to have a one on one conversation. Here's the thing, one on one conversations, and even webinars and challenges and group sales. If we talk about group sales, that's what a webinar is, if we talk about selling to a group selling from the stage, we're selling to a group of people. That's a skill set that we've taught a lot in this program. But it stems from one on one sales. And before we dive into this, there's a book that I've been recommending to the group for the last two years that I think it's still the number one book on one on one sales that also applies to any other form of sales, I highly recommend you go grab it. This book was a sales course, that used to cost $2,000. And the entire course, was put into a book, which I think is like super cool. So it's actually the best sales book called straight line selling the art of persuasion, influence and success by Jordan Belfort. And the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort is still to this day, in my opinion, number one sales book about one on one sales. But it also applies to group sales, whether it be you are selling to a wide audience of people. And here's really the the gist of it is and we're going to cover quite a bit of this. Before I do that, though, I want to tell you, in your members area, as part of the accelerator, there's another sales course in there. That's more on I guess you could say sales mindset getting into the frame of mind of sales, we're not necessarily going to cover that in this course. And so the I would highly recommend going back to that one as well. In addition to this one, especially if you want some more of the way to think about sales, how we speak, how we talk, how we communicate, it's called successful selling for people who struggle to sell. So it's kind of like a pre course to this one right here. This one is going to be more of the nitty gritty of what to do when you're in a one on one sales interaction. And why would you be in a one on one sales interaction? Let's talk about that. Okay. Here's, here's, here's why. If you're selling something that's over 5000 $10,000 Generally, people want to talk to a real person before they make that investment of money. My program, the accelerators $2,000, I still have people they want to talk to me before they invest that I don't talk to people before that anything below $2,500 Don't talk to people for and growing the skill set to be able to sell your programs that are 2500. And last, without any sales calls. Without having to do any one on one interactions. That's that's going to be scalable for you. And that's really the desired goal. However, however, let's let's just put this out there. In the beginning, before you are like getting sales hand over fist, it may be part of your process to actually loop people back into a sales call. So let's talk about a couple of reasons why we would do this and some of the psychology behind sales from this book right here. So the first part, psychology behind the sales, okay. Jordan Belfort calls it straight line selling because his concept is you have a straight line that you're on with your prospects is the straight line from where they are to sold. But sometimes along the way, you have to loop the conversation. Okay, so looping is like these roller coaster loops right here. So the idea is you're on the straight line, but sometimes you have to circle back around and loop and what are we actually looping around? Well, the goal of you selling in any interaction, whether it be a webinar, or one on one is trust. Building. The reason anybody buys anything from anybody is they trust that what that person says is true is going to come true for them, and their expectation is attached to believing that they're going to get the desired outcome. Now listen, if you're a life coach, if you're a trauma informed coach, you may know that expectation is the mother of disappointment. And that, you know, we teach and mentor people to not have so much attachment to the expectation. But here's the thing, when you're selling, people are attached to expectation. And what you want is you want them to have a level 10 trust in you, your coaching program, your company, the transformation, you're going to bring them. And so when somebody has a level 10 trust in you, your program your company in the transformation, and they fully believe, okay, they fully expect, I'm going to get what I came here for, I'm going to get what I made this investment for when you join the accelerator program. For me to have done my job, as a salesperson, it was to build trust with you that by being here, you're going to get 100% of everything that you expect out of this. And that has the support the training the accountability, to produce the results that you want your business to make the kind of money that you want to make. And my job is to continue to prove that to you month after month after month with the training with the coaching, how we improve the program, the program gets better every single month. I love it, the results are coming in. It's incredible. It's this is one of the best programs that's out there. That's your job with your coaching is to do that is to build people's trust in you, your program, the training company. But here's what ends up happening is as your price point goes up

[115:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: the more trust has to actually be built before they purchase. Okay, so think about it from this perspective. $7 product, still people need to trust you when they buy it, but somebody investing $7 versus 7000, they're gonna need to have a little bit more reassurance of the fact of what they're getting. And so there's a process of one on one sales to be able to do this. Some of the most people don't know about me and my story and where I came from, you know, I remember I mentioned that I worked with a company called Danny johnson.com That now called destiny global.com. This is where I got my start 20 years ago working with this company, helping them put together their seminars and training. And what did they do is they taught people how to do one on one phone sales. It was literally the entire focus of the company was to teach you to be a master at phone sales. And so me absorbing everything in this, to be honest, I sucked at phone sales, my first time out doing phone sales, my first time out, doing a one on one sales interaction, bombed it last big, could not close a sale, could not build any trust does anybody was super worried was super nervous. And that's why I put together that course successful selling for people who struggle to sell. And so again, in the members area, we have a number of different courses that are that will help you at different stages of your journey. Successful webinars and challenges. This is about how to sell to a group using webinars. What we're talking about here today is a one on one sale. Now in the beginning in your business. You may need to for lack of a better word. How Humble yourself to the point that you actually have to do phone sales calls when you like. And I noticed that a lot of people when they when they set out in business, and they try to build using webinars and challenges and they don't want to do sales calls. I tell them here's the thing, if you're not getting sales through your webinar, you're missing some kind of key piece of information. Okay? And so what I encourage to our clients to do is is that okay? You got you, let's say you had 150 people register, you had eight of them show up, zero of them bought from you, you want to contact us those eight to 10 people who showed up, as well as the other 140. And figure out what they needed to hear from you, to trust you enough to make an investment with you. That's really what you got to do. The only reason that anybody doesn't buy from you is because they don't trust that it's worth their time and investment to spend money with you. Now, there's 1001 nuances, you might say, like, Well, what about the value and what about? Well, of course, if the perceived value is not there, they don't trust that you, your programmer, worth their time and investment to buy from, if it doesn't have what they're looking for, etc. This all goes down to though, if they don't trust that you and your program are going to deliver exactly what they want, by the way, has nothing to do with what you want. Get it out of your head that has anything to do with validating you and yourself. One on One sales and sales in general is not about you looking good to people at all. It's not about you saying all the right things, it's not about you being perfect. at all, it's about a connection that you can make with the prospect. And there's another book as well that I also do recommend. Everyone communicates few connect by John Maxwell the dives deeper into what is used to build connection with people finding common ground, keeping your communication simple, capturing people's interest, how to create an experience everybody enjoys and staying authentic. These are really what I consider five pillars and practices of one to one direct phone sales, one to one, meaning one person, I'm talking one to one to another person, selling them on my program, okay? In the beginning, your goal is to become really, really curious. And this is really the start of any kind of one to one sales interaction is curiosity. This goes back to everything that I have ever talked about offer creation, as well. Yet it's the number one most ignored part of my training. Even my clients that are in our accelerator, ignore this one thing the most.

[210:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is the desire? And want of the prospect? Notice none of this says what do they need? Notice none of this says what's your passion? No notice none of this says what drives you? And is going to have the most impact? No, no. It's the person who is a lead. Let's say you ran a campaign. They signed up. You had 150 people sign up yet eight of them show up. And now you got two phone calls scheduled. What you want to give them I get it is going to pay your bills. The impact that you want to have is going to change their life. Lay down the savior complex and trying to save everybody and I want you to put yourself in a mindset that you have all that you need and that you are not desperate for somebody to give you cash. Desperation smells like turds, like poop. It's yucky. Nobody wants to buy from somebody who reeks of desperation and yet that's how most people show up. And that's going to be something you got to work on in between your two years again, successful selling for people who struggle to sell we talk more about that. The wealth mindset course we talk more about that. If you're selling somebody who goes out there and you're disappointed that people aren't buying from you. And you end up beating yourself up and you end up getting angry and you end up making your emotions be attached to the results that you create financially, I'm sorry, but that is a recipe for disaster. And you're going to have to train your brain to operate differently. You can train your brain to operate differently. How do I know this? Because I had to myself, and this is actually one of the biggest areas that working with a therapist has helped me with the most is to not worry about being embarrassed on the phone, to not worry about being too much too loud, too obnoxious. Whatever it is. And so what I do is I focus in what does this person want? I did 400 discovery calls, I would not recommend that you do that. When I started in my business, I thought if I can talk to 400 people, I can learn what my market wants and what they don't want. And boy did I learned but I also spent a lot of time not making money doing that. So be cautious with Discovery calls, be cautious with one on one calls. But above all, make curiosity not getting the sale be your number one goal in the beginning. Okay. If I had to do it all over again, I would have gotten way more assertive with the sales part of my discovery calls, I did not dive into the sales part as much as I do. Now. And here's why. Because I think that when you go to sell somebody what you're actually offering, you want to make sure that they are qualified. Okay. So there's a few aspects that we're going to talk about here right now. You want to make sure that the person that you're getting on the phone is actually qualified. How do you know that they're qualified? Think of it this way. 150 people signed up for a webinar he showed up, you probably get about two to five of them scheduling a call with you, I would rather talk to those two to five people, one to one and close two or three of them than talk to 150 people that aren't even willing to show up to listen to what our presentation is. And so even let's go back to this even with one to one sales, I believe that having some kind of a lead magnet that gets people qualified is a great part of that process. One of the ways that I know that a lot of people do, especially if they're selling something over five to $10,000 is they'll host a webinar or a challenge as the qualification process. And then they do the sales call after the person that's qualified. The other thing is, is that you can train a sales team to be able to do calls with you. Here's my goal with this course right here. Okay, there's a topic that you see on the internet called centers and closers, centers and closers, set a call, and then a closer, closes the call, okay. And sometimes it's broken down into two, one to one calls, the first call is about 10 to 15 minutes. The second call is about 45 minutes on, the actual selling takes place on the 45 minute call, the 15 minute call is a qualification call. Okay, and so one funnel that I've seen that a lot of people do is that they will do a webinar or a VSL. What's a VSL VSL is a video sales letter could be thought of as a short webinar. So 1015 minute video of you talking about your story, what you do, what you can accomplish, and you invite people to schedule a call with you, okay. That part of the process, getting people in front of you to schedule that call with you. We break that down in the successful webinars and challenges course, I'm not going to be talking about that in this course right here. So if you're wondering, well, how do I get people on the sales calls with me that's literally taught in every other course, in this program, okay. What we're going to talk about is once you have a call booked, what do you do to turn that person from interested to a sale, and it starts with curiosity. It starts with really finding that common ground that you have with them and creating that connection. And so what I like to do is I like to get people talking about themselves. When you scheduled a sales call. I always start the call like this and it's great to practice with your sales calls. It's great to do some practice interactions, but what you're gonna see for me here, in this course I'll do Have you sort of example if I was on the phone with somebody? And so, how I'll do this is digital Ring ring. And I'll pretend like I'm on the phone and we'll put it on speaker

[326:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hi, you've reached Susan. coachable person. Leave a message after the tone. Okay, right away. Notice you didn't get a hold of the person. So here's what I would say. Hey, what's up, Susan, how are you? Hey, listen, this is Jeremiah Krakowski. I noticed that you had scheduled a call with me, but we did not connect. And so I just want to make sure you're doing okay. And if we can give me a call back, shoot me an email. Let's reschedule. I'd love to talk with you again. Hope we can reconnect. That'd be one way that I would I would take that. Another way. If it was a scheduled sales calls, I might do this and say hey, what's up Jeremiah? No, you don't right, possibly recognize the number Jeremiah Krakowski, you scheduled call with me. Let's I'm gonna give you 10 minutes. I'm gonna call you back and five. Otherwise, let's reschedule. I'll send you a link to reschedule after this. And we can go from there. So again, I keep it real simple. I did this half the time people would reschedule the other half the time. Crickets, I would never hear from them again. Okay. So notice, by the way, most of the time when you do a one on one sales call. Most of the time nobody's actually going to pick up because they don't recognize your phone number. I would not write I would not recommend blocking your number, I would recommend having your number be shown. And there's a tool that you can grab. You can get a Google Voice number if you're in another country. I'm not sure they have Google Voice. So they have Google Voice in the UK. They might or you can find a no it's not available in the UK. But there are other there are some UK alternatives. Oh looks like so let's see Google Voice. UK alternative preferably free, well might be five bucks. The burner app, your phones other number that says cool. Burner. Very cool. Five bucks gives you another phone number that you can use to make sales calls. Pretty cool. Okay. And so call from that leave a voicemail. I'll also shoot a text message. Oh, there's another app. It's called grasshopper. So let's see we got burner app, and we got Grasshopper. Grasshopper is another app that could kind of do this as well. It's a solopreneur side gigs. You can set up full customer service line everything. Grasshoppers super advanced as far as that goes. But you can literally set up numbers for your whole team if you use grasshopper, which is pretty cool. So we got grasshopper, we got Google Voice, which is what I use. But I also have the burner app right here. Okay, so those are a few alternatives that you could use, that you're not using your personal phone number to call people overall. Okay? So they don't answer what I'll do is I'll leave a voicemail. And here's what you got to do. Again, when you're doing sales calls, you got to put yourself in the mind of the prospect. You got to put themselves in your shoes, they don't recognize the number. Don't take it personally means nothing. So I'll shoot him a text message. She'll say, hey, Jeremiah Krakowski, we had a three o'clock, I'm gonna call you back in five minutes. If I don't hear from you. shoot you an email. So you can reschedule. And I've used that script multiple times. The other half of the time, you'll be like, Oh, my gosh, I forgot. So sorry, Bo, call me back. Now, if they text me after the 10 minutes that I gave them, they've lost the chance of the call, they're gonna have to reschedule. This is a rule that I put in place that just I'm not. I'm not, I'm not available to people just when it's convenient for them. If somebody wants to talk with me, they're going to make it a priority. They're going to make it important to them to actually be on the call. Okay. So think of it from that perspective. Again, you got to get rid of desperation from your mind, you got to get rid of the need to make this work for me. The need to make sales come in. I'm going to be so disappointed if I don't make sales. I put so much energy into my funnel and if this doesn't produce results, we'll be so disappointed. That stinking thinking is something that's stopping you from being successful. I promise you that Okay. You have to show up with authority with belief with conviction. You have this show up believing that this person's life is about to change for the better by you talking to them, by you interacting with them, by you getting on the phone with them, that their life just got that much better because of the fact that you actually called them think that way, start thinking that way about what you do. Okay? Now if they do answer, here's how I was hurt to call

[411:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello. And I always say Hey, Susan. Yeah, or just a sec. So I always am excited. And I say hey, is this or Hey, dot. Now Now yes, I am guessing person's gender at this at that point. Nine times out of 10. I've been right. There was one time I wasn't I was like, Alex. Oh, no, that's my wife. Oh, awesome. Great. You know, but nine times out of 10. It's what you think. And so I always start with just hey, like, what's up? Instead of Hi, I'm sorry. But rather like I'm excited to talk with them. Like we're an old time friend. And we've always talked together. That's how I start every sales sales call. And what's cool is it kind of gets their guard down. They're also asking like, Hey, wait, do I know this person? And then I then I go, and I say, Hey, what's up? And now here's the thing, when it comes to one on one sales calls, again, I'm not teaching you how to cold call people. That's an entirely different skill set. We don't, we don't, I've never actually cold call people in my life. So if you're looking to me to teach you cold calling, maybe in the future, maybe we'll we'll do that at some point in the future. But nine, but for us, 99% of the time. It's somebody who already knows who we are. They fill out a form and they scheduled a call with us, okay. So I say, hey, it's Jeremiah Krakowski. You scheduled a call with me for this time. And I just want to see what's going on how you doing today. All you know, get them talking about their day. And so what you want to do is you want their guard to be down, you want them talking about themselves. You want them talking about what's going on. Doing good. Hey, that's awesome. Hey, listen, I know you scheduled a call. And generally there's gonna be a questionnaire attached to the call form, we might go over that in the next lesson, it's kind of the the rules I think that actually would be a good lesson, kind of setting up the scheduling and setting up maybe the questionnaire to qualify them and, and that part of it, we'll go over that in the next lesson. Generally, there'll be a questionnaire and so I have always used a tool called Calendly for people to actually schedule calls with me calendly.com. And then I have a questionnaire that people can fill out through Calendly and when they fill that out through Calendly, they tell me a brief synopsis of what they want to talk about what what's going on. And so let me just let me just pull up a few of these here real quick for you. So I have scheduled events let's go to past events. Let me do me do some my earliest sales calls from like 2020 because I did a whole bunch back then. Let me go the heart of the pandemic march two through April 2020. Here we go. So look, I did all these all these different sales calls during that time 15 minute strategy call right here. Okay. What are your current 90 days, six months 12 month goals? What would you say is the most important area good copy funnel converting one step one thing preventing you fear, sending sales letters free opt in webinars, trying to sell products directly with a Facebook ad I own a hair salon. Are you able to invest capital into growing your business if they said no. I would just know that this person is probably not going to buy from me anything that they said yes. Then I would I would make that an end to talk about the sale. We'll talk a little bit more about getting that all set up tomorrow. But generally, I have a questionnaire. I'm not going to leave with any of the questions I'm going to ask act like I never read any of the questions, even though I did. I'm gonna say So listen, I want to see how can I help you today? Like you, you registered, asking for some help in your business. But I want to know, today, where you're at right now what's going on? Tell me a little bit about about what you're doing. And I get them talking. And so when you're doing a one on one sales interaction, understand this, that you want to be the one asking the questions. Okay. Here's the thing. If you get on the phone with somebody, and they are asking you questions, and now sort of becomes an interesting battle, they are asking you questions, because it allows them to control the conversation. Whoever's asking the questions on a one to one interaction and sales call is controlling the conversation. So if they're asking you questions, and you're now responding to them, they are the one in the driver's seat, and you've lost. So keep that in mind. Okay. What you want to do is and listen, of course, I answer people's questions when they ask questions. But, but in my answer, I don't allow a lot of room for them to fit another question. I then loop it back around to asking them another question about themselves or their situation. And if you're struggling to find you know what to ask people, you can start the interaction asking them even about their family. Since you kind of know what they do, right now, you could say, you know, do you work a job? Is this business? Well, you I do business coaching like this, I'm going to ask, you know, what are you doing right now for work for income, start to ask them a little bit, well, if they want to do for what they like to do for fun, things like that. And this, and this falls into loosely, a model that, that I learned from Danny Johnson, it's called form, not a big fan of using form, unless you absolutely have to, I would rather let them lead the conversation. But if you're struggling to get any kind of answers, a response form gives you something to go back to, to get the wheels turning in the conversation nine times out of 10, you're not going to need to, if you get them talking about what they're going through what they need help with, and what their day is initially. And you just keep it real, authentic, real casual, you want the whole call to feel casual, literally, super laid back. And so if you're splitting it up into two calls, your initial call might be just to figure out where they're at in their business, if they might be a good fit, to work with you long term. And so again, your initial goal, even though they might be qualified, even though they might have fill out a form, even though they might have said all the right answers on the form. By the way, they don't always have to fill out a form. And they could have also just come through an email. And you might not have those answers. And they say, Hey, let's do a call. I used to follow up with some of the questions. He told me a little bit about what your goals are. Can you tell me a little bit about where you want to be in 90 days? What have you tried already, things like that, and kind of looping it back? In that you want them talking about themselves? This is the first part of the interaction. And if people have been trained in sales, they will push back against this. I have found that to be the case in my own business. Why? Because we work I work with people that have gotten sales in training and stuff like that. And so they would push back and the way they would push back is they would grill me with questions. And they wouldn't, they wouldn't allow me to ask questions. Again, generally, if somebody's really aggressive with this, they might probably not be a good fit for what you're actually offering. Or they might just be really curious. Either way, I'm okay with people being curious. One thing you want to make sure of is that no part in the call do you get defensive? Okay. I struggled at this in the beginning. I had a couple of calls where I would get defensive and the person would say something that triggered me and I would immediately just like I hung up on a few people. There was one guy I honestly he told me I was I was crazy. And a psycho for note, like we hadn't even talked. And I'm like, Yeah, this conversation is done. I'm not even gonna keep talking to you. Have a good day and I literally hung out. It was like it was like the most toxic negative interaction I had had with anybody and I was just like this A troll, at this point just hung up. Like, I'm not, I'm not engaging with that, I got to the point to where people, if they would ask me to do something that I don't do, such as run their Facebook ads, or help them build their marketing out, I would immediately say, Hey, that's not what we do. I coach, train and mentor people, if you're not looking for a coach, or mentor, I don't think we have anything else more to discuss. And immediately that would shut the call down.

[568:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, in the beginning, you might be hesitant to do this, I want you to grow to the confidence where you are willing to shut down the conversation, where you are willing to walk away, where you are willing to not need them to buy from you, okay? Because this allows you to build trust a lot better with people, when you're that desperate salesperson who keeps pressuring keeps pushing, keeps trying to get them to buy from you. They're not going to want to buy from you. We all know this. So I want you to think back to your own sales interactions as well with salespeople. When you go buy a car. What don't you like, it's the person who's pushy, it's the person who's trying to get you to do what they want. But when they get used to start talking about yourself, and you start to learn that art of communication, you start to learn that art of connection with people. That's why the book everyone communicates few Connect is so valuable. That's why the book, the way the wolf is so valuable right here, because it's very easy to start to make a connection with somebody. But the problem is if you don't like human interaction, if you don't like connection with other people, if you are avoidant of connecting with people, well, that's an area to address internally. That's an area to work on directly. Because otherwise, you will continue to struggle to be able to actually make real connections and close sales with people. If all you want is them to buy from you. I'm sorry, but that's just not going to work. Because the only reason anybody buys from you is because they trust and believe that you're going to give them their desire and their want and that they have an expectation that by purchasing from you, all of their dreams are going to come true. Okay. But you got to understand what their dreams are initially. And so you want people talking about what their goals are, what their struggles are, what are they dealing with? What would they like to happen in their business? You get to pull that out of them by asking strategic questions. You know, that, hey, tell me a little bit more about that. If they if they if they touched on something else they had, oh, she mentioned this about the fact that you tried to build a business before you struggled, things fell flat. What? Tell me a little bit more about that. What, what went on when you tried to build that business before. Because we have a lot of clients who they're very successful. And and when I can identify exactly the area that somebody has experienced before, I can usually give some really great insight into how they can get unstuck and not repeat that pattern again. So I actually frame it in the fact that, yes, I'm probing. I'm trying to get information out of them. I'm trying to learn a good salesperson learns as much about their individual prospect as possible. So like, even if they buy a course with you, or a training or a webinar, you're still wanting to ask these questions. This even applies to being a great coach. This is this is about leadership. Great sales is a form of leadership. You're leading somebody from where they are to where they want to be by taking them from where they are to where you want them to be in leading them to bring out their pocketbook and give you some of their cash in exchange for value that you're going to be giving them in the form of your program. Okay. And so getting people to talk about themselves, what their desires are, what their goals are, what their dreams are, what their aspirations are, again, okay, don't over prescription eyes this. What you don't want to do is go into what's called the Grand Inquisitor mode. Grand Inquisitor mode is the worst thing you can possibly do when you're just grilling them with questions you want To ease into it. Okay. You want to ask some light hearted questions to start? How was your day? It's great. Oh, man. Oh, it sucked. Oh, man, why is that it's going on, tell me about it. I had a lady, she went on for 20 minutes with me about how she worked in a prison and dealt with inmates. And I can tell this lady had literally never talked to like anybody about this before. And she was just pouring her heart and soul out. And, um, to be honest, she wasn't a good fit for my coaching. But I remember the interaction so much, because I learned a lot about what this person was going through. And what was stopping them from success. And I ended up telling her, I said, Listen, if you want to be successful in the coaching and mentorship business, you're mentoring these prisoners, but you're also working 60 hours a week, you're gonna have to cut back on some of your hours. And she was like, can never do that Bo, and I was like, okay, you know, no problem. But that wasn't like a later interaction that I had that I actually had with her. My initial interaction was just to learn what drives this person, what motivates them? What keeps them up at night? And if we go to, again, the ultimate sales letter with Dan Kennedy, C sales letter. We have these 10, smart market diagnosis questions. What keeps them awake at night? What are they most afraid of? What are they angry about? What frustrates them what trends go on in their life? What are they desired the most, what's their built in bias, they have any unique ways of talking and language by the way, if you're able to do your calls, you're able to even do them over zoom. And you're able to use a tool, like otter.ai, which is an artificial intelligence transcription software that we use for quite literally everything. Every call that I do is transcribed in here. And the reason why is because I can analyze the tone of voice, the cadence, the structure, I can go back and actually look at how I could have expressed certain things differently or better or improved part of my message. By using a tool like otter AI, you can go back and improve how you talk how you communicate how you do your sales call. Okay? So that's one thing that we want to do is we, as sales is a skill that you can grow it, you can get better at it. Your first step, though, on any any one to one interaction, is to get to know the person, even if you've talked to them before. Reconnect, what you want is you want that moment to where they literally, they forget that they're talking to somebody that they scheduled a call with. And they think that they're talking to their best friend. And you can get better at doing this quicker and faster. I want you to think about how do you start conversations with your own best friends. Simple Hey, dude, what's going on? Oh, man, it's good. Hey, tell me a little about what you got going on a long time. No, see, you know, anchor it around the interaction. If it's been somebody you've known for a while Longton? No See, if you've never met them before, talk about how you made the connection. Hey, I saw you scheduled the call. Just curious. What is the first time you heard about me? Did you see me through a Facebook ad? Did a friend of yours refer you? Things like that? Get to know where they're coming from. Your goal is to become super curious not to close the sale. And listen, you're gonna have to compartmentalize these parts of your brain, the one part that's trying to get the sale trying to make them come through. And the other part that makes the connection when you get on the phone initially, your entire goal is not how can I close this person? It's how can I learn what I don't know right now? about them? And how can I make them feel really happy to talk to me. And so that's where you listen, compliment them if there's a place to compliment get them talking about themselves. And then we go into the selling process to where we basically take what they've told us and we loop it back around with their hopes and dreams. So the reason why I'm trying to get the hopes and dreams of the person out of them on this interview. Question is because I'm going to loop it back around and every part of our conversation is going to be anchored in their hopes and dreams. And the fact that working with me buying our program is the ticket to their hopes and dreams and that's what you want them to believe. So we're going to break that down in the next lesson here. But hopefully this has given you a great intro overview to one on one calls. The first part about it, just get to know the person. We'll talk soon I'll see in the next lesson.

