Sales letter 
Date: 2023-05-30T00:17:14.000Z
Duration: 6 min
Otter ID: pVqJXyX0WMwLT7g9BMfrSksw428
---

[0:26] Speaker 0: It's no secret that online coaches and courses are one of the fastest and easiest ways to make

[4:35] Speaker 0: six figures on the internet in the last 10 years, and the industry is continuing to grow, with no end in sight, Hint It's still not too late to get in.

[11:21] Speaker 0: But knowing where to start can leave your head spinning. And most people teaching how to start online courses, haven't had success themselves. Or teach something that's way too complicated that requires you to have a ton of money to get started, and is too difficult to begin with. The other unfortunate truth is because it's so easy to get into this industry. It's also easy to release crappy products that nobody really wants.

[20:30] Speaker 0: Which makes it difficult to know who's worth learning from and who's not. That all changes this week. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and after being tired of seeing people being taught

[25:29] Speaker 0: bad information that doesn't really work. Or getting too overwhelmed by how complicated most systems are to even get started for a beginner, I decided to pull back the curtain on what we've done to help 1000s of coaches over the years get started. On the right foot, doing the right things from scratch, to create incredible coaching programs that get rave client reviews that people absolutely love to be a part of, say goodbye to crummy me to programs that don't have any heart behind them. And started a group coaching program that you can be proud of. That will also make you a ton of money. At the same time. Knowing what topic to coach on and narrowing down your niche is the number one thing you have to do to be profitable in today's highly competitive coaching and online course market. And you'll also need to know how to deliver results to your clients. So that you get those rave reviews and case studies.

[49:32] Speaker 0: And get very few complaints, if any, like we do in our business. In the last nine months, my wife and I have made over $700,000 with our coaching business

[53:52] Speaker 0: without a single complaint, or chargeback on any of our programs. Simply put, people love what they get from us and our clients love the results that they get by following our system and starting a coaching business from scratch the right way. Now with artificial intelligence becoming the standard. What used to take us years of difficult and expensive market research can be done for free and less than 30 minutes using chat CPT. Again, this isn't about creating artificial intelligence generated courses or coaching training. This is about using the AI to tell you what to market, how to market it, how to sell to your clients and what topics to teach on that will attract the best buyers while simultaneously delivering world class results at the same time

[81:11] Speaker 0: Prior to chat GBT coming out. We did this process manually. And we're very successful with it. For years now we've been able to shrink the process down. That used to take us months

[86:48] Speaker 0: of research and testing and I'm going to show it to you in an afternoon

