Mastering Zoom for Coaches - Lesson 1
Date: 2023-11-29T19:02:10.000Z
Duration: 46 min
Otter ID: vG9ckroGFTTxpxUPxek_VSVY-eg
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, everyone, thanks for joining this class all about using zoom, I'm excited to help you with this zoom is one of the number one tools for your coaching business. And, you know, we have used it pretty much since they became a company, we were using a previous tool before this, that was not easy to use. And so then zoom popped on the scene really as one of the easiest to use tools that's out there to accomplish what we're trying to accomplish. There are other platforms as far as streaming video, connecting with people and things like that that are out there. But they don't necessarily have all the features that Zoom offers at the price that Zoom offers. And I personally would not recommend using any other platform other than zoom for doing a lot of this, you know, I find that this the complexity of trying to figure out all these other types of platforms can kind of be very, it can be a waste of time, it can be a distraction, it can be a lot of that. And so zoom, keeps things simple. As far as this goes, Okay, I'm not going to cover or touch on any other platforms that exist out there, it's just there, they're not worth, they're not worth using, I guess an alternative would be Google meeting. But like you have no control over who gets to go on. You can't control like the platform. And so really, as a coach, as a course creator, as a mentor, when we're using zoom, you want to be able to bring people up, have them raise their hand, have them be able to ask questions, have them be able to come on screen with you be able to share your screen, and it all be very easy to use in one place. Now, here's the cool part about zoom for most people, you can use the base level of zoom. And if we take a look at their website here, they have added a lot of features. And I'm going to show you kind of why that is and what happened with Zoom. So zoom really was a product that almost nobody knew about. barely anybody we started using it back in 2012. You can see the company was founded in 2011. They became publicly traded, and I want to show you this chart here. There's a reason for this chart. This is when COVID-19 happened, they became public the year before COVID happened. And I mean, there are people who got really rich investing in this stock right here. As soon as COVID happened, they like bought in, boom, like a lot of money. Okay? The stock has dropped down to really it's more normal rate right here. But it was just because you know, the world was looking like, Okay, everybody is going to be connected. And zoom is how we connect and all that. And to be honest, they are still the best platform for doing that, you know, there again, Microsoft Teams exists, tried to create a kind of an alternative to this Microsoft Teams video conferencing, Slack. And I just, I don't recommend using those if you're a business owner for coaching, because zoom really is the best platform to use as far as connecting and creating easy to use experiences with people. Okay. So when you create a Zoom account, here's where I think the complexity comes in as they have all these different products and you're like, Oh my God, what do I use? I get it. I totally get it. Everybody basically has to get a zoom one account. Okay. So like even if you want to use Zoom events for webinars, if you want to use Zoom spaces, you still need a zoom one account. Okay? So if we go under plans and pricing, I'm going to keep this really simple for you on like how to actually sign up for zoom. You'll notice it defaults to zoom one, and you can go here under personal, they do have a free personal account that allows for meetings up to 40 minutes 100 attendees. Honestly, I know a lot of people that have used this successfully the problem is the limited meeting of 40 minutes can affect that as far as far as that goes. And so just keep that in mind. If you go over to business here, you can see you can bump up to where you have 300 attendees per meeting as far as that goes, Okay, and so you got these like different features and obviously the price is incredible as far as what you get if you if you buy this monthly $15 a month for pro 100 people in a meeting $20 For for business for 300 people. Okay, so everybody basically needs to sign up for a zoom one account. Again, you can start with the free one. To learn the ropes of how a zoom works. Just understand once your meeting hits 40 minutes you're done. Okay. So that's kind of weird. If you're doing like a 90 Minute Webinar. i They came up with that number 40 Minutes, I think because most people that are actually using it for any purpose are probably wanting to do at least an hour to an hour and a half. And so 40 minutes is cool to try it out. But it's not practical. And so everybody, either pro or business right here, it's only a $4 difference. I actually have a pro account right here, I'll probably upgrade to this business account, because I didn't even notice this. For 300 participants, they just added that. So that's really cool, that they just added this feature for 300 participants, they have all these AI companions and all that, honestly, I cut my teeth on Zoom without any of those bells and whistles. And I don't use them very much at all. For anything, I know this one seems to have captions and things like that. I mean, my goodness, that's pretty cool. But again, I've not used any of those levels. So I keep it simple. I have this level right here, the pro version, and I pay monthly, I don't pay annually, if you pay annually, you'll get a little bit of a discount. So the annual fee for the whole year, I think comes out to oh, what's that come out to that comes out to 150 bucks for the year. As far as that goes. And you can see they have different add ons, it'll throw in captions, scheduler, things like that, again, this is where it can kind of get confusing that they're doing this, one thing that I do have as an add on is I have cloud storage, and I have a higher level of that, to where the Cloud Storage is really storing a lot of hours for me. So I have like 100 Gig cloud storage for 40 bucks a month. So that it it records every zoom session that I have automatically to the cloud, if you don't have that, it'll go on your local computer. And if you have kind of a slower computer, that can be a little bit of a challenge. But we'll we'll show you how to do that. Basically the files go into your documents folder on your computer, if you're recording, it should only record locally, and then you have to upload them online. But if you're doing as many zoom calls, as I do, Monday, maybe we do a q&a, we do this, we'll do a five day event all of that, it gets to be so tedious to have to upload the files every time. And so 40 bucks a month versus the time of me having to remember and I kept forgetting to upload the files too. And so that's been created stress for me, oh my god, I losing $40 A month well, yeah, but I was losing my brain trying to remember to do it. So it was worth it for me to actually upgrade to that, that higher level to save me the effort of doing that. And honestly, they're they're a for profit, publicly traded company, they, their add ons are strategically designed, the people that are actually using the platform are going to end up paying around 100 to $150 a month, the more you start to use it, I guess, if you're using at the level that we do. And I think that it's perfectly reasonable at that level for what they provide as far as the features go. But for most of y'all starting out, you don't need that, you can literally just start with this $15 a month level, keep it real simple, they have at least five gigs of cloud storage, which is nice. Five gigs of cloud storage basically means it can record like one session at a time for you, maybe one or two sessions, and then you got to download them. So it's it, it provides you with what you need without adding a lot of bells and whistles. So this is what I would sign up for right here is the is this pro version, you can pay either monthly or yearly. They're super easy to cancel. They're not like this crazy company that's going to try to convince you Oh, you need to stay on yada, yada, all these hoops that you need to jump through, let me move my screen right here. So you can kind of see this. So you go here, you put in your information, they want to know kind of your age range helps with their marketing, your address, payment method, Place Order, and now you have a Zoom account. And so that's how you sign up and you can find zoom over@zoom.us. Okay, so anybody who's signing up, wanting to use it for their business, the baseline level is going to be that Zoom one account. And generally it's going to be that pro version that I just showed you right there. But a free account is also super easy to sign up for and start to play around with it does most of the same stuff. All these little pop ups here. One thing I want to train you if you're watching this, these companies make money by grabbing your attention with add ons and things like this 99% of them you don't need Okay, so again, it says now across all platforms are trying to get you to use it but

[156:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: they can be big distractions to try to learn all of this stuff. Keep it simple. Keep it simple. You will go crazy trying to learn every feature of any software platform that's out there. don't just learn what you need to to be able to run your business. That's all you need to learn, sit. And zoom is is is a great example of that there are features in zoom, I have no clue how they work. And I'm probably never gonna learn, because I'm probably never gonna use them. Okay, so like take that from me to apply even to your business as well and understand that so you want to sign up again for one of these accounts right here. What are all these other different levels? Again, I have a zoom webinars account right here for 500 attendees, and we have it's billed monthly right here, Zoom webinars 500 attendees billed monthly $79 a month. Okay. So that allows us for 500 people to be on a webinar with me. If you want to do pre recorded zoom sessions, things like that, up to 500. They require you to pay annually or per attendee, it looks like per 50 attendees, it's 100 bucks. If I go 600 attendees, per 100 attendees, it's $180. Not too bad. That's pretty cool. And then they'll bill you for that. So zoom sessions and zoom events, what's the difference between the Zoom webinars is, this is where it can get a little bit confusing. And I understand that is they have this whole feature set down here. Okay, so I'm going to explain the difference between the Zoom webinars. So again, you need to have zoom one, you need to have a zoom one license. So you can't even use Zoom webinars or Zoom events or Zoom sessions without having zoom one. So understand that that's the first level right there. Then what this allows you to do is it allows you to do events, it has different production tools, it has Event Hubs, you can even schedule a pre recorded video called Site simul live, where you don't actually have to be live on it. And you can actually broadcast a recorded session using Zoom sessions or Zoom events. Okay, so let's explain kind of the difference between these two. And we're gonna go through in this in this course, how you use all the features, all of that, but I'm just kind of breaking down the pricing and kind of the bird's eye view as you're kind of getting into it to kind of explain all this to you. Okay. Zoom the way that I think about it, okay. And some of you are like, Wait, you didn't cover everything. Okay, listen, look at see all these different levels here. Zoom rooms, I don't know what zoom rooms is. I don't use it. It's, it's more expensive than I want to pay zoom rooms. Okay, 50 bucks. What's the point of it? I guess there are breakout rooms that you can use if you want to have like a session and you have breakout rooms with other trainers, things like that. That might be an advantage if you're having like a seminar and you got little breakout rooms and stuff like that. We don't use that Zoom contact center. This would be like a customer service type thing. I don't use that Zoom whiteboard. I think it generally comes with the zoom your your Zoom account. I don't know it's editable whiteboards that you get to use it adds on to your Zoom account that's kind of a cool feature. I'll look at zoom whiteboard basic included with Zoom one again, I've used whiteboard basic look at most of the features of whiteboard basic are already included with the regular account. So if you want to go pro and it's got all these like, okay, you can lock the whiteboard, you can share them. You can have cloud cards. Okay, that's what these upgraded whiteboards are. So those are all these little different features zoom phone what is zoom phone it's a phone line system they give you like outbound inbound calling again. If you want to do business phone line two ways that I recommend I use Google Voice for my business phone line. Google Voice they give you a phone number it's a it's a it's on a business line. You know if you go to my Instagram right here there's a phone number at the bottom of my website if you go to my Instagram there's a phone number as well. That's my Google voice phone number. It still goes to me but it's a Google Voice number is what it is so I use that for grasshopper is one if you want like a full on like customer service voice number where people can kind of you know to access billing press one to access this press two. So grasshopper is one that that we've used as far as phone number stuff. So again, okay, why am I talking about this right now some of y'all like get back to the point you were talking about zoom. I understand. Some of y'all are wondering. Do Do you want to use Zoom phone? Grasshopper, Google Voice is going to be what you're going to want to use. So again, the only two things that I use that I recommend, and I don't think any of y'all need to use any other features of zoom are for these purposes. Zoom meeting. And zoom. webinar. Okay, so all that complexity that we just saw on their website really only breaks down to two things. That's it. That's all you got to worry about. And that's where I think some people might get stuck is they're wondering that, so Zoom meeting, they have renamed it as zoom one. That's that 15 $99 level right there. Zoom webinar is that one where you can have 500 people on you can pay per attendee, and that that pricing ranges from $79. Up to you know, we've had like, 1000 member like people on a webinar that can be like, 900 for a month, like, Oh, my God, why would you pay 900, we'll check this out. If you do a live event, you're charging for it, per ticket, you got 1000 people that are joining you, or 2000 have registered and maybe 1000 will join $900 A month is not expensive to accommodate that large of a group of people, your business will be making so much money by the time that you're at that stage that you need to accommodate that, okay. So understand, I only in my business use this the $79 level for webinars, what's the difference between these two, we're going to break down in the next, the next lesson, how you can use them, how you set them up all of that. We're just kind of showing you an overview of the account, actually, we'll probably go over setting up maybe a little bit in this lesson. The difference is this. And this is a very important distinction to understand, it's really the only thing you have to understand between the difference of the two zoom one and if we call it a Zoom meeting, because that's how they make you. They make you schedule it. So like let me go into my Zoom account right here. And I'm going to show you basically on the back end here. We have home profile, and then we have meetings and webinars. So they're still using the term meeting in here. And even in the Zoom one account, it is included in your plan, meetings, meetings, okay. But we also have webinars that we can do, what is the difference? A Zoom meeting, a Zoom meeting is where everybody is on the screen at the same time. That's the difference. Everybody is up, they can see everybody's names. They can chat with everybody. Now you as the moderator can block this feature, you can hide their cameras. And this is why for those of you that are starting out, and maybe you're doing a webinar, you can use just regular Zoom meeting to do this. You can use the regular meeting functionality or even the $20 a month version that has 300 attendees, and then you just hide everybody, you just hide their faces, you mute all of them. That would be a great way that you can save some money as far as that goes. Okay. The difference is in zoom webinar, it gives you a little bit more of that perceived authority to where when you run a zoom webinar, the difference is you have total control over what people see.

[305:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's it really is two different applications is what they were designed for. So Zoom meeting was designed for companies to meet as if they're in a boardroom together as if they're together. This is about connection. Okay. I host our live calls on Monday in Zoom meeting. I host all of our VIP Q and A's in Zoom meeting. I host our webinars in zoom webinar. Okay. And there's a few ways that you can use some features like OBS to be able to broadcast a pre recorded webinar and a zoom webinar that can save you some money as far as that goes. It's a little bit easier. Here's what you're going to find by the way. Online. Some of y'all are like balking at price on certain things and you're like oh my gosh, things are so expensive. Here is the rule of thumb when it comes to pricing on everything on the internet. Ease of use Who's making it easier for you is always going to cost you more money. DIY with duct tape together, strategies will be cheaper. So what I find is people are at this crossroads of oh my god, it's so complicated, it's so hard. Well, here's the thing. Are you trying to be cheap? Are you trying to save money? Are you trying to do the least amount of like paid leads, and then some of y'all are like, I don't have a budget to pay more than that. Okay, so understand that, if that's where you're at, then you're gonna have to make do with what you can afford. The increase in price adds features with any software that's out there. And they usually find the most. They these companies are designed to make a profit. They design all of the features that save you time and make things easier to have a fee for them. They are strategically designed to do that, because that's how they make their most amount of money. I don't hate them for that. That is the responsibility of their company as a business to be able to do that. Okay, so understand this, if you're if you're watching this right now, and I just want to mention this, because this has come up a few times in some of our trainings. And don't want to pay for that, why would I pay bla bla bla bla? Well, do you want to make things a little bit easier, then you're going to have to pay for something. But I don't want to do that great, then you're gonna have to use the slightly harder version. There's, there's no alternatives really to that in the world, unless competitors pop up. And then that's what ends up happening. Competitors pop up, they got cheaper products, they have things like that. Welcome to capitalism. Welcome to the business world as a whole. Alright. So that was just a little bit of like, lesson on capitalism, for those of y'all that maybe don't understand that side of it. As business owners, you have to understand capitalism, because that's what you are also doing with your clients. And I would say one of the biggest things that stops people from succeeding is when they're super penny pinching. And then they attract penny pinching clients, because they attract who's like that. So understand that some of these features. You know, in my business, when I actually started paying for some of the features that made things easier, for me, instead of banging my head against the wall, trying to do it the hard way, my profit margins went up. Because I started also attracting people that were willing to actually pay me for what I do, instead of being penny pinchers themselves, trying to get everything for free, trying to get everything on the cheap. Okay. So again, maybe you're like Jeremiah, I didn't ask for that. This is the lesson on Zoom, I get it. But it's important, I think right now is a great time to share that with you. You're in this coaching program right now for a reason, because you want to grow a business, because you want to make a significant amount of money in your business. Because you want to be able to take where you're at in your business and go to the next level. So I would be doing a disservice to this entire group, to just quote unquote, stay on track and not talk about this stuff. And if that offends or upsets anybody, I apologize. But that's, that's what you signed up for here. That's what exists here is we're elevating you to the highest level of being able to make the most amount of money in your business. Okay. And so we're calling you up to that higher level. So understand, if you want to keep things a little bit more complicated. It'll be cheaper. If you want to pay a little bit more for stuff, it can be a little bit easier. Okay. I understand that. Why do I say that because there's a, there's a course in our members area, where I break down and we'll touch on it as well, in this one. I will also I will also reteach it, I will teach it later in this one. automated marketing secrets where I break down how to run a pre recorded webinar in zoom, it's a bit complicated the way that I show it in here, we're going to show you the easy way because there's a brand new easy way, but it costs a little bit more. And we'll show you the harder way. Lesson three right here, automating your live stream through zoom. This is where I break down how to actually use Zoom to take a pre recorded video and run it through zoom and be able to do that. So actually walk you through that process in here actually walk you through that process in this course as to how we do that. Okay, and so that can save you quite a bit of money too. If you learn how to do it that way. It's a little bit more complicated, of course, under understand that it's a little bit more complicated to be able to do that. But it can save you an enormous amount of time, energy struggle, things like that. Trying to get this stuff working, trying to get this stuff going for you to be able to, to learn how to automate it is what I'm saying, okay? So you can either pay the higher price, and there's some automated features, or you can do it the cheap way with some of the technology that you might have to learn. That's just, that's the reality of it. This course right here, automated marketing secrets breaks down a lot of the ways that you can automate your webinars that you can automate your events and stuff like that, we will also break that down specifically, with using zoom as it pertains to zoom in one of the later lessons of this course right here. Okay. So the last thing I'm going to show you here is just kind of a little bit of the back end here. Once you sign up the back end of your account, I've been a member of my own Zoom account since 2017. But gosh, let me let me just show you here. This, this would be great just for kind of old time sake. This is my mom's Zoom account. Oh, it's sending a code, you know, yeah, let's enter the code there. Anyways, if we log into my mom's Zoom account, I'm pretty sure it says since like, 2012. So we've had, we've had a Zoom account for like 12 years. As far as that goes, we've used it and has made our business a ton of money. That's why I'm a huge proponent of using it. Okay, so sign up for an account, at least get a zoom one account, at least get the free one, play around with it, you can do a lot with the free one, you can do Q and A's you can you can do stuff like that, you have an unlimited amount of time that you can do with the paid one for 15 bucks. And so this is where it goes in once you have an account like this. You can add different features to your account, let's go let's just go show that to you. This, this is where this is I totally get it. This is kind of a complicated back end. This is kind of a complicated admin panel. So we're gonna break down the admin panel for you here. Not necessarily all the features of the admin panel. But I'm going to give you an overview. That's really what this lesson is, is giving you an overview here. So home gives you an added glance view. And again, this could change in a year they they zooms back in hasn't changed that much over the years, they've made it better and easier to use, I would say over the years. So this is where if you scroll down, you'll see discover other products. So I have zoom webinars right here, up to 10,000 attendees with webinar mode. That's this mode right here. So you can see, in my plan, I have zoom one. That is the $15 month level right there. You know, I may I think I'm gonna upgrade to the $20 level just because I think that that's cool. Three, gives me 300 attendees instead of 100. Then I have zoom webinars 500 attendee mode, so I can run, I could register up to 1000 people for a webinar and run it on this mode. Because about 50% Max will show up live. And that's what I would do with this right here. So that's 70 bucks a month right there. And then I have my cloud storage 200 gigs right there. So estimated monthly fees, I pay about 134 bucks a month. So they have all these different like add ons and stuff like that, sure, you can add large meetings. You can add different features and stuff like that different webinar modes. We could go into adding we could we could upgrade to we could add let's see edit the plan. I don't want to cancel it save a bunch scheduled. But if we edit the plan, I could go in here and I could up the amount of attendees that I want to have. I just want to do it for one month with 1000 attendees. Oh my God, why does the price go up four times? That's extortion. No, it's not.

[465:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because at that point, they know that their target customer needs that level of people in there 10,000 attendees $6,000 a month. But you would only use it maybe for like one month at that level. If you got 10,000 attendees, you better be making more than seven grand off of that. Okay. So that's where that's where that is right there. The way that you actually get there to kind of adjust your plan and do that. You can go under plans and billing, Plan Management. And this is where you can kind of add different products and features and things like that to it as far as this goes. Let me see if I click on webinars here, let's click Add. See, I already have webinars so I don't know why it's trying to get me to add it again. But let's say I wanted to go to a different To plan, let's go under Billing management right here. It's my old address, payment history. app marketplace. So this is where, yeah, so they have all these different apps that connect with it again, I have not necessarily learned how all these different apps work. They're different features that you can add to it. See account management, webinars settings, just look at you can add, like all these different webinars, settings and things like this. And here, there's reports, download attendee reports. You can do surveys. meeting summary, by the way, yeah, if you want to know who's attending your webinar, I need to actually download this and build a look alike audience of who attended all my live webinars and make that a look alike audience of just who attended. I think that now that we've ran enough of them, I think that that would be great. Again, a lot of this, I don't even necessarily know how it works. I don't have to, I just use the features that worked best for me as far as this goes. So let's see zoom one. Webinars. If I wanted to add they have another one. It's called Zoom events right here. This is where if I wanted to buy zoom sessions billed monthly or billed per attendee right here, let's say 100 attendees, I would click

[510:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would click by now right here. And then this would add it to my account a zoom sessions per attendee account right here. So again, the terms the total number of attendees that can attend in a 12 month period, and the overages will be invoiced per attendee, or you can pay more. Okay. So again, 100 attendees in a year. Now, if I want to bump it up to 600 attendees, you they usually I think they usually probably make up the difference on that. So that's why again, that can get a little bit pricey. And that's, again, why I use OBS, a little bit more technical way to do it to broadcast because $80 a month versus spending $1,000 is a little more approachable set of having to pay for the whole year in advance at at a rate of $3,000. I can pay monthly for webinars and have up to 500 people on them. Okay, so that's the mode that I use. That's the mode that we use. And then I use OBS to broadcast it, because it really does get it does get very pricey to do it the simpler way. But we'll walk you through that here in this training will walk you through the different methodologies of doing this. So that's how you would upgrade to that, because it's like, on the back end here. I don't see any feature to actually upgrade my webinars account to a sessions account. So I found that by actually going into plans and pricing, gosh, if only these businesses would just make it easier for you to sign up for stuff, right? Well, unfortunately, that's why they run their business and you run yours, they get to decide how they want to run things. See, if you're signing up for these different features and things like that, plans and pricing, we'll do that the modes that I use, and the modes that we use are I just use a pro zoom one account. And I use Zoom, webinars 500 attendee billed monthly. Notice as soon as I clicked on billed monthly, it went from look at this is confusing 500 billed monthly went back 200. So I gotta click on 500 together. And that's up to 500 people on a webinar with me as far as that goes. For, again, for most of y'all pricing wise, paying 20 bucks a month, you can have up to 300 people in your meeting, just understand that if you're doing meeting mode, everybody can see who's on the meeting. They can all chat with each other. They can all raise their hand, they can all ask questions unless you block that feature, unless you hide their camera unless you turn off the camera and things like that. So again, for most people, if you're really wanting to do a lot of like price savings, that's going to be the mode that you're gonna use. That's what most people use, until they start to get a little bit more profitable then then we start going into more of these automated modes right this this is why Look at the like the pricing on this for automated webinars. This is why just kind of back to the course over here, the automated marketing secrets course. This is why there exists other platforms that we actually show you how to use for automated webinars. And most people don't use Zoom for automated webinars, they use either webinar fuel ever webinar or something like Stealth Seminar. So like, for instance, ever webinar is for pre recorded webinars. It's $100 a year, or $500 for the year, and you get unlimited access to do recorded webinars that's a little bit pricey. Now, it's also not my favorite platform webinar, fuel, I think is the best balance of price and ease of use and features in that they actually create an app like zoom that you can access to automate a webinar. So again, this isn't zoom. But it acts like zoom, if you want to do pre recorded webinars, it doesn't work with Zoom, they don't connect together. But pricing on this, if you're comparing monthly is $200 a month right here. For this feature right there, they used to have a $50 month plan, they have definitely gone up in price as far as that goes. Why? Because people make money with this stuff, and they gotta make money. And these are all businesses that are making money. Here's another one. What's another one that I liked? Stealth Seminar right here. And again, this is mostly for like pre recorded type stuff. Stealth Seminar. This is for broadcasting pre recorded webinars. It's funny they have like they make you actually go through a webinar to get access. I don't know if I like that. There's another one that's out there too, that can kind of do do something. What does that I type in pre recorded webinar. Automated Webinars, you can always to webinars through stream yard into a Facebook group. Again, the automated marketing secrets course breaks a lot of this down for how to use all these other platforms. If you're wanting to learn how to use pre recorded webinars, Lesson three and four is going to be your ticket to really learning like how to do that, in this course, the automated marketing secrets course, for this course right here, we're just focusing on Zoom. Because a lot of y'all want to learn how to do it. And at $20 a month, you get a lot of great features with just the meeting mode. As far as this goes, Okay, so we'll break down like how all of that works, all the differences between meeting versus webinar and stuff like that here in in probably the next session. Okay. So again, if I go back to my back end here, I can manage my plan, I can manage my billing, I see under home, it shows an added glance view. Then we go under profile right here. This is my name, my timezone, my personal meeting ID, this is my license that I have in zoom. Yeah, the 500 attendee mode of webinars, this is the one that I use are connected with Gmail, I create a Google Calendar link, it will actually automatically create me zoom links. If I create a if somebody scheduled something in Calendly with me, it will automatically create zoom links, which is super cool. So like if somebody is scheduling an event with me and Calendly, it automatically creates a zoom link for those types of events, the Zoom meeting, okay, so now under meetings right here, you got upcoming previous Personal Room and you can create meeting templates. This is where you go in and you can actually schedule a meeting. We're going to break this down in another lesson. This also shows you any that are scheduled out right here. And then this is any scheduled webinars that we have these are different just webinars that I'm doing on Saturday webinars. Okay. For the rest of this recordings is right here. This is where we find the recordings I ended up I gave access to log into here to my VA in the Philippines. And what they do is they actually login after I do a session they log in. They grab the recording right here, it's one and a half gigabytes, and then they go in for me and upload it to Thinkific so they're actually uploading that file for me. I have an integration connected to otter AI right here that transcribes every Zoom meeting that I have. So I'm automatically transcribing it into otter AI. So that I can use that to analyze the questions that people asked. We can rate notes and things like that very easily. As far as that goes, you can use Zoom to record your courses if you want to, because it has the feature to share your screen and stuff like that. I personally use OBS to do that. Should we create a course on OBS, maybe in the future, I use maybe like three features of OBS. That's about it. And we'll probably break most of those down for you in this program. We break them down as well in the automated marketing secrets course, if you want to learn how to use OBS zoom, YouTube has a lot of great trainings on this OBS if you type it into YouTube, OBS is a video broadcasting platform, OBS Studio. It's a it's a free video broadcasting platform to like record video files. That's how I record this content. And you can stream it into zoom. If you're wanting to take a pre recorded session, you have to actually run it on your computer or you can run it on the cloud computer, but you can send it from the computer into zoom. And that's how we actually broadcast with webinar mode. pre recorded webinars is this way. If they're being broadcast into a Facebook group, I might schedule it through a platform like restream. If we're in zoom, I can broadcast from zoom into restream. And that can go into C connect to zoom right here. And it can go into all the different Facebook groups that we have right here. will break down all of that, all of how you set all that up. I'm just giving you the bird's eye view of what we're going to be going over here today.

[668:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is the bird's eye view of what we're going to be breaking down so recordings is right here. You can look at recording analytics looks like they have these AI meeting summaries. Again, I haven't played around with this at all. I'm not sure I even like it because of my AI workflow. So clips, let's see, I can create a clip off of our zoom meetings I've not played with clips, that's gonna open up zoom meetings to do this. And we'll play around with that later, I'm not going to play around with that right now. scheduler allows you to set up to where you could like, looks like have people scheduled sessions with you got to buy that feature that's kind of like Calendly. And then reports. So really, the only panels that I use, as far as in zoom goes is we might play around with some of these advanced integrations. We might use a C user or device management or workspace management to set up different settings for our zoom meetings, webinars, settings, recording management, clip management, Account Settings. Yeah, this is where you can set up like a waiting room, what you want the passcode to be all of that, stuff like that. So we'll break that down in another lesson where we're really going to break down all of those different types of features. I know we've kind of covered a lot here. You can even put a tracking pixel allows you to add a tracking pixel to the registration. That's cool. I didn't even know I could do that. What that's awesome, I can add the Facebook pixel to the webinar and automatically track it if they sign up. Very cool. Like I said, they're adding new features all the time to this. So this can get really confusing if you dive into these admin features. Again, leave the default settings, we'll go over some of these the ones that you're going to want to change and things like that later. For cloud recording, I set some of those settings to help us automate some of the cloud recording. If we're broadcasting say in Zoom meeting into another log onto another platform, we might make some changes to our settings in there as well. Recordings is where you go to find your recordings. You can host surveys on your Zoom meeting right here. And then meetings and webinars is where you actually schedule the meeting and you've scheduled the webinar. And then that gives you the links that you can use to actually broadcast them out to people. So again, that's an overview of the platform. I know maybe it seems like oh my gosh, that's so complicated. It's it's not it's very simple. It's very easy. The stuff that you want to focus on over here. Keep it simple. Do what you can understand. Do what connects with you Some of you all just want to learn how do you actually use the zoom platform? Well, it starts with learning how to create an account, we'll break down all the features of actually using the platform actually using it to host meetings, and things like that, and one of the next lessons that we're hosting. But these are really the only kind of two features that I ever use Zoom webinars Zoom meeting. And this will only ever cost you between 16 to $20 a month right here. And you can host up to 300 people in so that's pretty cool. You could even do a pre recorded webinar, hide all the screens, hosted in Zoom meeting, and you're still able to save a lot of money that way, which is, which is awesome. So Zoom is a great, great app, sign up for an account, that's gonna be your kind of your first step right here. And then we'll go into the next lesson. And we'll break down how to actually use some of the features, how to set up your meeting, how to run it, how to host it, what are some of the admin settings that you maybe want to make sure of, if you're streaming into a Facebook group, if you're going live into restream, things like that will break all that down for you. How do you host a pre recorded event that's coming in the next couple of lessons will actually step by step break that down for you? This is just kind of been an overview. There's just been a bird's eye view of everything. And then we'll break down the features. Next. All right, have a good one.

