MAY 2: Start A 6-Figure Group Coaching Business From Scratch
Date: 2023-05-02T20:50:36.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: JnoG9yGsIM1lzNBcLO2uUW72zKA
---

[19:47] Speaker 0: Back, back. Back, back, cars back

[145:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, hey, what's up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome Today we're on live. This is awesome. Let's close out the timer here. Let's bring the music down lips, where's the music? It is gonna pause it there we go. Woof. You know, I probably shouldn't be the one doing all my tech stuff because I just messed it up all the time. I'm not super. I used to be really savvy with the technical stuff and now it's now that I spend a lot of my time coaching and stuff like that. I'm not super tech savvy anymore. But I do it simple right and I do it I do it simple. I use a YouTube video to do the timer. I got a website with some royalty free music that I play for our intros. So If anything that's encouraging to you, that you don't need everything to be super perfect or polished or anything like that, in order to reach your goals as a coach online, and that's one of the limiting beliefs that I find that a lot of coaches have is that there's this level of perfection that they have to reach in order to be successful. I've worked in this industry for 20 years, helped 1000s of coaches, start their businesses. And without question, you do not need everything to be perfect in order to be successful. If you want it to be, that's fine. You can, if that's your personality, I'm a recovering perfectionist or what I call myself. And so that's why sometimes when stuff doesn't go perfectly, gets me a little little agitated and stuff like that. But I can recover. So anyways, welcome. Thanks for being here. I'm excited that you're on here live with me. Today is the let's pull up the screen here. Today is the start a six figure group coaching business from scratch. Live zoom training, okay? If you are an aspiring coach, speaker, trainer mentor who wants to make 20 to $40,000 a month, in a highly profitable group coaching program. Even if you lack a bunch of tech skills don't have a bunch of time, right I got a newborn baby, I don't have much time. And don't have a huge following actually started without a huge following Most of the clients we work with, start with zero, and end up making multiple six figures from this, okay. Specifically, this is for people that want to make a significant income 250 to $500,000 a year is the goal. And I'm just going to be honest with you straight up coming coming out the gate here, if your goal is not to make six figures, and you just want to make a coaching program, and help a lot of people, which is amazing, and incredible. Um, I'm probably not the best person to learn from specifically, let me explain why my skill set that people come to me for is how to make a ridiculous amount of money in their coaching businesses. And so impact, hugely important, hugely important to produce results, to have case studies. We have tons of successful client case studies. But at the end of the day, I help people from the business perspective on how to make six figures how to go from virtual obscurity. Nobody knows who you are, to using the very best vehicle that I know of today, that exists to generate wealth. Yes, real estate is probably a better vehicle overall. But it needs capital to start. You don't need a whole bunch of capital to build a coaching and course business. And what's cool is, it's in my experience, one of the best ways for people to change their family's financial future with very little startup cost. But it is a challenge you are going to have to challenge certain beliefs, you're going to have to challenge how you've looked at the world. If you come from corporate America, you're going to have to challenge certain things that have been taught to you over time. And for those of you who have never heard from me before, maybe you're saying you know who is this guy, Jeremiah? Why should I listen to you? Well, I have been in the coaching, speaking mentoring industry. And to be honest, I'm not the world's most polished speaker. I, I do think that I have a lot of great information. But I if you're comparing like, wow, world class speaker, I'm probably going to be at the bottom of that list. As far as, like the skill of speaking. But when it comes to content, I know that it delivers value in that it delivers results for the people that we work with. And so I want to just encourage you, you don't have to be a world class renowned, like like, like a Tony Robbins or a Grant Cardone. Or, for those of you that know my mom's Sandy Krakowskie. You don't need to be at that level to make multiple six figures in a coaching business. You just have to learn a few simple things on how to communicate your value and how you help people simply and then find the people that need what you want. So for those of you who don't know who I am, I've been in this business for 20 years. I got my start 20 years ago working for a company lady. Her name is Danny Johnson personal development training company, okay. And they sold coaching and so seminars 20 years ago DVDs and CDs in fact, you can still buy from their website, DVD CD products, the actually digital products now that I worked on, I helped build the war on debt course they have here and all of this, and I got my start helping put together these courses and training programs for this company that made over $10 million. Probably more than that. I don't know the exact numbers. I know it was over $10,000,000.08 figures. And so I learned like a sponge. I worked for them for years learning all the nuances on how to build a business like this and I took it and I ended up working with my mom, Sandy Krakowski for those, you know, who know who my mom is. And we built this business, a real change.com where we focused on attracting the right clients making more money and living the life of your dreams, how to work five to 10 hours a week, and build a business on the internet that pays you a ridiculous amount of money and we built that business to over $20 million. We've generated close to nine figures in that business overall over the years combined. Okay. So my mom and I together, built that business very successfully. And in 2018, I went off on my own started my own consulting company to take everything that I have learned to help other coaches, speakers, trainers and mentors, build their businesses and one of our clients we ended up really spending a lot of time with was Rick Pino with the worship coach program. Okay, so his goal was to teach the heart and art of worship music, songwriting make, you see the guy with the guitar right here. The people who want to become the next Maverick city elevation music carry, like some of you might know some of these names, they would come and learn from worship coach how to do this. And we built this business with Rick Pitino to over a million dollars a month in the music and songwriting coaching space. And then in the last, oh, I would say, seven months. In my own business, I pivoted away from working pretty much full time with Rick during that time, to my own group coaching business went full time into getting clients in my coaching business to help people scale their business. And we have a coaching program called the client growth accelerator. It's a group coaching program, the doors are not open to it, but you can join the waiting list where I help coaches, trainers, speakers, and mentors scale their businesses to six and seven figures. Okay.

[286:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so we've scaled that business $650,000 in sales in the last seven months. And we're on track to make seven figures this year. Now I say those numbers to you just to just to validate that this system works, that I have applied it in my own life, that it has worked for companies that I've co built alongside founders, and and not to take anything away from them. They've actually my mom and Rick Pino actually have given me permission to take full ownership of the fact that I helped build those companies from the ground up right alongside them, which is awesome. And that's my track record is helping trainers, coaches, speakers and mentors make multiple six figures online another one of our clients that we've worked with Georgie and ban off, he's a speaker, Teacher and Author. We helped him build his online coaching business to multiple six figures, actually, I think it's seven figures now and his online school that he has, and so I've been doing this a while. But this isn't about me. I just I gotta get that out of the way so that you know that I know what I'm talking about. Because if I don't it's like, you know what, what have you done lately, Jeremiah? What have I done lately is we have scaled our coaching business $650,000 in the last seven months, and we are helping coaches, trainers and mentors like yourself, make multiple six figures in their businesses like Emma Dixon here. She spent 693 pounds on her first campaign using our system in paid advertising, brought in $9,500 in revenue. We were less stressed and helped more people while working less with Jeremiah's efforts, methods. This system works I put in $650 in ADS brought in 15,000 in sales. I'm making over six figures monthly with my classes using the training that Jeremiah goes he helped us build a store Long six figure coaching program, the first month working with him. Plus, we have other clients that we've worked with 12,000 a month in profit 37,000. I'm just showing you this because a lot of people claim to be able to help beginners. And they don't know what it takes to help somebody go from zero virtual obscurity to making six figures in this business. And so I'm going to walk you through that process here today. We've had a number of questions and comments come in from people asking, Okay, can you show me the technical aspects of marketing? Can you show me how to hold people accountable? Can you show me how to be a world class coach? Can you show me how to be the best trainer on the planet that gets people to do what I say? And I don't need to struggle anymore? Can you show me how to have more impact? And can you show me how to market and find the right paying clients? And so my goal My mission today is, that's a lot of stuff. But I want to at least show you and answer those questions for you. To help you. Okay. We utilize a system that uses Internet marketing, social media, paid advertising, which by the way, we teach a system that uses paid advertising. So realize that if you don't want to use paid advertising, this system is probably not going to work for you. Okay, and we use it to go find the right people who are meant to work with us and close sales in our coaching business. How do we do this, we do this by what I call the six step process. Okay? So the six step process is this. This is called the six steps to six figures that I give, and this is straight out of my high level group coaching program the client growth accelerator. Step number one, finding your niche I almost forgot a lot of you asked you want to find your niche. You want to know what topic to coach on how to start, what topic to start with. So there's a number of different aspects with that right. Step number three is actually the technical software. Tech, building out everything, okay, that's actually step number three. Okay. Most beginner coaches usually go for this first, before doing steps number one and two. Step number one and two is you actually write out your program. You, you map it out with an outline, okay. And creating that outline is actually very fast, very quick, very simple. And then what you do is you create the language that actually is going to close sales for your clients. There's a misconception out there in this business. That to be successful. In a coaching business, you need to have all these certifications, you need to have all of these accolades, you need to have case study after case study after case after case after case study. And while that stuff helps, it can help. It's not required. And we utilize a process that I believe is the greatest system for coaching effectively, that actually helps serve people much better than traditional systems would teach you. I've studied all the traditional systems of coaching. And what we've developed is a system that we have used for all of our high level clients that allows you to deliver results about five to 10 times faster than all the other systems out there. And the reason why is this everything that we do everything that we do to build a coaching business and to continue to sell and to continue to be sustainable is based off of what we call the feedback loop. Okay. And the feedback loop is the single most important part let me find a better marker here to the feedback loop is the single most important part of successfully starting a coaching business and country 10 You're going to make money in a coaching business, I see a lot of people out there, they launch their coaching business, they make, you know 10k 20k. And then the next month they flop they only make 500 bucks. So how do you also sustain this, to where you're not just a one hit wonder making that much money, but you consistently make that month after month, after month after month, the feedback loop is how you do so the feedback loop is how you bring your cost of your advertising down by almost 20 times less 1/20, the cost meaning without the feedback loop, you could be spending 30 to $40 per person who comes into your ecosystem, we can get that down to two to $5. us using the feedback loop correctly, the feedback loop is what determines how financially successful your coaching business is. The problem is, with what's taught out there with traditional coaching, training and mentoring. And listen, I'm not I'm not a person who's gonna go out there to bash a Chevy to sell a Ford or to bash a Porsche to sell a Ferrari or to say that anybody is not good, like good. But there's there's a lot of misinformation in the coaching industry. There's a lot of confusing information. And it's not geared towards helping beginners. And it requires a lot of stuff that is very challenging for for beginners to do. Let me let me explain. Traditional coaching and course creation teaches to record all this content, to get certified to get a bunch of case studies by doing free discovery calls to to direct message a bunch of people, and to then get them on the phone with you do a couple of virtual coffees, and then close them as a client in your business. Can Can you like, gag me with a spoon. I do not want to do that. In fact, in the beginning of building this business in 2018, when I stopped working with my mom,

[442:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I tried all that. I tried all the stuff. And the most money that I made was I had a couple of months where I made 2000 bucks. Now you might say wow, two grand, that's amazing. For some of you, that would be incredible. But I But see, I had come from building coaching businesses that have made 10s of millions of dollars. And so to grant I'm kind of like I can do better than that. And our average was about $500 in sales. And it was exhausting. And it was time consuming. And I was selling one off discovery calls and coaching calls and selling a one on one coaching call for 200 bucks here and $300 here and I would get people that didn't like they were disappointed that they didn't get results. And then they would ask for their money back. And then they would complain. And then they would come to me and all this. And I would give it to them because I want to be a person of my word and upright and have integrity and and I was just getting started in my own business. So I wanted to be somebody that stood behind my word, I actually had a money back guarantee, tell everybody listen, if this doesn't work with you, I stand behind everything that I do. In fact, in our group coaching business, most coaches won't do this. In our client growth accelerator, our main group coaching program that we use, contrary to money, advice of some mentors that I've had, I have I offer a 30 day risk free money back satisfaction guarantee to where people can actually try our coaching program when we open the doors to it for 30 days. They don't like it. No questions asked. I don't put them through another sequence and trying to close the sale is by that time. The person is either in or they're out. And if they say hey, I'm not in, gladly, we give the money back because I want to make sure that I work with people that I can get results for that I can create the best case studies for I do not succeed if you don't succeed. Okay? And so it's important to make sure that you're not wasting time that you're not following the systems that everybody says to do out there that's only going to bring in For $2,500 a month, it's gonna take a bunch of discovery calls, or you're gonna have to DM 600 people to get one sale, when you utilize the feedback loop, and the one to many model, okay? The one to many model is where we figure out, okay, this is who we're going to help. This is our potential client right here. This is our niche. And we're going to talk about how to find your niche and all of that here in just a second. I hope this is helping some of you guys, I hope this is already helping. This is your potential client. This is your niche, by the way, a niche is who you help. So we're going to define this as our client niche. When you start out, what you want to do is you want to go out there and find as many people out on the internet, on social media, with paid advertising, that have the same problems. And frustrations as this client niche, now, here's the good news. This does not have to be perfect, right away. All you got to do is be able to identify certain problems and frustrations, and goals. And this is my favorite desires. And so I want you to think about that, as a coach, as a mentor as a speaker, your message, what is marketable to make six figures is when you can find, let's just say 100 People that have the same problem. The same frustration, pretty similar goals, because everybody's goals are different. And pretty similar desires as each other. This defines your niche right here. Now, in the beginning, how are you going to know what these are? Well, that's what the feedback loop is for. And that's why it's important to utilize the feedback loop. But in the beginning, you're not always going to have this data. And so what's really cool is we utilize now the tools that are available to us in the marketplace. To create results utilizing chat GPT maybe you've heard of chat, GBT, the artificial intelligence app that is sweeping the world. Okay, you can get access to the free version by simply signing up for a chat GPT account, I would not recommend any of you not utilize GPT, four GPT. Four is the most advanced algorithm. And currently at the time of this recording, you can get access to the GPT four algorithm for free by going to chat.forefront.ai. Okay. And so chat.forefront.ai allows you to get access to the GPT four algorithm for free to write your sales copy to create your sales letters. Okay, and so if I if I start out, I want you to just imagine, as you're starting out, what is the niche or topic that you want to coach on? And for many of you, you might say, Well, I have no idea. I don't know what I want to coach on I I'm just getting started. Okay, well, great. If you upgraded to the VIP for this training, and how do you get access to the VIP? Well, I sent you a link in all the emails. The link is in the in the Facebook group. And if you just go to the website and put in your name again. Let's go find it. I'm just going to show you this here real quick. You got a bonus training called the finding your niche bundle. And in there, there was a PDF with the top 100 niches Okay. And you get chat GPT prompt commands. So I want you to just think about what is the topic that you can coach on? What is something that you know better than somebody else that you got to break through from over the last two years that you have developed and gotten better at At in your life that people ask you, how did you do it? And if you can't think of anything, that's fine. What I would encourage you to do is this is go into chat GPT or forefront chat, let's actually just try this. I am an aspiring coach or speaker, and would like to find a few ideas for a niche to coach in. Can you ask me a series of questions to help me find some good ideas for a niche that I can coach it? And actually, let's start this right here. You are an expert at online coaching businesses and speaking, you know how to market and sell programs online. This is a brand new prompt I just developed right now. I'm gonna throw it into the prop document for us. I'm actually going to throw it in here right here just at the beginning. We're going to call it niche identification, q&a questions. Boom. And so if you use that prompt right there in chat GPT. Let's see what it asks us.

[589:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oops. answering the following questions will help you identify potential niches for your business? What are your passions and interests list at least five topics that you're genuinely excited about? Okay, well, I like video games, movies, food, cooking, and dogs. Let's try this. I like video games movie is cooking and dogs. I am an expert in online sales and marketing getting more clients in a coaching business. I help people break past their mindset limitations, to get unstuck, to start taking imperfect action in order to get more paid clients in their coaching business. And so you would go through and answer questions like this. And if you don't know the answers to certain questions, just skip certain things. Okay. based on your interests, a few niches could be online sales and marketing for coaches, which is basically what I do to helping people with their sales funnels, email marketing mindset coaching for entrepreneurs, video game and movie industry coaching. Actually, that's a that's a this is a third sub niche that I've thought about going into and a couple of years. Is this one right here. I don't know much about cooking. I'm more just like food. So. But you see what I'm saying you can utilize and you might not have the answers to all of these questions. By the way, that's an that's an exercise that I want to challenge you it. You don't need all the answers. You don't need to have the answer to every question that a client asks or that people ask. I don't have the answers to every question. When we can lay down and listen mindset is a big part of what I do help people with because I find it's what gets people stuck. I find it's what keeps people from moving forward. I find it's what keeps amazing, incredible coaches from reaching their goals. One of the number one issues is perfectionism is the need to have all the answers is the need to do everything right is the need to have it all perfectly planned out and mapped out before we get started with anything. Okay. And so I want to encourage you today you don't need to be all perfect. You don't. It doesn't add to your bottom line by by making everything perfect. In fact, it actually ends up costing you more. Did you know that when you run a marketing campaign for a coaching business, that perfectly polished, does not sell because it appears like you have something to sell to people and people do not trust perfectly polished in this business and that you We'll make more money by authentically recording yourself on a cell phone than you will by making everything perfect. Now, yes, we want to deliver results. And if you're just starting out, I know that you can deliver results go through, ask chat GPT some of these questions, copy this, this prompt down. If you grab the VIP, you can pause it and grab this right here and be able to type that prompt in and answer some of those questions. And here's how we figure out what we're going to coach on. Let's just say that, for example, hypothetically, video game and movie coaching, okay. I have a prompt that I use, called map out a coaching program based on a topic. And so if I go here, and I paste this in, and I say map out an eight week coaching program, and all the lessons and sub lessons based on this topic, watch what it does. Here's an outline of an eight week coaching program based on this introduction and goal setting, establishing supportive group goals, personal branding, defining your brand. And this is what we would cover if we were doing a coaching in this business content creation and promotion. Networking and relationship building. Let's dial this in a little bit more, though, I think that that's a little too vague. And let's ask chat GPT. And let's say okay, identify 20 sub niches for this, that are the most profitable for me. Here are 20 profitable sub niches for this indie game developers, mobile game developers eSports professionals, game streamers and content creators. Okay, let's say that we have a coaching program for indie game developers. Okay. I'm gonna go back to my prompt right here. And I'm gonna say map out a quote about helping indie game developers. Okay, yeah, so this one, they do limit you right here, as you're limited to about five messages every three hours in this free version right here. And so that's why if we go back to chat GPT, you can actually utilize the free version of GPT 3.5. And be able to get answers to some of these questions here. There we go. So if this is your coaching business right here, it just mapped out eight weeks of a coaching program for you in one step, just by asking it to map that out. By the way, you can go to my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And download these prompts. By going in the in the upper bar here, the free chat GPT prompt download, okay, and click on Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT to get the download, and that's going to give you access to this document right here. That's gonna give you access to all of these different prompts that you can use. Now, I want to show you how you can utilize this in your business. How you can utilize this right? Because we can come up with okay, what are some ideas for our niche? Let's say that we take this this rough draft idea for a niche, helping indie game developers if I go to answer the public.com. And I type in indie game developers, or indie game development, and I search for what are the questions that people are actually asking as it relates to indie game development, I can find what's out there that people are actually looking for and what problems and frustrations and goals and desires they have. So when you identify a certain niche of people that you can help, and use chat GPT to come up with it. Your next mission is to identify what are their problems? What are their frustrations? What are their goals? And what are their desires? Now long term. You want to actually get this information from the market telling you that so the idea would be to get 100 independent game developers onto a zoom call with you. And about I would say 15 to 20 of them will actually tell you directly, what are their problems? What are their frustrations? What are their goals and what are their desires? You might have noticed that we did this when you signed up for this training is that we had a Facebook group that had what I call an ethical bribe of pre training lessons and those Pre training lessons were on various topics that were relevant to starting your coaching business. But many of you, there were questions that were actually asked of you. And this is how we do this is we survey our audience, we issue a bribe with the pre training questions, and the event. And then we have membership questions where we asked when people join the group for the event, what is your biggest struggle with starting a six figure group coaching business? What would you like to learn during this training? And if you received value, would you like to hear more about coaching from Jeremiah? Okay? What that is, is that is our feedback loop. Okay. So in the beginning, I'm just going to make this all big picture for you.

[734:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the very beginning for you, you're going to utilize chat GPT, not GPP, GPT, you're going to utilize, answer the public. YouTube, and Amazon to find your niche, okay. So this is like, if you don't have a coaching business, if you're just starting, by utilizing these four tools, you can get really, really clear on what is a great idea, or niche to start your coaching business with. What I find that a lot of coaches actually deal with is they don't, they don't have a lack of ideas that they want to coach him. They usually have too many. And so they usually have what I call the top three. And this is their top three ideas to make a coaching business around, okay. And so this could be related to, I remember a lot of like, we had health coaches, who wanted to help men with their mindset, okay. And this guy was like, I want to help men, but I want to help them with their mindset. And I want to help them with their health. And I said, Listen, that top three is actually your coaching business. Just combine all three of them together, focus on helping men with their health and mindset in one package. Okay. And so that's what I would encourage you with is as you go through this process, as you utilize chat GBT as you utilize, answer the public, YouTube, Amazon, start writing down ideas for the niches that you want to coach and if you don't have any idea for coaching, I'm just gonna pull it up here. It was included as the bonus for the VIPs but I'm just gonna pull it up on the screen here for you to see it because I really want to help you get results here. Here's a list of some of the top 100 profitable niches for coaches and course creators. Okay, so you could do career coaching, birth coaching, sleep coaching, life coaching, business mindset, financial relationship, weight loss, self love, inflammation, confidence, relocation. And by the way, each one of these then has a sub niche on top of it. grant writing, drawing spiritual executive leadership video, sleep, fitness, pet training, animation, art, music, technical skills, accountability discipline. And so you'll notice like a lot of these are different from each other. But what you'll identify as one to two of those main overarching niches if you feed it into chat GPT and the prompt that I love is can you generate for me 20 possible sub niches based on this can you just actually what was the one that I asked it? I asked it in in forefront. I want to pull the exact prompt I'm going to throw it into the end of that document that you download to to here we go what are 20 Let's type this in based on the idea of enter your overall coaching niche here generate for me to win Is it possible sub niches that are the most profitable for me to get another one?

[803:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, yeah, it's different. Generate 20 This is generating names for a coaching program. Yep. The most profitable for me to go into. I'm gonna put this in the document right here, what's up kitty? sub niche generation. Okay, so based on whatever idea that you give it, it can come up with sub niches for you. So when we looked at game and movie development, it was able to pull video, indie game development indie game, the developers generate for me 20 possible sub niches. Okay, so you could do indie puzzle game developers and the retro style platformers. So you could sub niche down into the types of games that you use. See what I'm saying? So a game developer who's making role playing games, it's kind of my favorite type of game. You see, I got a lot of different role playing games and stuff like that, behind me like the Zelda series and, and things like that. It's different than maybe somebody who is creating a, an arcade style game, or interactive fiction, or a horror game or a strategy or a sports game, right. And so if, let's say that we do, and I, what I love to do is I love to iterate this, this comment right here. And I'll say, based on the idea of indie, role playing game developers, and I love to see how deep it can actually go to sub niche down for me, generate 20 Possible 70. Okay, so we could do fantasy role playing science fiction role playing, post apocalyptic role playing open world turn base. Let's do let's do fantasy. Okay. So now I'm going to go for fantasy role playing. And let's see what kind of sub niches this could come up with. high fantasy dungeon crawler sandbox, tactical pixel art. See, so this is about how deep that you could literally go, you could go a cyberpunk RPG with futuristic settings and hacking mechanics. And then you could show somebody and create an entire course on how to create that sub genre or niche of role playing video game development. Let's make this a little bit more practical for some of you because I know like gaming and all that might be outside of your realm of what you would think of doing. Let's just go with health coaches. Actually, let's do health coaches who help men with their fitness and mindset. Okay. Let's ask the same question based on the idea of health coaches

[855:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: help men with their fitness and mindset generate for me 20 possible sub niches strength training for older men weight loss and I say the most profitable because this is what people are actually willing to make an investment into weight loss coaching for busy professionals. Okay, let's dial that in. If I click on edit right here let's dial this in for CEOs you could do for CEOs and executives

[864:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: and executives, okay. You could do male executives, right. Okay, so let's do for male Actually, let's do for female. Let's go for female Z, I'm like I'm able to literally shift niches in seconds to come up with ideas based around this okay, coaching for stress induced weight gain and emotional eating. And that's a pretty that's pretty sub niche right there. Let's see what kind of sub niches that could do. Emotional eating in the you could do in by industry, tech industry, healthcare industry, financial industry. Let's say that you have experience in the financial industry right here. Okay, So what we're doing is we're diving deeper and deeper and deeper into some sub niches with that, it's starting to get a little bit it's looping the same answers, because we've kind of hit the limit on this. So so what you can do is you can take whatever your idea is that you come up with for coaching. Filter it in the chat GPT come up with a few sub niches have it generate for you, I like this one right here coaching for stress induced way games for female CEOs and executives in the financial services industry. I'm telling you could probably find a few 1000 people in that right there. Okay, so now let's take map out an eight week coaching program with sub lessons. Week one, understanding stress induced weight gain, program objection objectives, creating supportive group understanding the link between stress helping with emotional eating, identifying triggers and stressors, C. So the idea is it really is kind of like a mindset training, it goes into journaling exercises, we actually have a lady in our coaching group that actually does that exact thing. She uses journaling exercises to help people develop better eating habits. Incredible. And so are you getting some ideas for how to at least come up with your niche and things like that? Then what you could take is you could take this into answer the public. I didn't even show you how to use answer the public. I'll show it to you on this one. Because you get three questions a day that you can ask female executive health coaching

[912:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. Question is

[915:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: executive health coaching.

[917:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's just click on that executive health coaching. So you can find other people that are out there that help executives and help coach them in their business based on some of these results in Google. Position yourself to Excel for the long run. Okay, so I don't know who this is. But I can take this and I can put this in here. Because I know that this fits that niche that we want. So what you want to look at is you want to reverse engineer by utilizing some of the answer the public prompts, you want to find which ones are closest to what you actually help with. Okay. Executive fitness, fitness for CEOs, let's try that one. That might give us some better results. Okay, once we register sign in, no problem.

[934:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fitness for CEOs. The reason why we're doing this is you're able to look at who else is out there that serving your market. And this is a very important part of when you're building a coaching business. You want to you want to pay attention to who else is out there doing the same thing that you're wanting to do. I think one of the worst things that people can do is try to build a coaching business without looking at who else is also doing the same type of things, okay? Because what you want to look at is you want to find gaps in the market but in the beginning you also want to look at how are they serving their market or serving their audience? Specifically? Let me see fitness for entrepreneurs here we go. Nine successful Habits of Highly Successful fitness entrepreneurs obsess over customer needs continue to leverage technology helps exercise habits of successful entrepreneurs. So what you're able to do is you're able to pull in here, some of the language and some of the questions that are asked in those particular niches and then bring that into chat GPT and say, Okay, write me an outline for a coaching program based on the following if I just copy Her whole page right here, executive wellness coaching. And I tell Jack Chad GBT to develop me an outline. For Executive wellness coaching. It'll then give you some ideas on how to put this together the science of energy management, how the body uses energy strategies for optimizing energy levels, mindfulness and emotional balance. And so the idea is it'll give you some perspectives on how to coach on what to coach on and what to teach. You can then also go to amazon.com type in fitness. for busy professionals. See what books are written secrets to successful program how to guy for busy, busy fitness professionals burnout recovery system for busy professionals bigger, leaner, stronger. Okay, so whatever industry that you're in, you want to take a look at who else is out there that serving that industry. And then what we do is we reverse engineer that into an offer to attract our target client. Okay. So if I take this information right here, that we've come up with for fitness coaching, what I'll do next is I will have it write me a sales letter for a free webinar. Based on this above information. Are you ready to unlock your full potential as an executive? Do you find yourself struggling to stay energized and focused throughout your work day, feeling drained? You're not alone, we worked with countless executives. That's why we put this program unlocking your full potential how executive wellness coaching can transform your life and career. Okay. So, let me just explain what we've just done. We're able to identify our top three, niche that we want to coach him. We're able to utilize chat CPT to dial in, okay, what's the niche topic, we're able to utilize chat CBT to come up with a few ideas for a coaching program. Now we go back to what we defined back here have the six steps. So once you find your niche, you then want to write out and map out your program and write out the the offer copy for an offer that you're going to put out there. Okay. And this is where most beginner coaches get it wrong is they're so focused on Okay, well, what are all the technical aspects of recording a video and putting a coaching program together and putting together the back end and putting all that together, I'll tell you all the technical aspects you need, you can you can build a page on a website on Squarespace. Overnight. Utilize MailChimp to get people on your email list. And then you can utilize zoom, to do the coaching with people. Just like we're here, right now, on a Zoom meeting. That's the most amount of tech that you need to run a successful coaching business. Okay. And if you want to maybe have a members area with courses, you can either use something like teachable.com to put together a members area. My personal favorite teachables not even loading. My personal favorite is thinkific.com. And that's where we house all of our courses, all of our training. If you're in our program, if you're in our coaching program, you can access all of the courses that we put together all the recordings and everything in the back end at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And this is how we actually deliver that content and put all that together. It's very simple, very easy to put together. The problem is though, that I see. And you might not believe me, but just trust me on this. Because I've been I've helped so many coaches and mentors with this. And I'll tell you, the ones who actually listen to what I'm about to say they make money and the ones who don't. They struggle and they come back a year later and they say I wish I listened to you. I don't say that to be arrogant. I just say that because the track record and the proof proves this. You don't want to build out your coaching program, and all the lessons and all the training and all the backend stuff. right away to make six figures. So there's this, there's this belief that, okay, if I do six figures worth of work, that takes me X amount of hours of time, then I will be worth people paying me six figures for. And that's simply just not the truth. When you solve a six figure problem for people, and you can identify who needs that problem solved, and you get them into your space, and you're able to present them with an offer that fits into what their problems, their frustrations, their deepest desires, and their struggles are, you can make multiple six figures with a coaching program. And what we recommend that you do as far as pricing goes

[1056:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that you do what we call a hybrid approach to the coaching pricing. So the old school approach was where you do one on one coaching. And you sell sessions for, you know, 200 to $400. That's not a sustainable way to make money in a business. And so what you want is you want a hybrid group, coaching. Program. And there's two ways to do this. One can be either term. And what is term term is what you do maybe for three months, or even two months, and you sell access for this term of time. Now that cycle is more of a launch cycle and becomes very time consuming and can can take a lot of energy to do this, the one that I love is the ongoing program, to where you're constantly adding more to it, and you do this as a membership model, to where people join you with your coaching membership, and continue to pay you to continue to work with you each month to solve problems that they have. And you can start this by simply identifying what is the niche that I help people with? What is the problem that I solve for people? How do I help people get a result. And then you can package it as either a term for three for two to three months, and you charge anywhere from 397 to 997. For that term. You don't want to charge less than this or you won't make enough money to actually run Facebook ads. If you charge less than 400 to $1,000 for the term, you'll lose money and you will struggle to be able to even break even. Okay. And so you want to charge that much for this some of you right now I'm challenging beliefs that you have, that you even have something that's worth this much. I'll tell you this, every single person who's watching me right now has something inside of them that's worth 400 to $1,000 for people to invest in to help solve a problem and to walk people through for for two to three months. Two months is eight weeks. You could have alternating sessions for eight weeks. Here's a sample coaching program. $397.08 week program. Week one, lesson training. Week two, q&a week three, lesson, week four, q&a. Week five, lesson, week six, q&a week seven, lesson, week eight q&a, so you only have four weeks of training lessons, and you're alternating based off of facilitating q&a with people to where they can ask you questions and you charge this much for this. And you can even have people come in on week two or week three, or even later on, by just alternating these different weeks and you have people sign up for a term. You can make the term either via one time term or they're in and then they're out I would personally recommend that you have some kind of a recurring membership continuity model at the end of this. If you'd get them in for 397, you know, have them join you for 27 to $47 a month, and a membership. At the end of it on week seven and eight, offer a special where they can try the membership for free. For a month, we've done this, we did this for worship coach scale, that's over a million dollars a month following this exact process right here. We sold eight week term coaching, one lesson a week q&a for $97. And then upsell people into a membership right here. Okay? When you do this consistently, and let's say you get 10 to 20 clients in here, each month, that very quickly, goes up to you making that number of $83,300.33 a month, very fast. You only need I believe, what is the math on the calculator here? If I pull up the calculator, where's my calculator

[1144:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: at that six figures right there, divided by 397 21 sales in one month to make that much. Now I recommend and my clients that are actually in our coaching group, I recommend that they charge $997 for the eight week term. And they offer a 397 or 297 payment plan where people can pay three pay. So you offer three payments of 397. And a paid in full price of 997 for an eight week term program. At that point, you only need to get how many sales nine, nine sales, nine people to purchase eight weeks with you to learn a lesson and a q&a on Zoom. And you have a six figure business and this compounds over time. And the goal is that when you have a continuity model to it. And you increase your prices over time, these prices are only the beginning prices. My goal with all of my clients is that they double and triple their prices every six months, at least double your prices every six months until you sort of peak out at about $25,000 for a high ticket program. 25,000. Yeah, per client. And so are you seeing how this model right here is very simple, very easy to do. You can either sell a term for eight weeks, or

[1176:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could do a ongoing membership. Sell this for $997 a year and offer it at $97 a month right there. How many people did you need to get into here to make that kind of money? Let's do $8,333 divided by $97 a month now this is a slower path, you would need 86 clients paying you $97 a month to have a six figure business. Okay. But if you divide that by 12 months, that's only seven new clients a month and let's say that 30% of them dropped off. Basically you just need 10 new clients a month at $97 a month into an ongoing $997 coaching program. What do they get for that they could get weekly bi weekly q&a, the same thing, a lesson one week a q&a the next week. And you do that each week and you iterate based off of the feedback that you actually get from your coaching clients to be able to do this to sell this to people and you run it very soon. pleat with very simple technology. using Squarespace. That's what we have our site built on. You have people sign up on your email list with MailChimp. You can host the sessions using Zoom. And we utilize a Facebook group with our group coaching group to be able to do this. So we have the client growth accelerator group right here, we have about 200 people in the program, about 179 members in the group right here. Where people are able to ask questions and join us and work with us, I'm able to give hands on input on their business. Helping coaches and trainers and mentors to launch their offers to launch their funnels, to launch their marketing to get the kind of clients that they want that they want to get. Very simple, very easy. It's not rocket science. And we utilize chat GPT to put most of this together. Okay. And so how do you actually know how to get people to sign up for a program like this? Well, you have to create an offer that actually connects with the target client that actually connects with the person who has the pain point that has the struggle that is looking for the solution. And this happens with the offer copy that you write, by putting it onto a landing page, onto a website, you noticed, when you sign up for this training, this was an offer right here. It had words on a page, we created this graphic very simply using canva.com, we didn't hire a big editor, we just use the Canva template. And then we're able to run very simple ads with our cell phone to find coaches and people who want to start a six figure coaching business. So the idea is that you put an offer out there that finds the people that are most likely to be a good fit for your program. And that's what I want to help you with next week. Next week, I'm hosting a free event called Launch and scale your six figure group coaching offer a five day intensive, it's completely free. I have nothing to sell you here today, this is completely free for you to join us from May 8 through the 12th, where I'm going to walk you through for five days how to launch the perfect offer that will take your coaching business, from zero to 20 to 40k a month, we're going to actually work with you to put together your strategic offer, how to develop the offer, how to position it for maximum profit, how to put it on autopilot, so that you don't have to work a ton of hours, you can work just five to 10 hours a week, and build a successful coaching, business selling, whether it be a membership coaching, term coaching, group coaching, or one on one coaching, whatever method of coaching that you want to sell. It all starts with having an offer. You can't grow a coaching business without an offer without something that connects with the right person who's going to work with you. How do you find those people? There's so many coaches out there? How do you stand apart in the landscape of the coaching industry, by creating an irresistible offer that connects with exactly what people want, you're going to learn what to say to get people to take your offer, and ultimately how to reach and reap the financial rewards of having a perfect irresistible offer for your coaching business. And so I'd love for you to join me for this five days together. This has been the most requested five day intensive that we've ever done. We did this back in December, and it was life changing the results that came out of it. In fact, a lot of the testimonies that you see on this page right here, these two in particular actually came out of that training right there. Okay. And so if you're if you're just starting out, if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, and you want to know okay, I need to create an offer. This is going to be the best step for you to go through. And the best part for you to learn is how to actually put together that strategic coaching offer that communicates your value tell you, that speaks directly to the right person who's going to work with you. See a lot of coaches, a lot of traditional training that's out there has this backwards, they tell you to, okay, get all this certification, get all this stuff figured out, and then record a bunch of content, and then put together all the technical stuff and all that. And what I'm telling you is, develop your coaching offer. Keep it simple. Keep it as simple as possible, here's why you don't want to invest a bunch of time into something that's not going to work. What this allows you to do is to actually put your ideas to the test, before you make a significant time investment. And energy investment out there is by developing an offer, and then getting some people in front of you that you can work with. In a coaching program like this, again, for beginners, I prefer the term coaching approach, doing a two week or a three week program, here's why. Because you can sell a term for a two to three week program, and make 20 $30,000 off of that. And then based off of the q&a that you get based off of we talked about this at the very beginning.

[1305:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: The feedback loop of the people who are in your term coaching program, of the people who join you, for two months, three months, you take their feedback

[1311:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you filter it back into chat GPT to create a better offer for you to create a more laser targeted offer around the exact feedback that people give you. And here's what happens. This is where things start to get scary, is you end up essentially having the ability to preemptively read the mind of your target client, before they even ask you a question. Because what you're doing is is you're selling to your market, based off of the feedback that they gave you. This is how Silicon Valley optimizes their software products, is they take the feedback data that people give I in my business, in all of the coaching businesses that we've helped build. The feedback data is the gold, you take that feedback data, and then you build your next offer around that. So your first offer that you launch is to gather the data, especially if you're just starting. This is why you want to get an offer up and out as quickly as possible. Because you want to gather feedback data as fast as possible. This is your your this is your first goal as as much feedback data as you can. Now if you are already an expert in your niche in your coaching business, if you've been coaching in your industry for a long time, then you already have a significant amount of feedback data, feed that back into chat GPT and then work through the six steps of developing an offer with your offer copy. And we're gonna go over all of that in the five day intensive on May 8 through the 12 next week with you now here's the thing, I want to encourage you on this, this event is free. You have nothing to lose to register for this to go through it. The recordings of this event are only going to be online for a couple of days after each session. And so after you register

[1350:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is an exclusive VIP upgrade for you that I put together. And it's only $19 until midnight Thursday, May 4. What do you get with this? Well, not only do you get the five days of training with me, you get five days of backstage q&a to ask me questions. So you get to go backstage with me after each session after each live session that we do each day, Monday, May 8 Tuesday May 9 Why? Wednesday, May 10, Thursday, May 11, Friday, May 12, you're able to then after each session, jump into a private Zoom Room with me to ask questions to give you coaching on your business. And not only that, you get bonus access to the main sessions, you get the recordings for life, you get the recording of the VIP backstage pass for life. And you get four bonus trainings, the chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle. This is a high level training from my client growth accelerator mastermind that I'm pulling into this bundle for you to help you create the language and the words of what do you say on your sales letter. And you get the getting unstuck to take massive action training. For those of you that feel like hey, I'm just stuck, I'm having trouble moving forward, I'm having trouble breaking past What's stopping me I'm having trouble. Using the technology, I'm having trouble coming up with ideas, I'm having trouble using chat CPT, this is going to help get you unstuck as well as the fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business training, how to build a seven and eight figure business working less than five hours a week, you're gonna get that as well in there, and the VIP mindset training to help you so that you don't have to sacrifice the most important moments in life, and you don't have to burn out. And you can work out what's going on up here to get the most results in your business. So you get all of that the five days of coaching with me and the recordings and the bonus trainings for $19 until Thursday, May 4 And then the price on this goes up. Okay, so the event is free. You can you can register for that, you'll get an email about it. You'll see my retargeting ads running online. The question you got to ask yourself is this if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a speaker, or you're aspiring to be one and you're wanting to start one of these businesses, and you're wanting to start making the kind of money that you want to make? Why wouldn't you learn the best possible way to do so in the least amount of time possible to attract the right clients? Not tire kickers, the ones that are willing to take action, the ones that are willing to be held accountable, the ones that are willing to learn from you the ones that want what you offer the people who want what you can help them with the most. And maybe you say, I'm just starting out, I don't know what people want, I don't feel good enough at this. You want to know how you get better at it by doing coaching? By finding some people getting them into a program with you. And going through the process of figuring out the feedback loop, figuring out the answers to the survey questions, figuring out what are they struggling with? What is your markets, biggest pain points? What are their problems? What are their frustrations? What keeps them up at night? What what do they wish they could wave a magic wand over and have solved and then when you here's what you do, when you just give people what they want. And you prop make a promise of being able to lead people to what they want. They will buy from you. They will purchase when somebody trusts you. All of this, by the way is a trust building exercise. Your marketing, it's trust, building sales is all about building trust. When people trust you, and we're gonna go over during these five days together, how do you put a strategic offer together that builds trust with your clients? How do you find the right people that are actually looking for what you help with? And how do you lead them to the result that they're looking for with an irresistible coaching offer that can pay you multiple six figures? We're going to build it with you together during these five days. So my question is, why wouldn't you learn how to do this? Maybe you're saying I don't feel confident enough in my in my skill set? I don't feel ready yet. I'm laying the foundations. Can I challenge that thinking for just a second. This is how you lay the foundations. There's a there's a lie in the coaching industry that there's a bunch of stuff that you have to do before you can create an offer. It's just simply not true. And listen, I not all of you are going to believe that. I know that I have the data. I've worked with 1000s of people but the ones who actually get results you're not going to waste time trying to do all this other busy work before you put an offer out out there, before you launch something and get ready to go. And that's what we're going to work with you on during these five days is how can you have the confidence knowing that when you put an offer out there that it's going to serve people, that it's going to be exactly what people want, that you're going to be able to deliver on the promises that you make, that you're going to be able to deliver exactly what your target customer is looking for. And then here's the best part, that you know that you know that you know that you're gonna be able to find those people out there on the internet, with paid advertising, with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, with Tiktok ads. We're going to show you all of that, during these five days together on how to attract the right clients. Create an offer that speaks exactly to what people want and closes sales, and then allows you to dial it in to develop out this feedback loop. To create an even better offer. I'm just going to show you an example of how the feedback loop worked out in my business. And then we're going to close up here. I think you need to see how this works. Okay. So when I started this business, I set out to help anybody on the internet. Right? That's a lot of people on the internet, right? My initial offer was anybody on the internet that wanted to learn how to use Facebook ads, and website building through Squarespace. Okay. Here's what I found. By trying to market this to people and create this offer great offer. The people who are actually making an investment with me, were coaches, speakers, and mentors. And everybody else, if they had an agency, if they had a network marketing business, if they had an E commerce business, they weren't buying from me. But this group of people was was my customers. So what I did was I pivoted my offer and got more specific into this group of people what happened, right, then our business jumped up from $500 a month to over $5,000 a month in sales. Then I discovered, okay, out of this group of people, coaches, speakers and mentors, the ones who are buying from me we're doing so with social media and the internet. Now, you might say, Okay, well, that's obvious right here. It wasn't when we pivoted towards this coaches, speakers and mentors. And so I had to actually stop marketing to a whole group of people that kept showing up on my offers, that wasn't a good fit. So I had a bunch of coaches, speakers and mentors that didn't want to use the internet that did not want to use social media. And they kept showing up on my trainings. And they kept getting angry at me as to why I wasn't talking about doing in person events and virtual coffees and meetups and in person. And I had just like, that's not the method that I teach, and they felt dissatisfied by that. And so I dialed in more, okay, social media, internet marketing. And when we focused in on that, that's what scaled our business. And we brought in over $650,000 in the last seven months. And this has been my journey in this business of starting with an initial offer that I knew I could help people with. Facebook ads website building, that's what I've done for coaches, speakers and trainers over the years, I didn't realize that that's actually was the niche that I had always helped it. For some reason, I was actually kind of blind to it.

[1502:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I had to do the research, and I had to do the work. And I had to go through the same process that I'm going to walk you through during these five days, this is the same process that was able to take my mom's business to over $20 million. This is the same process that took my client, Joshua Giles to over $140,000 in his business. This is the same process that took Rick Pinot over a million dollars a month. And this is the same process that took all of the case studies and testimonies that you see on this page to reach their levels of success as well. And so I'm going to walk you through that entire process during this five days together with me. Okay, so listen, it's completely free. You do not have to pay anything. For this. We're going to continue this conversation to help you launch and scale that six figure group coaching offer that's going to make you the kind of money that you want to make in your business. And for those of you who upgrade to the VIP for this event. You're also going to then get the five days of q&a afterwards. with me and the bonus sessions that are included with this. Okay. So listen, thanks, everybody for being here today. Thanks for listening to me, I hope that this has been valuable that this has been helpful that I've shown you how to start a six figure coaching business from scratch. And really, you need an offer, you need something that you can put out there. I've shown you the blueprint of how to figure out what your niches, how to come up with the ideas, I've given you the tools, chat, CBT, and all of that on how to how to develop your marketing and come up with the strategy of what to coach on I've shown you the technology, I've shown you how to put all these pieces together. But it all boils down to having an irresistible offer that people want. And being able to effectively communicate your value with your potential client, and then being able to attract that potential client to you. There's no better way to build a coaching business than this method. And this is the fastest, simplest and least amount of work involved needed to do this is what I'm going to walk you through during these five days. So listen, register for the five day intensive, I can't wait to see you there. I can't wait to see those that have upgraded to the VIP on the q&a session as well. And listen, if you upgraded to the VIP for this session. Some of you are like, hey, there's multiple VIPs do I get a discount? can I combine them? If I do the five day can I get a refund on the on the Saturday session? No, we don't offer refunds or discounts. Or if you bought the VIP last month or anything like that. It's kind of like buying a ticket to a movie or buying a ticket to a single event. Okay. And so for those of you who bought the VIP for this event right here, the one that we're hosting right now the starting your six figure group coaching business from scratch, you're gonna get the recording, and we're going to have a q&a on Saturday, we're going to be able to answer your questions based on what we talked about. And so how do you find that, again, it'll be in your email, it'll be in the email, when I send you the replay recording, you have 24 hours to watch this recording. If you want lifetime access to the recording, you can go grab it by clicking the link, or just opting into it right here. And on the next page is the VIP upgrade for just $7 to give you lifetime access to the recording of this session, and get access to the q&a on May 6 on Saturday at 4:30pm. Plus, these bonus trainings right here developing your signature coaching program from scratch, plan and map out your signature coaching program, finding your niche training bundle, if you're still stuck on all of that if you're still stuck at those beginning stages, this bundle is going to help you get unstuck, okay. So I know listen, it's like, Oh, you made me two offers, I don't know what to do, I don't know which one to go with. Again, go grab the recording of this, get this bundle, jump into the q&a with us here at seven bucks. And then you can go grab the VIP for the five day event. When you register for the five day event that's only $19 until Thursday, May 4 And so combined, it's like 26 bucks. All right. So you can register for that over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash launch. Sign up for the five days, make the time to join us for the five days, make a commitment to spend the time with us for the five days, May 8 Ninth 10th 11th and 12th. And then go grab the VIP for this as well. And get access to the five days of coaching with me the recordings to all the sessions, the recordings, all the sessions, the recordings to the VIP, plus the bonus trainings for just $19 until Thursday, May 4, listen. Thanks for being here. I can't wait to see you on the five day event for those who are going to join us on Saturday. I can't wait to see you there. And for those of you that continue with us for the next week, next week starting May 8. It's going to be absolutely incredible. So we'll talk soon everybody have a good one I'm here gonna sign off gonna go hug my baby downstairs. Have a good one with

