 December 9: Get More Course Sales Or Coaching Clients With Facebook ADs
Date: 2023-12-09T18:48:27.000Z
Duration: 105 min
Otter ID: b2vw3ukQdpLb4VJMwUHvjyF8LNo
---

[157:12] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello everybody. Welcome. Welcome Today let's bring the microphone down just a little bit there. All right Welcome on this Saturday, let's bring the music down. How are y'all doing? How is everybody doing here today? Listen, thank you for being here. I just want to say thank you for being here. Why? Because you could be anywhere you could be watching, you could be watching college football, you could be with your family. But you're here right now with me. And let me know how the microphone sounds. You're here with me learning how to do something that will revolutionize your business that can change your family's future like it has changed my life and my family. And in our business. I'll tell you a little bit about that in just a second. But you're choosing to come face to face with what is it going to take for me to be successful in my business. And so number one, because I believe that honor is an important thing. In life. And in business, I just want to honor that I want to honor you for being here. Thank you for being here, thank you for taking the time to be here. And I'm going to make sure to deliver to you the very best possible training here today, that's going to be worth your time that you're going to say, and this is this is like, I put my name and my reputation behind this, that's you're gonna say this was the best hour and a half that I ever spent on a single webinar, because here's the truth, how many of y'all have been on webinars, and they're trash, and they're just a sales pitch, and they're just, there's not a lot of real meat and potatoes that you can take away from it are things that you can apply, or they're too complicated or too hard things like that, you're not gonna get any of that from me. In fact, we've made it a point to make sure that when we host trainings like this, that they don't waste anybody's time that they actually provide an incredible amount of value that you can take away from it. And the reason why we have the highest amount of people who show up to our trainings, that's why I truly can be confident to when I when I send you an email that says Listen, this training is legit, incredible, it's worth $1,000. I mean it, it's not just marketing language to try to get you on here. And well, of course, there is marketing language involved in in sales and marketing, because that's what I teach. That's what we do, I'd be I'd be lying to you, if I didn't say that I, I'm an expert marketer that knows how to get people to show up and take action and buy our products and coaching and things like that. But I truly believe in creating impact. And I truly believe about respecting other people where they're at what they're going through, to produce the results that they're looking for. And so just I just want to thank you for being here. That's it. All right. So today, this is going to be geared towards and I just want to preface this before we kind of move forward, this is going to be geared towards coaches and course creators and, and in fact, we we had a warning on the page, gotta have a warning. Before you register that said, attention coaches, course creators, trainers, thought leaders, and I even put like, very kindly on the page. If if, if you are not a coach, or course creator, or trainer or thought leader, please do not register. Like I appreciate you. I respect maybe your hustle and your grind or what you're doing. If you're in direct sales, or you're a realtor, you're in network marketing, but I mean this kindly, is that you're probably not going to get a lot of value that you can take away and apply. And, and I know some of y'all might be disappointed to hear that and, and understand that, that that is why we have very specifically laid out the expectations of who this is foreign. So if you don't fit into one of those categories, and you're watching here today, just you know, don't send me a nasty message later that says, Well, I'm in this industry and you didn't talk about that. Well, we we told you up front that it wasn't going to be related to anything outside of this. I get messages from people all the time. I'll teach a training on one topic and they'll be like you should have taught about this and I'm like that's not what I do. You know, I focus on coaches, course creators, trainers and mentors and and why why do I focus on that? Let me just explain a little bit about my background where I'm coming from. I know that there's there's a lot of y'all that know who I am. You followed me for a while. Thanks for being here, if we've met before, but there's also a number of people that I haven't met before. So, I, my name is Jeremiah Krakowski for those y'all that I have not met yet. And I have built multiple eight figure that's over $10 million per year, profitable coaching and online course businesses since 2003. So the last two decades, I've been immersed. And you can see my story right here, I've been immersed in the online marketing, coaching, course creation online training industry. And that's really the only lane that I focused on. And so like, you know, how they talk about, if you're learning from an expert, you want to make sure that that expert actually knows what they're doing. They actually have a track record, and they've actually done it before. I've been in this industry longer than most people who are out there that are teaching the stuff that I teach. Now, I got my start, not as a business owner, not as somebody who was starting a business like many of you are, I took the safe route. I took the route of getting a job getting a career. And I started working with a company originally my very first time out in in doing this working with a company called Danny johnson.com. That was the name of the company that I had worked with right here. And let's pull up right here, just Danny johnson.com. You can see it over my website. You know, they still exist to this day, they've taken down a lot of the some of the different content and stuff like that. But I worked with this company, right here, Danny johnson.com. And you can also look at Destiny global.com their products, they have different courses and CD and DVD products. And I have actually helped put a lot of these together, as well. I edited a lot of the videos and audios and worked with this company. This this course right here, I put this one together. And so I put this one together right here. And then I had helped them with a lot of their sales and marketing, a lot of their online marketing and helped them add multiple eight figures to their bottom line. From there. I went on and worked with my mom and many y'all know who my mom is Sandy Murkowski. She is amazing, incredible. This woman right here, she's been in business for three Dec three plus decades. And her and I we built this business, this coaching and online course business to eight figures per year, multiple figures per year, over $20 million per year in sales brought in through this company. And and by the way, that's not just sales, that's top line profit as well was over eight figures. Okay, I know some people quote these like numbers, and it's like, oh, we made eight figures. But we spent eight figures in ADS. No, we didn't do it that way. We were very lean, very profitable, not spending a lot of money on ads. And to this day, she is still I work with and consult my mom's company over to real change. I have my own company at Jeremiah krakowski.com. But I consult her company. And we're still using paid advertising and Facebook ads to get clients for her stocks Academy. And so we built this business and in 2018, this was five years ago, I'm tracking the timeline here in my head while I'm talking to you. I set out and I said you know what, I got a lot inside of me. And my mom and I we agreed on this, you know, we had a we had a hard conversation. I was the CEO of this company. And, and I was helping with the day to day of building it. And we were super profitable. And I was making a ton of money myself personally, building this business alongside her. The personal compensation was incredible for this. But we decided, You know what, Jeremiah, for you to go to the next level, I'm gonna have to start my own business. And so I actually started Jeremiah krakowski.com. Back in 2018. This was five years ago,

[312:01] Speaker 0: to set out to help coaches, mentors, trainers, speakers, use direct response, copywriting, paid advertising, and highly profitable offers to scale their businesses to over a half a million dollars a year and beyond. And that's what my promise to you is today is how to do that as we have used across every business that we've worked with, including, you know, one of our clients that we worked with With starting five years ago, was called worship coach.com. This is a friend of mine Rick Pino. He's an incredible man, incredible father and incredible leader, incredible teacher, I've learned so much from him, I would say that, that one of the most impactful people in my life in the last five years, was working with Rick at and, and in this, we came alongside him, my wife and I, and helped him build this coaching business, worship coach.com, that teaches songwriters, and, and, and musicians how to take the song that's in their heart and get their music heard by 1000s, and even millions of people. And you can see the testimonies and the case studies of this from people that have that have come in and we helped Rick scale this business worship coach.com. We started working with him, he was one of our first clients. In my business. When I set out in my business, Rick was like, Hey, dude, can you help me do what you did with your mom. And we helped build this business to over a million dollars per month. It was kind of cool. Like, we would have these these meetings. And it was like the three of us, Rick, my wife, and myself, growing this business, working with his staff and employees, and building this from zero, literally zero when he approached me, it was $0. He had an idea, that's all it was, was this idea of worship coach. And we helped him grow this to over a million dollars per month, using Facebook ads, using Facebook ads. Facebook ads is how we brought in every single client in that business is how we brought in every single client. In my mom's business. It's how we brought in every single client in my business. And it's what we teach people today to do. And so if you're somebody watching this right now, here's what I want to assure you of a lesson I know that my my track record in my my expertise, it might it might sound way further along than than you are today. I want to I want to assure you of this is that I have committed my my career and myself in my life to helping people that are not super technical. Like my client, Judy, or like my client, Dr. Shawn De Pere, like my client, Joshua. Rick wasn't super technical, like my client, George Ian, how to take the idea that they have for their coaching and courses and reach brand new people that they've never met before with paid advertising. using very simple, easy to follow techniques that are not overwhelming, that are not super complex, that are not too difficult, that are not hard to learn, that don't take a ton of time to put together. And that actually work that actually convert. And, and I don't like to toot my own horn here. But I hear constantly from people. Other people are telling me this, that our training on Facebook ads is the simplest, easiest to follow, and best that they've ever learned from ever. And we hear that from our coaching clients. And that's something that I just want to I just want to mention to you here today is that we have a coaching program that while today, I'm not going to be doing a sales pitch at all, you know, that was my commitment to you with this. This is not a sales pitch event. I'm not here to sell you anything at the end of it. But I do want to just tell you for like 30 seconds here, we have a coaching program called the client growth accelerator program. And in this program, we have over 200 coaches, course creators, mentors, trainers that we're working with through their Facebook ads, and helping them use advertising campaigns to get more clients and to scale and grow their businesses to six, seven and even eight figures. And so if you like what we're talking about here today, if it resonates with you, I would encourage you to get on the waiting list for my group coaching program the client growth accelerator program. And it's extremely affordable that when we when we opened the doors last time to it we only open the doors a couple of times a year. That's why we have the waiting list. And we keep it closed until the waiting list reaches a certain point and then we open it up last time that we open the doors it was $2,000 a year that's still what the cost is two grand a year we offer a 12 month payment plan of $166 a month and so when we open the doors next, it's not going to be much more than that at all. It'd be a little bit more expensive than that. But that's what the investment is to work with me to work with our team to come alongside you, and to help you build your coaching and course business. So that's my little plug for this, you can read read about it over on my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can read about all of the training that's included what's included with it. But I'm not going to take a lot of time to go into that with you here today, because I want to get you the answers that you've been looking for, how do we create Facebook ads that actually convert? How do we actually dive into the nitty gritty and the technical aspects of putting all this together? And how do we not get overwhelmed? And how do we actually make sure that we don't lose money in the process, and actually make sure that we get our investment back? So what it does is it takes a perspective of understanding why Facebook ads are so effective. Okay. And so I always start by giving the foundation of this is that right now you have your coaching or course business, okay? Let me bring this up just a little bit here, in your coaching your course business. This is what you're going to sell. And I understand some of y'all you're just getting started, maybe you just met me on on our previous training all about starting or creating your own digital course. So I understand that. But just for the sake of the example of understanding Facebook ads, is that for you to have a business, you got to sell something, right. And so what we recommend courses and coaching, is we recommend that you sell it for a minimum of $500 for kind of your flagship program. And and I really recommend that you would sell it for even $1,000, you know, double that number. Why? At that point, some of y'all are like, gosh, I don't think I have enough value to offer. At that point, I can promise you this. Anything that you're going to be marketing with Facebook ads to the right person, and you follow our system and you follow what I'm going to be teaching you here today, you'll be able to sell it for 1000 and even $2,000. And even later, once you get clients at that level, I recommend you go up to five to 10 to $15,000. You don't stay at this 500 to $1,000 level, like what would somebody have to spend $15,000 on with you. Some of y'all are like, I don't think I could even bring myself to charging that much. Some of y'all think it's price gouging. To charge that much. Let me explain. Let me explain this process to you. It's called the value ladder. Okay. And I understand some of y'all don't don't understand this, because maybe you're not coming from the marketing space. Some of y'all do understand this. And so I just got to kind of give this get everybody up to speed to the same level. So the way that the value ladder works is this today, you're on a free training with me right here. Okay. And we have a VIP upgrade, that VIP upgrade was $7. Right there. Okay. Now, let's say that a course, or a coaching program is going to be $2,000 right here, okay. And then let's say to work with me one on one is $55,000. Because that's actually what it costs to work with me one on one, if you go over to my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, you can find some of y'all are wondering, Jeremiah, how do I work with you one on one in my business, we have a page right here, one on one VIP day, it's $55,000 for one day, but the estimated return on this will be 30 times that for you. Okay, and so we offer financing on this and, and I think that it's it's for what you get, it's extremely affordable, is what it is. For others, you're like, gosh, that's really expensive. For the right person, they're like, that's actually very cheap for those that actually understand what they're getting for this. And so understand I'm not trying to sell you on buying a $55,000 package with me. But here's the thing. There are clients of ours who have

[468:50] Speaker 0: gone through a free training with me that have joined our $7 VIP that have joined our coaching program when we open the doors, and then they have actually made six figures and then they're like, You know what, I want to make this investment to be able to get the next steps the next level of what I need in my business. And so understand that in coaching and courses. This is the model the it's called the ascension model that is going to make you the most amount of money in your business and it's going to help the most amount of people I truly believe The impact is the most important thing when it comes to marketing and coaching and selling courses. And that you need to be somebody of integrity that actually has value to deliver to people. But I also understand a lot of people are just getting started with coaching and courses. And that's why we've developed our program to help people who are just getting started, or those that are starting, but maybe they're not getting the kind of clients that they want. And they want to know, how do I turn the right levers to actually produce those financial results of 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month, if you were making $30,000 per month in your business? Making an investment to pay $5,000 per month to get the right coaching that you need is actually very affordable. Does that make sense? And so understand that at different levels for different clients, different price points, make sense. And this is how we priced it in our business. You know, we're definitely not the most affordable at all, and we don't claim to be. But that's also why I have these affordable options for people. That's why I am passionate every single week. I record a podcast to help coaches and course creators break down all of the aspects in their business right here. You can go find it on Apple Music right here. Logistics and tech aspects of course creation, dealing with toxic negative haters, how to thrive with digital courses, feeling confident when creating video content, the art of ignoring negativity, why being playful will make you more money in your business. This is a big one right here. I can tell you this, anytime that I recorded a course or I'm teaching or I'm doing a live webinar like this, I make sure to give myself time to play I spent time with my my wife and my son yesterday and I just played we went in the swimming pool. And we had a bunch of fun, like and so I have a podcast right here, the Grow Your Life podcast, there's over 245 episodes of this podcast. For free each one you can see the length of it's about 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 18 minutes, 31 minutes. That's my way of providing a ton of value to you. And each one has like its own mini course, or coaching session on one specific topic each week that I've been getting asked about from people during that time, whether it be through free trainings like this, or my my group or things like that. And it's specifically geared towards course creators and coaches to help you get breakthrough in your business and get the answers that you're looking for. And so we have free trainings like this here today that we're that we're delivering. We have my podcast. And so I'm able to impact people I know, I fully understand not everybody can afford two grand a year or even $200 a month with coaching, or even a $500 course. But can they afford to take 90 minutes of their time to watch through a training? Can they afford to go through a 20 minute training with me for free on my podcast, and that allows me to have impact and actually raise up people and get them to the place where they're going to be able to afford that. And here's the thing that I tell people that I tell my coaching clients, they always, they're always like, gosh, my group of people, they don't have the amount of money to spend on this. And some of y'all are like, why are we talking about this? This? This has nothing to do with Facebook ads. My friends, this has everything to do with Facebook ads. It does. And if maybe you're checked out right now, because you're like he's not talking about ads. I'm not, you know, this, I need you to understand, you're not going to be able to run Facebook ads profitably unless you charge 500 to $1,000 for your main coaching your course. Because you're gonna just gonna like we have the data to prove this. We have the validation, we have the test runs, we we've done all of the tests, our clients have tested this and proven it multiple, multiple, multiple, multiple times. That the amount of money that comes in if you're only charging 100 bucks, or 200 bucks or 50 bucks isn't enough to pay off the Facebook ads. You know the $7 VIP that we do here for this training does not cover more than 40% actually not even 40% of our Facebook ads budget for marketing this training here today. So understand that for you to be profitable for you to have a business that is successful, you need to actually charge a What's your worth, and listen, again, I understand somebody, I don't feel like I'm worth anything, I don't feel like I have any value, I don't feel like I'm good enough, I want you to understand that that thinking is is in your head. It's it's a thought that you have made a decision to partner with. And that not being good enough, is what you're walking in right now. Because I see you right now. And I see those that are watching this. And I work with. I've worked with 1000s, of course creators and coaches over the years. And I see people that know, way more than the competitors that are out there every single day. And yet, they doubt themselves and think that they're not good enough. And then they look at what they can do and what they can put together. And they realize, okay, wait a sec, I actually do know a little bit more about this topic than somebody else. And I could totally put together a course or coaching program to impact people, and then market it with Facebook ads. And listen, I understand some of y'all are watching this. You're like Jeremiah, I don't really deal with that. I'm super confident I believe in what I offer. That's why I'm here today. Can you just get to the point and talk about Facebook ads, we're going to talk about that right now. Okay. But I just wanted to address that if if, if charging your worth is your sticking point, I want you to to realize that as a business owner, you get to make up this price. You get to decide how much you want to charge. I understand that there's competition in the marketplace, and what's the going rate, listen, the going rate for most courses and course, course creators and coaches, they're undercharging chronically, for what their value is because they don't believe in themselves. And so listen, I want to say I need you to step into a new level of thinking of abundance. And this isn't just some woowoo concept, I need to just step into a new level of thinking that you're not operating in the economy of 99% of your competitors. That when you learn how to actually build a profitable business, and you learn how to put the mechanisms together, when we talk about creating a half a million dollar to seven figure business, like that's called going pro, and I need you to start to see yourself as the CEO that you actually are, you know, I have to have this pep talk with myself all the time I my wife and I had this conversation. Yesterday, it was was an incredible conversation that her and I had and she said, listen, time for you to step up and be the CEO. And listen, in this area, this area, this area you can improve. Oh my gosh, thank you. It's amazing having a part a partner that can support you. And I understand that not all of you have a partner in life like I do with my wife who supports you in what you're doing and calls you out when they need to and, and helps raise you up to that level. But if you don't have that, I want you to understand that I can be a business partner to you.

[618:16] Speaker 0: To her if you're in our ecosystem, if you're following me if you're following my content, stay plugged in, follow my Instagram, follow me on there, I post daily content every single day. Follow me on YouTube, we post videos, every single day I record videos and I don't take a lot of time to do this. We have a system that I actually teach my clients on how to create content on less than five minutes a day, I spend maybe five to 10 minutes a day creating content. That's it. I have a little spark of an idea I recorded on my phone. And then I have somebody that I pay 50 bucks a week in the Philippines, they edit it they put it all together. And I don't worry about my content. After that I let it go and we teach you how to do that in my coaching program. In my in my group coaching program, we provide you with a list of service providers and people that we vetted and work with that you can work with as well in your business as part of my group coaching program to do that, okay. But I want you to understand that for you to be able to have a profitable business you need to charge your worth. You need to charge the amount that will allow you to pay money with Facebook ads. You know, I hear a lot of people one of their biggest concerns. We had a Facebook group that A lot of people were invited to join and had a lot of pre trainings. And by the way, if you haven't joined that Facebook group that's included with today, there are three pre trainings that I've loaded up in there that are additional to what we're talking about right now that are completely free that everybody gets access to where I break down nuances of this topic right now that we're talking about, where I break down one of the pre trainings talks about how do you get your target? How do you target your ad to show up to the right people, another pre training is how to not lose money on your ads. Another of these pre trainings is, what do you actually say, to make the ads work, and we're gonna break down some of that here today, as well. And going into our VIP after this, we're going to continue this conversation to help you. And to dive deeper into what we're talking about, we're gonna be able to do a couple of live labs a little bit in the VIP, if you want to work with me to help write and craft and build out your best ad campaigns, we're gonna be able to talk about that. But what you need to understand is that what you charge for your course or coaching, is what's going to make you profitable. Now, out there in the marketplace, on social media, exists, people, there are people that you have not met yet. Right, can we all agree on that? Like, doesn't it that's not super complex. It's not a crazy concept. Understand? I'm joking when I say that, because it's so it's like, it's so obvious, I think, is that on social media, there are people you've not met yet that use Facebook and Instagram, and Twitter, and YouTube. And when you learn this one thing, here's your course, here's your coaching program. And there's a group of people right here that I call the KL T group. They know you they like you, they trust you. And some of y'all, you're watching me here today. Listen, I understand some of y'all are like, not really resonating with me. Maybe you don't like me, me, whatever. That's fine. I'm not for everybody. I'm not Cheetos, I'm not, you know, barbecue chips. I feel like, gosh, not everybody likes barbecue chips. You know, not everybody likes an iPhone, not everybody likes to Android, I might not be your flavor of coach or teacher to learn this from. But there are some of you, that you like my style, you like my teaching style, you like how unconventional I am you like how I, I'm just who I am, I got my video game stuff here and all of this and, and you like connecting with how I teach here and how I show up today. So what I'm doing is I'm building this, you I'm building a connection with you, you know, me, we're building this, like, I'm building trust with you, in our system and what we offer and, and truly, that really is the key to everything. When it comes to building a coaching business. The currency of what actually gets people to buy from you is one thing. Trust. That's it. Nobody will buy your course or coaching if they don't trust and trust is something that you can build. There's a system for how to communicate and how to build trust with people and how to build it with total strangers. Right? This is the gap right here. You got strangers. These are people right. Growing up, we're taught don't talk to strangers, my goodness. And then you go out there to build a business and guess what you got to do. You got to actually literally talk to strangers and get them to trust you. And and most people don't know how to do this and it's very uncomfortable for them. Okay. It was very uncomfortable for me when I set out to do this, you know, when I first tried to sell my own coaching and and when I tried to sell my own products online, I was fumbling over the words and struggling on how to explain what I did and and didn't really, even though I had all this track record of building eight figure businesses I didn't try. I didn't trust myself personally. And that was one of the first things that I had to do is I had to learn to believe in my Self, I had to learn to believe in what I had to offer. And, and, you know, when you put yourself out there with Facebook ads, when you put yourself out there to the public, there's a 5% of people that are that are very rude. They're very mean, they're not nice. You know, we have to talk about that. We have to talk about that, that that exists. That, you know, I get the meanest comments from people from Facebook ads. I really do. I have gotten, I've had moments where I've had to talk with my therapist through some of the stuff that has come in through Facebook ads. And so like I would I would be lying to you, if I said that, that doesn't happen. You know, you could do all the right, I'll tell you this, gosh, because I see this misconception from people in the in the in the business that? Well, if I did all the right things, I wouldn't get any negative feedback from people can I tell you this, that's not true. In fact, if you're not getting negative feedback from people, you're probably not actually marketing your business, right. And we found that to be true more often than not, is that to really start to cross over into that success point,

[741:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're gonna have haters, you're gonna have people that are negative, you're gonna have people that don't believe in you that don't trust you. And they're very vocal and very verbal about that fact, when you're reaching strangers that are out there, and you're looking to build trust with them, so that they can make an investment with you have $1,000 or $2,000

[749:33] Speaker 0: You're gonna have some people that don't like that. Okay? It's just, it's just part of being in business. Okay, so understand that learning to just ignore the negativity. That's why I got so many podcasts episodes on ignoring the haters and ignoring the negativity. And I share with you techniques and strategies to do that. I'm not gonna go into a lot of that right now. But I share with you that one of the biggest things is just to literally like, not care what they think, not care what they say, and I get it, gosh, not care. Isn't that rude? It's not, not when people are negative, I flushed their opinion down the toilet. And I don't look back. And I don't worry about it. Because here's what I want to focus on, I want to focus on those that absolutely love our content. They love what I'm talking about, they connect with it. And so when I get negative people, honestly, I'm just like, peace out. You can be negative over there, I don't need to prove myself to you, I don't need to validate myself to you, I don't need to convince you that you should work with me. And that's a standard that I've actually built in my business that has made me a lot of money. And it's a standard that I've seen for every single successful course creator and coach that I've ever worked with. It's very interesting, is it's one of those areas that literally separates when you get this to where you literally do not care about the negative haters. When you truly have a passion to impact people when you're doing your very best to deliver the very best content at the at the highest level that you possibly could. And yet you still got negative people, and you have the belief in yourself that listen, I did my very best. And that's all that matters. If somebody else doesn't like that, or they think I should have done better or should have done differently. Sure, I can take that feedback. But nine times out of 10 I'm gonna filter through is this really something that I need to listen to? And because I've been doing this for so long, I'm like, you know, I night like 99% of the negative feedback that I get. If I listened to it, I would be broke like those people. I wouldn't be making money like they are. The reason my business is a multimillion dollar coaching business is because of this not paying attention to the negativity that comes in from strangers that are on the internet. And so what I'm trying to do and what you want to do and why is this relevant to you, I'm bringing this full circle for you is because there are people that are out there in this group of strangers that are going to absolutely love you. They're going to absolutely love what you're selling. And so what we want to do is we use the Facebook ads to actually pull those people in. We pull those people in And we build that know, like, and trust and listen, not everybody they might know like, and trust you, but not everybody's gonna buy from you. Like today, if you're watching this right now, and you've you've stuck through for 40 minutes of listening to me, there's a, there's a really good chance that you probably like me, you probably want to hear what I'm talking about you probably are, you trust what I have to share, because otherwise you would have logged off, you would have checked out, you have to stop listening, by this time of this of this training, you know, we actually have statistics on that I pay attention to a lot of data. I'm kind of a data nerd. And I look at okay, on the presentation, because they actually give you this data, they actually tell you all this, here's the point where people dropped off and stopped paying attention. And, and so what's cool is, that's about halfway through a 90 minute training like this, about halfway through the people that really aren't there. They're just there to kind of check me out, they're there to maybe validate themselves or, or to be negative or whatever, they'll have logged off far before we reach this halfway point of this training right now. And so that's what the data tells us is that. And so I understand that not everybody who likes me or trust is going to become a client of mine. There, there might be some of y'all that you're like, Jeremiah, why is your doors not open? I want to jump in tomorrow. Well, I appreciate that. I appreciate the excitement. Patience is a is a very powerful skill set to learn. It's a very powerful thing, especially when it comes to Facebook ads. And so when we do open the doors, if you jump into my waiting list, you'll be one of the first ones to be able to get, I'll send you an email about that. And I'll notify you when we open the doors to that. Okay, so here's how we actually target these people, right? Because some of y'all are like, okay, I get the stranger's thing, I get that I gotta build trust, I get that I have something to sell to be able to pay for the ads, this is all making sense to you. Right? And, but how do I make sure that I actually have the right people, and that I'm not wasting money, right? Because here's the thing, if we're running are paid advertising. And we're bringing in a bunch of haters and a bunch of negative people and all of that, that's wasted money that's actually going to those people, okay, here's the thing, you could target perfectly, and you can run your ads perfectly, and you can target the right people, there's always going to be a very small percentage, that the ads go to that it's not a good fit for the there's not any way to like, prevent that, okay. And so understand that sometimes. And especially when you get really good at applying what we're teaching here today, especially when you get really, really good at learning how to run Facebook ads the right way. This is such a like, I want you to get this, that when you know how to target the right people. You will, you will still get negativity coming from your ads, some of that happens. So it doesn't mean that your targeting is wrong and that you're doing that. I have I there's this belief that that I think that some people think that, okay, if I get the negative feedback, it means my targeting is wrong. In my experience, it actually means that you're targeting the right group of people. Because you're going to get more of the right people when you do that, so understand that it's not you wasting money just because there might be some negative comments or things like that, or that not everybody clicks on the ad and becomes a client or things like that. Understand that that is part of the process of optimizing your ads and that's what we work with our clients on is optimizing their ads. What I'm going to give you right now and through the end of this training, is how I teach my clients. We're gonna pretend just for a little bit that you're in my accelerator program right now. Okay. So I'm not going to talk about a lot of like, stuff that we're going to, we're going to focus in on what I would share. If you were in my paid coaching program right now as to exactly how to target and qualify the right people. And what the best way to do this is okay. We have a cheat code that actually does this. And, and when it comes to marketing, and when it comes to sales in the comes to advertising, it's complicated enough without certain shortcuts. And yes, I get it. There's no such thing as a shortcut, you got to stay persistent. But there are tools that you can use, that make things simpler for you, that make things easier for you. Things are already complicated enough, you don't need to make them more complicated than necessary. Okay. And I think that most of you are making things way more complicated than they actually need to be in your business. You're making things way harder than they actually need to be in your business by overthinking overcomplicating all of these things. And so right now, I just want to take a moment is a technique that I actually teach my clients is let's just breathe a little bit. This is a technique, by the way. It's actually transformed how my clients build their businesses. And and I'm a little bit hesitant to share this with you.

[908:05] Speaker 0: Because it may not connect with everybody. But I want you to realize this is that when you start running your ad campaigns, when you start dealing with putting money out there, when you start dealing with taking the risk of putting your ads out there, there is a certain level of anxiety and tension and feeling of on uncertainty and insecurity and overwhelm and it starts to build, like you can feel it in your chest like, Okay, this is too much. When that happens, I teach my clients and it's changed how they do everything, learn to step back for a couple of minutes, and just breathe through it. And what I like to do is I breathe, I focus in on my breathing. Anytime I do this, I just I take a step back, I ignore everything. I ignore all the stuff that's going on around me. Obviously not like while I'm driving or watching my son, or like I'm talking about like if I'm building my business, or I'm creating an ad campaign. And even to this day, I struggle with this myself doing this, this is what I do, to be able to be effective. And I breathe through the anxiety. So I go like this, I focus in on the breath at my core and I just focusing on the physical rising and falling of my chest in my stomach while I breathe.

[936:44] Speaker 0: And I do this and I calm my nervous system down. that nervous energy, that anxious energy that that fear that worry all of that our brain is trying to protect us from getting hurt. It's a beautiful thing that's designed to keep us alive. What I find happens when people start running Facebook ads as they start getting anxious, as if they're being chased by a lion. And they start operating on a fight or flight. And then it stops them from actually being creative and understanding what it takes to be successful to do this. And so this is something that I teach my clients is at any moment of you creating ad campaigns to breathe through it.

[951:16] Speaker 0: And learning to calm the nervous system down when you get anxious. When you get angry when you get upset and not allowing yourself to go fully in us and I understand some of y'all might feel like that's your success strategy. That's what helps you stay on track. That's what helps you be successful that anger and that rage and that I just got to do that. I want you to understand that when it comes to running ad campaigns. learning the art of calming the nervous system down is going to help you be more effective Because what it takes to actually be successful to do this is going to require some new skill sets from you, learning how to use some new technology, learning how to use new platforms, you know, if we go into the Facebook Ads Manager right here over on my, on my computer, and we take a look at different Ads campaigns that we're running, you know, for different, different clients or in our business. You know, we can see, this starts to get a little bit complicated, you got all these numbers, you got all these ads, you got all this stuff that's running? And like, how do we know how to set all this up? What is this? How do we make sure that the videos are right? How do we make sure that the text is right? How do we okay? And so with that, it can become a little bit overwhelming when you dive into the weeds of it? And then how do you make sure that you're targeting right? And then how do you make sure that you're not losing money? And how do you make sure that what you're spending on your ads is actually working? See, and as I start talking about that some of y'all are feeling the anxiety starts to build up. So you can you can notice, I think, I think some of y'all can notice your tendency to start to get a little bit anxious, when it comes to thinking about all the stuff that you need to do in your business. Okay. One of the best ways to be effective, and one of the reasons why most people are not able to close sales, are not able to get more core sales and get more coaching clients with with their business and with their ads, is because they're letting their emotions run the show. They're letting their fear and their worry, dominate their thinking overall. And so by learning to actually call that, and this isn't as a ongoing practice, it's not a one time thing. It's something that in business, you'll be able to take this and actually really impact how you do business is that when you learn to calm your nervous system, when it comes to doing things that you've never done before, when it comes to learning new things, you will be more effective, you will make more money, you will not make as many mistakes, you will not struggle. Overall, when you learn this one thing of when things get tough when I get overwhelmed when I get anxious when I get worried when things when I feel like oh, I can't figure this out learning to calm your nervous system, as a practice that you do even multiple times a day will transform how you target your business, how you manage your budgets, how you manage your ads, how you write the ads and how you create them. Okay. So what we do is, how do we actually put all of these pieces together? Well, what I do is I utilize a tool called Chat GPT. And chat GPT is from the open AI company right here, open AI, and anybody can sign up for chat GPT for free, right now. And we utilize artificial intelligence to actually help us create our ad campaigns. Okay, so anybody can try chat GPT just by signing up creating an account. What I would recommend, though, is that you use the paid version of chat GPT. Now there is a waiting list for the paid version of chat GPT. And so there's a few alternatives if you're itching for this, I don't know when they're going to open up the waiting list for their paid version. But you can access the free version, you can skip the waiting list, chat. GPT is 20 bucks a month for their paid version, okay. It's 20 bucks a month, you can skip the waiting list. There's a company called forefront AI. And they're really right now today. If we look at December 9 2023 They're the only one right now that $29 A month is what it is you get pro access to the GPT four algorithm right here. And so that's gonna give you exactly what we use with chat GPT as well to be able to actually use the higher level the GPT for algorithm and engine, but there's a couple of free AI tools that you can use that are out there, you know, Twitter just released their, their grok engine I have grok right here. You know, obviously grok is is a different animal. As far as this goes, Google updated their Bard algorithm Bard is, is an AI that Google created that you can use. And it's completely free right here, chat GPT is free. But still to this day, the best version is going to be chat GPT four. And so upgrading to the paid plan, chat GPT plus gives you access to GPT. Four, right here. And that's the version that we use to create the best Facebook ads with. And so we're able to do a lot of research into our Facebook ads, by using chat GPT to actually help us do this, okay. The free version unfortunately does not give you the best outputs to do this. And so the best way to get access to that is going to be forefront.ai. jumping in with it with with a free account over@forefront.ai And then upgrading to get access, you get 30 GPT for messages every three hours. And most of you are not even going to use like half of that every. So basically like you get 30 messages every three hours. And then they reset after three hours is how it works. Chat GPT GPT four gives you 40 messages every three hours, the paid version right here, okay. So if you already have the paid version, that's how GPT and GPT four, use that, if you don't have access to that, this is going to be the fastest way for you to actually follow along with us and be able to get access to the GPT four engine is this. There's another tool that's out there that I really liked. It's called poe.com. But I heard that they have a waiting list now to even So poll.com also gives you access to GPT. Four, you can sign up for a free poker.com account and check them out, they are $20 a month just like chat GPT. And they give you have a certain number of prompts to use per month. So they give you it looks like 600 GPT, four prompts for your $20 that you spend, but they also give you 1000 of this 16k and 15 of this one right here. So I think one of the best value it's going to be if you can upgrade to chat GPT plus right here and learn how to use that. And listen, I understand that this might be confusing for you again, remember, remember what I literally just said five minutes ago. If you get overwhelmed in what should I do? Where should I go? What decisions should I make? Should I do this? Understand that that's normal? It's normal to get overwhelmed about what should I put in my ads? What should I say? What platform should I use? What technology should they use? What website systems what, what payment providers, what are all the like, it's normal to get overwhelmed by all of the pieces. If you just take it one step at a time, and you learn to regulate the internal anxiety and calm that internal anxiety, you can accomplish a lot more. Okay. And so the number one thing that determines your ability to target your ads has to do with the words that actually go in the ad itself. And so if you've been around the block a little while, maybe you're thinking, well, I need to learn how to target my ads in the Facebook Ads Manager and how do I set that up? And how do I do that? Okay, I want to tell you this.

[1102:08] Speaker 0: Back in 2018 2018 Mark Zuckerberg, right, we know who Mark Zuckerberg is. If I go to Google, and we type in type in Mark Zuckerberg,

[1108:35] Speaker 0: Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook, and gosh, I mean, he's worth $112 billion. It's making a lot of money off of Facebook ads, right? That's literally the only way they they make money. Mark Zuckerberg had to appear before Congress in the United States right here April 10 2018. And you can watch the video of this Mark Zuckerberg appearing before Congress. And everything changed this day. I got excited when this happened. Here's why. Facebook ads, pre 2018 It was all about targeting in the ads manager, okay. And so so this was all about oops, let me let me pull this back up here. It was all about how you set up the ads manager. And some of y'all are here today, you're like, I want to know how to set up the ads manager and all that and all that. And I will teach you that, and I'm going to teach you that. But prior to 2018, that mattered. Now, it's the last thing that matters. Why? Because they now use an AI algorithm. And they started a branch of their company, they renamed their company meta. And they started to branch their company called AI at meta, meta AI.

[1139:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And meta AI is different by the way, you know, they have their own meta AI that you can access, it actually does pretty good at writing Facebook ads, even. We've been testing it out inside of Facebook. We've been testing out if we have a conversation with with meta AI right here. Can you help me right?

[1145:55] Speaker 0: Oops, let me let me move my move my screen right here. Can you help me write a Facebook ad to promote my coaching business? This is meta AI right here, of course, I'd be happy to help you write a Facebook ad. Please share your coaching niche target audience, key benefits and any sort of pain points that you have. Okay, and we can craft a compelling Facebook app. So this works very similarly to how chat GPT works right here. Can you write for me a compelling Facebook ad to get more clients for my coaching business? To create an effective Facebook ad, it's crucial to highlight the benefits. Here's an example. Okay, so if we go into here, let's go into Bard. This is over on Google. Can you create right for me a compelling Facebook ad to get more clients for my coaching business? Compelling Facebook ad. And so each of these it's helping it comes up with these ideas for different headlines. And truly I use a lot of these different AI platforms. You know, let's go take a look at over on x.com grok right here. If I ask grok let me turn fun mode off. Am I in regular mode? Okay. Am I in regular mode? Or is it No? Yes, I'm in regular mode. Now. I go to regular mode. Can you help me write a compelling Facebook ad? Of course, here's a sample Facebook ad for your business? Are you ready to unlock your true potential and achieve your dreams? Now obviously, I haven't given any information about my business, right? And so how is this AI able to write a Facebook ad and be able to do this this is actually pretty good. With grok you know, there's a lot of different AI tools that are popping up on the on the market right now. We got Bard we got grok we got metas own AI right here. And theirs is actually got the one of the best approach. It's actually asking us this information right here, which is pretty cool. I would play around with some of these even when it comes to writing your ads. But for the sake of the example, we're going to focus in on chat GPT and meta AI right here. Okay. So what happened was, let's go back to remember I mentioned the congressional hearing. Mark Zuckerberg appearing before Congress. So what happened was, after 2018, they developed an algorithm with AI. That all it does is it looks at the written words that are on the page that you're sending people to.

[1194:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it looks at the actions that they take. And it trains their AI algorithm to show your ad to better, more qualified people. So prior to 2018 there were all these little levers and stuff that you had to pull in the ads manager now We don't do very much in the ads manager at all, when it actually comes to creating our Facebook ads. We go in there and we upload the ad. You know, if we go in here we go create an ad. And let's let's do new ad set, new ad. And this is the process that we go through to create an ad. This is literally it right here

[1207:27] Speaker 0: is we select our conversion goal, we select our pixel,

[1209:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: somebody, like how do I set the pixel up, we're gonna show you how to do that, we're gonna teach you how to do that. We have a whole course in my coaching program called pixel clarity, where we work through that with you.

[1213:00] Speaker 0: We set up what type of ad what the budget is right here, you can do a daily budget, so you don't have to worry about it'll never spend more than your daily budget. And by the way, look at you can actually set your daily budget to $1. They're one of the only platforms that you can set it to $1. A minimum budget of $1. For most people, I recommend that you spend at least 150 to $300 for for one campaign that you're doing. Okay. So 150 to $300. If you're running the campaign for 14 days, that breaks down to write about 10 to $20 a day. So $10 a day, you can literally still make six figures, running ads this way. And then we go in and we can set up our targeting, we can set up our you know what location, we type this in here. Let's say we want to just do us in Canada, we set the age minimum age 25. And this is new here, too. You know, they used to have a maximum age. Now it looks like they just do minimum minimum age 25. Let's see some of our original audience options. There we go. Yeah. So that was the advantage targeting I've moved this back to the original now we can do 25 to 55. That's what I like to do. We can do broad targeting, where we're targeting a set of people. But we don't do that a lot. That's only in the beginning, you'll do a little bit of broad targeting. And chat GPT can help you figure out who you target. The issue is this, it all boils down to what are the written words that are on the page that you're sending people to right, so here's this page right here that you're at. These words that I wrote here are not just for my health, or to make sure that you don't sign up. This is literally words where I'm telling Facebook's algorithm who this is for.

[1252:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: The words that are on this page are literally telling the algorithm who to show the ad to. And we developed these words with chat GPT. With AI, we use AI to actually create all of these words, right here, okay?

[1257:59] Speaker 0: To create an offer, that we get to market to people, and then what we do to actually create the ad effectively is we copy those words. So hopefully you're tracking with me here the process of this. A lot of people think it's like, Okay, I gotta learn all the things about the ads manager and all of that. That is like the last step that I think that you need to learn or worry about.

[1265:41] Speaker 0: It really is. It's the last step because you need to have your offer your gosh, I can't write on a whiteboard to save my life.

[1270:41] Speaker 0: You need to have your offer crosses out. Your offer needs to be able to effectively communicate with the words. So you have to create the written words that actually go in the offer on the landing page, and that's called sales copy. And that sales copy So we have to take that sales copy. And we take that. And we bring that into chat GPT. And we say, convert the following sales copy to a Facebook ad.

[1284:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right here. Absolutely, here's how you can adapt the following sales copy to compelling Facebook ads. So what it does is we wrote this copy for this landing page right here. So the starting space oops, let's pull up the screen right here. The starting place for you to actually create your Facebook ads is creating your landing page, creating your lead magnet, creating your Facebook ad, or creating your landing page copy. These words are what determines who the algorithm is actually going to show your ad to. And then what we do is we bring those words I copied and pasted them right here. I just copied them. I highlighted them right here on my computer.

[1297:20] Speaker 0: And we copied them into chat GBT. And I said, convert the following to a Facebook ad. And now it writes a Facebook ad based around what my landing page actually said. So this is how you actually write effective ads right here? And how do you actually come up with that copy? How do you actually come up with those words. Now if we go into Google bird, we can say, convert the following copy to a Facebook ad. And we're going to paste the whole thing right in there. Let's try it in grok to convert the following into a Facebook ad. And I'm also going to try it in meta AI right there. The meta AI by the way, if you don't know how to access meta AI, you go into your messenger on your Facebook account, and you look up meta AI and it will actually pull up the meta AI tool right there for you. Okay, so right here, here's a possible Facebook ads. Attention course creators and leaders want to make 2010 to 30,000 per month with our proven strategies join our free training on how to create irresistible ads. So again, that's okay, but it's not as good as GBT four is over here. See, attention course creators, coaches, trainers, ready to earn discover our groundbreaking strategies that will revolutionize your business with no ad experience, email list or text skills.

[1324:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: exclusive event for course creators and coaches. You'll discover again, it's got the bullet points, and then it has a link to register. Let's see what grok did. Here's a Facebook ad adapted attention coaches. And so it's okay. grok is as again, GPT. Four is good is still our winner.

[1330:11] Speaker 0: Google barred. Yeah, that's not giving us the best ads copy overall. Okay. But what we start with as we have to start with creating our offer copy for our landing page. So anytime you run an ad, I understand there's other ad like styles that don't need landing pages, they don't qualify the prospect well, they're not effective, they don't actually attract the right client to you the right way.

[1339:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: The most effective way to attract the right client in your business is to dial in your offer. And it starts with creating the words and the copy that you put together. And what we do is we recommend that you do this you create

[1344:59] Speaker 0: two things. A free or low cost. Offer and low cost means like seven to $17 right here.

[1350:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: We recommend that you create either a free offer or something that's very low cost. And this is what you actually run the ad to right here. Why? Because if you send traffic, some of y'all are like, can I just send it straight to my paid offer? Well, if you do that, and you're charging $500 in our tests that we've ran, you want to know how much it's going to cost you to send traffic to this to get one sale. It's going to cost you

[1357:25] Speaker 0: about $5,000 in ads just to get one person to pay you $500

[1360:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's, that's stupid. That's not smart. That's why most people lose money with their ads, because they're going this route trying to just skip all of this stuff right here. They're trying to skip steps and trying to make it work for them. And they end up losing 1000s of dollars sending traffic straight to their paid offer.

[1365:54] Speaker 0: When you need to have some kind of a way to capture their name and email address, get them on your email list. And actually connect with a free or low cost offer that you run the attitude, then in the free and low cost offer is where you build that know like and trust in you. Right? This is how we connect them. Remember that other chart where I showed you strangers on the internet that don't know who you are? They don't know anything about you, they've never connected with you? How do you build that know, like and trust with them? Well, if you're sending them straight to your landing page right here, and we've ran multiple tests to try to do this straight to your offer, it's going to end up costing you 5000 to $10,000, even get a sale. So you're gonna lose, you're gonna lose all your money, just trying to send people straight to this. And that's the breakdown where most people are disconnected, because they don't know how to actually create and craft the right irresistible offer, that Facebook needs to actually target the right people that Facebook needs to actually get the right people in your ecosystem that Facebook needs to actually make the ads work. And so the problem is that most people are too impatient. They're trying to put the cart before the horse, they're trying to get the sale, and then they lose money. And then they say, oh, Facebook ads don't work. No, you're just not using them effectively. And so the most effective way to use them, for course creators and coaches is you create one of these free or low cost offers that do these two things, they grow your email list, and they build that know like and trust. And then you get to deliver value to people using these free offers. And then you run your Facebook ad to that free offer right there. If it's not obvious yet, I hope it is. The number one thing that you need to do to actually make Facebook Ads work is creating the right irresistible offer for your coaching or course business. And so before we can even go into uploading your Facebook ad before we can even go into creating the video ad, you know, we create most of our video ads with a cell phone, we use an app called captions AI to add the captions to it very simple. I record very simple selfie style videos with my cell phone. We use chat GPT to help us put our ad copy together. Before you even do that you need to dial in and develop what is this free offer? And what is the topic that's going to bring the right people to us from the ad. So you got these strangers that are out here strangers on the internet, right people you've never met before coming in through an ad. And you're qualifying them building that know like and trust, getting them on your email list before you even start selling your program right here. And what we recommend that you do and you can do this, the process that we teach you goes from add to sale in 21 days, okay? Here's why. Because beyond 21 days, the chances of you getting a sale from somebody who came from an ad is reduced by 95%. Overall. And you might say, Well, gosh, isn't that a bunch of wasted money? No, not at all. We teach you a method to where you can basically after 21 days, you circle those people back around with you. And then you can build more of that know like and trust and then you get them on another 21 day cycle and that process of actually nurturing the connection with the prospect, getting people into your ecosystem and connecting with them and then moving them along a process with you from a from an ad will As a complete stranger, that whole process is what our entire system is built around. And so I want to invite you to something, it's completely free. Like I said, I'm not going to sell you anything at the end of today. But I do want to invite you to this happening. December 18, we are hosting a free five day intensive, called create and launch your six figure course or coaching offer. Okay. And so what we're going to do is we're going to work with you for five days, because we're already at the end of our hour and a half right now. And I need to go into my VIP with our incredible VIPs that have questions. And we're going to continue by the way in our VIP today, with what I talked about. I want to work with you through whatever questions you have, we can dive into the ads manager, we can dive into platforms, we can dive into recording the ad using more chat CPT writing the copy, we can dive deeper into that with you with the VIP here today that we're gonna go into in just a couple of minutes. Again, if you haven't upgraded to the VIP for today, it's only seven bucks, and you get access to that backstage pass, you get access to the recording from here today. And you get access to the bonus trainings as well those bonus trainings, also dive deeper into all the steps of doing this. But before we go into that I gotta tell you, for for for all of you that are here right now. This is this is your next step is actually working on creating and launching and developing that six figure, irresistible offer that's going to sell for you. And this is the right way to do this. This is how you get the algorithm to actually show the ad to the right people. This is how you actually get the right people to show up with you. During these five days, we're going to work with you on creating a world class online course or coaching offer that you can be proud of, and excited to share with the world. Even if you're not tech savvy, even if you're not famous yet, or you don't have any success or track record. We're going to show you how to get started on the right foot strategically how to do that. No more overwhelmed, so that you know exactly what to do to get the right people to buy from you. We're going to show you how to create an irresistible offer that has clients begging to jump into your coaching program not just like interested, but they're like banging down the door. Because you're qualifying the right people at the right moment in time getting the right people in front of you. This is my entire system that our clients use, I'm going to give you I'm pulling back the curtain on our whole system. And listen, we've had a lot of people they've gone through one of these trainings with us. One of the most common things that I hear from people we host these a couple of times a year is that it was worth more than a $10,000 coaching program that they had invested in with somebody else, that they had made an investment with somebody else for over $10,000. And that this free five day intensive, it's totally free. Anybody can join this, walked them through exactly what to do to actually make their ads work to actually show up in front of the right people and create an offer that's going to convert better than anything else. And so what I'm gonna do is for these five days, we're gonna go we're gonna dive into starting from day one, how to create that perfect online offer for your coaching and courses? How do you position it for maximum profit and impact? What are the exact words that you say to get people to say yes to your offer? And then this is one of my favorites. How do you automate everything with technology so that you can actually step away from your business and not have to work 100 hours and and can actually work just five to 10 hours a week? And then how do you get people to buy your coaching or courses, here's my promise and commitment to you is that right now, you might still feel swamped or overloaded by all the advice about getting clients, you might feel like you're unsure of what direction to go in your business, you might feel completely emotionally drained by the fact that you're not making the kind of money that you want to make. You might even feel like quitting, you might even feel like, gosh, I'm at my wit's end. After these five days, you're gonna have razor sharp clarity, on the roadmap on exactly what steps to take to get coaching clients in your business, you're going to have, I'm going to impart to you and you're going to get a massive boost to your confidence of what steps to take to actually earn a substantial income. As a coach, course creator or mentor, you're going to have the exact tangible action plan of what to do. And you'll be able to follow along with us to do this. And the exact the exact tested strategy that we use with our clients, and that our coaching clients use, and everybody who works with us, I have them start with these five days.

[1526:08] Speaker 0: This is the starting place of what we actually do to work with us with our coaching clients, is the first step is everybody goes through these five days, if you're not able to go through these five days, you know, I hope you have a great time. I hope you like what what you learn today, maybe get on the waiting list for my accelerator. But if you want to actually start moving the needle forward for you, the steps that we're going to give you during these five days are exactly what's going to start to move things forward for you to start to get the right results that you've been hoping for, that you've been praying for, and that you've been wanting. In your business, we're going to walk you through, how do you actually run the Facebook ads? How do you build out the platform? How do you build out the landing pages? How do you set up all of those, those campaigns in there, we're going to walk you through all of that during these five days, so that you don't have to struggle so that you can stop failing, and so that you can start being financially successful, and virtually guarantee that you can create financial success with your coat course or coaching program. That's my commitment to you. That's why we do this. That's why I do this. As I want to see you as a testimony, I want to see you as a case study. And listen, this is for somebody who is willing to take steps that they're given, they're willing to take their life and business to the next level. You have a vision for where you're going or you want one, you're willing to learn new skills, and you want to make six figures. And above all, you have honesty and integrity, no fraudster is allowed. This is not for somebody who thinks they know it all already. This is not for somebody who thinks everything should be given away for free. Here's why. Because you're gonna have to charge money for what you're offering. So if you think everything needs to be given away for free, we're going to be teaching you how to actually sell in this, how to actually convert sales in your coaching business. And that's not going to resonate with you. If you're somebody who loves to learn but never takes action. Listen, I hope that's not you. If you kick around ideas and do a lot of research, but you never actually start anything. If you hate your boss and are looking for a quick way out, listen, having hatred in your heart isn't going to really help you. And if you don't like working hard, and you really just are looking for easy street or a lottery ticket. This is not a lottery ticket. If you're a complainer a whiner, a tire kicker, you're negative, you take issue with doing things. This probably isn't going to help you. But if if you are on this list of who this is for, and you've been liking what we've been talking about, I'd like to invite you to join me for these five days, December 18. It's the week before Christmas. I understand. You know, the week before Christmas is actually a great time to really do this. We're thinking in a different way. We're thinking in a creative mindset. We're excited. And I can tell you some of the breakthrough that we've had from our week before Christmas people has been exceptional. You know, there's a testimony on this page right here, Dr. Bobby, he joined us the week before Christmas. And he spent a decent budget he put it on a on a credit card. By the way, that's a strategy for you for running ads, pay off your credit cards. Why? Because they'll give you an opportunity to increase your credit limit. You could then open up a business credit card, you know, we just opened up a plum card, they have no spending limit. They give you 60 days to pay off the ads. That's how then you can cash flow and finance a lot of that process. You know, that's how when you see people saying oh, I spent 3000 They usually always put it on a credit card, and then they pay it back off of the profit. And right away he grows 12,000 His first time out six figures. It's incredible. All right. So I'd love for you to join me during these five days. This is the next step for you. And here's the cool part. Guess what?

[1593:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because we do this we have a VIP upgrade. You got two days though, to get the get the early bird discount on this. When you register for these five days.

[1596:53] Speaker 0: We're gonna give you four exclusive bonus trainings. Plus five days with me in a backstage pass. coaching you through through. After every single training session, we're going to jump into a private Zoom Room where you can ask me questions, and we're going to work through what the lesson was. So you're going to have the training lesson. Somebody wins the lessons, it's right here, it says it right here. It's it's on the page 2pm, central time. 3pm. Eastern, is when the backstage passes, the actual main lessons themselves. If we go back to the, the main lessons, those lessons take place, at 2pm, Eastern, 1pm. Central, okay, so they're an hour long each day. And if you can't attend, you can upgrade to the VIP to get the recordings of this, okay. If you can't attend, you'll get the recordings to all five days, the recordings will be online for free for a week, so we'll give you a week to watch them for free, no investment needed, you'll be able to get those five days. But here's the thing, you're really going to want that VIP backstage pass, because you're going to be able to then jump into the Zoom Room and ask questions and actually get coaching with me for these five days on what you're working through in your business. Okay, we're about to go over to our VIP for today's session, in just a second. I would like to encourage you to jump into the VIP for this five day right here. Okay. And the earlybird discount on this ends on Monday, this upcoming Monday, December 11. instead of the regular price of $180. It's just $23 to get this VIP backstage pass. So you get lifetime access to the recordings of all the sessions, all the main sessions, you get lifetime access to the recordings of the VIP sessions, and you get access to ask me personally, I'm personally going to be in there answering your questions. You also get these for bonus trainings, the chat GPT prompt for sales letters. The getting unstuck to take massive action training. The This one's one of my favorites, the new fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business training, how to work less than five hours a week and get results and the VIP mindset training all of that as part of the VIP upgrade in here. Okay. And so I would encourage you, if you're if you're watching this here today, maybe you upgraded to the VIP here today. Maybe you're wondering, Hey, if I got today's VIP, do I get a discount on this VIP over here. This is the discount right here, everybody gets the same discount, it's 23 bucks for the five day, it's $7 for today's VIP, so there are two separate tickets, as far as that goes. And I know we went a little bit over on our session right here. I know we're going a little bit over on here, we're going to extend the little the end of the VIP just a little bit, I had to go through some of this with you It took a little bit longer than we expected just to kind of go through everything. So I understand that we're going to extend out the q&a just a little bit here on the on the back end here. We're about to go into our VIP for today. Right now I'm about to go into that room with you. And we're going to answer your questions about everything that we talked about here today. But I just want to leave you with this is that if you want to start building this, you want to start putting ads together that convert, you got to build an offer, you got to build an irresistible offer. And you got to start creating a mechanism that connects and sells your coaching for you. And so this is our entire system on how to do that, it's completely free to register, I would highly recommend you grab the VIP upgrade, the value of that just exponentially increases what you're gonna get out of it. And so I can't wait to see you, those of you that have registered and those of you that are registering during this five day intensive on December 18 through the 22nd We're gonna have a great time in there. I'm gonna go hop on over to our VIP for today's session right now, we're going to continue the conversation. We're not done here today, we're not done with this training here. Today, we're gonna continue today's training, we're gonna go deeper into the ads manager, we're gonna go deeper into the platform, we're gonna go deeper into all the step by steps of what to do to put all these ads together in the VIP. And so if you haven't upgraded, click the link. It's either on this post or it's in your email upgrade and you wait a couple of minutes you'll get the VIP zoom link sent to you. It's a separate zoom link for the VIP for today. Jump on into that I'm gonna go hop on over to that in just a little bit. Let me go to the bathroom and get a drink of water. And I'll see you in there in our VIP and we'll continue today's training. All right. For the rest of y'all. I'll see you in the five day intensive starting to see Number 18 through the 22nd Have a good one love you guys we'll talk

