Mastering Individual Sales - Lesson 4: Follow-up & Handling Objections
Date: 2023-11-15T12:13:53.000Z
Duration: 26 min
Otter ID: oB-8D4F_vSiLU1D8aKYDyUfFyeE
---

[0:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Hello, everybody. Welcome to lesson four, which is all about mastering the follow up, and overcoming objections dealing with that part of the closing process. We've already talked about how you build rapport, how you make the initial contact, how you connect with the customers needs. And all of that is important. But it won't lead to anything without this lesson right here. And it's unfortunate that a lot of people they like what I talked about up to that point, this is where things get a little bit uncomfortable. This is where they're going to challenge you a little bit. It's going to challenge what you think about sales. And this is one of those areas that I think that if we've ever dealt with a slimy sleazy salesperson that we didn't like what they did in this area, because maybe it seemed a little bit too forceful, a little bit too pushy, a little bit too much than what we feel accustomed to, here's one of the first things that I'm going to say, for you to be successful at sales at one on one sales at how you connect with people that way, you're gonna have to get a little bit more assertive than maybe you have been normally up to this point, you don't need to go to the point where you're, you're doing things that you might consider to be way too much to most people, I find that most people when they learn about follow up, and all that is that they're doing it way too passively. And that they're not actually following up, they're more still leaving the ball in the other person's court and hoping they lob it back. And that can be a big mistake, because there is there's a process that's expected in sales of the salesperson to follow up. And oftentimes the person that you're waiting to follow up with you, is waiting for you to follow up with them and vice versa. And they've been thinking about it or their life came up. And so you got to realize that the money comes from follow up. This applies whether you're doing webinars, this applies, whether you're doing one on one sales, you know, this is why we send follow up emails, we have a deadline when we do webinar based sales, because people often won't take action unless they receive some sort of follow up, that moves them over the finish line that helps encourage them, that kind of like pushes them just a little bit again, don't get all triggered by the word push when I say that, okay, understand. I'm not talking about being a pushy, salesperson. But sometimes just a little, little love tap a little bit, sometimes just a little bit of how helps move the sale forward. And that needs to happen. And you're doing a disservice to people by not doing that. And I want to change your perspective on this a little bit. You're letting your fear your worry, your doubt your insecurity of what other people might possibly think about you. Stop you, from a helping another person be making the kind of money that you want to make in your business. Okay. So that's one of the first things just when it comes to the mindset behind that. I know not all of you deal with that. But I know that some people do realize that it's a good thing. It's a form of service. It's a form of helping somebody in a powerful way to do that. I had somebody tell me, Jeremiah, it's codependent to do that. No, it's not because codependency is once they're in the door, now you're trying to maintain them and you're trying to make sure that you don't piss them off and you don't bother them not doing follow up is actually codependency. Because you're trying to manage and maintain somebody else's emotions and feelings by not doing something you're trying to control them. When you do follow up. That's an Art of Letting go of control. That's a form of you letting go of needing that person to do what you need them to do in order to feel safe and secure. And so again, this is going to challenge our own fears or our own insecurities, our own worries when it comes to follow up at that point, okay. Now, here's the thing that you want to do, you have to understand why people object to a sale. And most people initially are going to have objections. Here's what I found, in my experience, anytime somebody has an actual objection, a real objection. And they're not like being a jerk about it. But they're just like, hey, you know, I need to do this. This needs to happen, things like that. They're actually a pretty qualified sale. And that's something that I discovered and I wish that I knew sooner is that objections actually just mean that the person has a few more questions. And one of the things that I love to do is I love to flip the objection back on them with this one simple question. Jim, you know, and so if I can answer all your questions here today, is it? Is this something that we would like to move forward with? If you felt really good and satisfied with the answer? And it couldn't, they might say, Well, I'm not going to commit to anything. And so that's fine. No problem. Here's one of the things that you want to make sure when you're doing sales be agreeable. You're not there to force your opinions on them about how they're doing something. You want to be agreeable. No, I don't think this is a good fit for me. Okay, great. Awesome. Can I ask why? And even just doing that, like, Can I ask why some of you feel like you're taking the autonomy away from somebody by doing that. It's not, you're just curious. And this helps you learn how to be more curious and how to respond back to people in these scenarios and in the settings, but it does take follow up, one of the biggest mistakes I see that people make is they don't follow up, and they just let it kind of go out there in the ether. And they're hoping and praying that maybe something might happen. Sometimes, you need to follow up with an email campaign, sometimes you need to follow up with a phone call, It just all depends on how the interaction went down. Here's one of the things that you want to do when you're following up. You don't want to say hey, I hope you receive that, hey, did you take a look at it, instead, you just want to make a connection again, you want to be like a real human being you want to say hey, what's up? How's it going? And and say, you know, Have you have you thought about what we had talked about, and then reiterate something that they had told you in the report building, make sure you're taking a note of what people are actually telling you, by the way, in that process. And and say something and say, you know, I'd love to help you get XYZ so that you can start to XYZ. So if they told you, they want to pay off debt, so they don't go go on a vacation, I'd love to help you start paying off that debt. So you can go on that vacation with your family, and you start to anchor the follow up around what they told you during the rapport building process. Okay? Now one of the things that you can do, and again, this requires you active listening is requires you getting out of your head, worrying about what this person thinks about you. And if you're so worried and concerned about what somebody else thinks about you, you're not going to be able to operate with empathy, you're actually operating from a place that turns off empathy when we get into the sales interaction. And we're so concerned about what the other person is thinking about us because we're introspective into ourselves as to what we're feeling when in fact, the other person is feeling a certain way, and how they feel really does matter. And so you want to, when you can have when you can learn the art of letting go of fear of loss, I'm okay with this person, not becoming a client. When you become okay with letting go of control, I let go of needing this person to do what I want for my own safety and security. I'm okay with this person rejecting me, I'm okay with this person not moving forward and you actually learn to become okay with that part of the process, then it applies no more in any way than in the close is letting go of what happens happens. And here's the way that I love to see it is like it's like you say hey, what's up? How's it going? You get really excited. You connect you know? And whether the person's like, man, don't talk to me again. Your trash blah blah, blah. You say oh, okay, great. Hey, have a good one. And you move on and you don't let it bother you. What's the worst thing that's going to happen? A you're not going to die be you're not going to get sued for a sales interaction. And if you do become forceful and pushy and just aggressive with somebody who says uh, no. There's no harm no foul there. I think giving the person the opportunity to say no, is an important thing but oftentimes and that's that's how you handle a complete No, you know, a lot of people are just like, Well, how do you convince a no into a yes, you don't you get more qualified people that are maybe in front of you or that are a hot prospect.

[155:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of the biggest misconceptions about sales is how do you turn a no into a yes 90% of the ways that you do that are not ethical at all. They're just they're, they're nasty. And honestly, that person is gonna get pissed off at you later. Anyways, and so The only reason there are no is they just weren't a good fit to begin with. And so you want to figure out how to actually connect people that are maybes and yeses. And they just have a few questions. And this is part of the art of qualification. This is part of making sure that you're actually getting the right people into your pipeline. Overall, not everybody is going to be a good fit. So if somebody says absolutely flat out, no, I'm not interested. And the conversation move on. There's other fish in the sea, there's other people that are out there. But I spent so much on that lead, I spent so much on Facebook ads, I need them to become a sale, no, you don't need them to become a sale. It's a learning process. It's a learning experience for you, you learned what to do what not to do, in this situation, okay. And so, but most people that you reach, if you get to this point in the interaction, to where you get to close them, one of the ways that I see that people do this, too, like I said, is they'll do, they'll do a 15 minute phone call to qualify the person. And then they'll reschedule a 45 minute call afterwards, on another date very soon after possibly the next day, or later in the same day. And this is where you actually do the close. So you qualify on this initial 15 minute, see if it's a good fit. And then you close over here, if it is a good fit. And so at this point, you're very rarely going to get many knows because you qualified out the ones that are right here, not everybody who's going to jump onto an initial call with you is going to go to the close with you. So understand that part of it as well. Okay, and so for those that actually do go to the close with you. A if they, if they said, Hey, I need to think about it, or let's talk in in a couple of days, you want to follow up. And what I would say is follow up three times, especially when it's a one on one sale three times. See how they're feeling about about what they told you they want to do. One way that I like to follow up is with a piece of content that actually solves an immediate problem for them. That is like a unique piece of content, I might even make it specifically for them. A very specific tailor made piece of content overall. And then I'll send that to them, I'll say, hey, you know, I was just putting this together and I thought about you. And you literally give them that piece of content that shows goodwill, that shows that you really cared about what they're dealing with, and that you're not in it just to make money that you're actually in it to see their success. So that's been one of my strategies that I do is I'll provide some piece of content that either I found or a book that I read somewhere that I thought would really help them or something in my follow up. And then I'll say, Hey, listen, you know. Let's hop on a call again. And talk about your goals. reiterate those goals back to them. Okay? Now, the third time say, Hey, listen, I've contacted you a few times haven't heard back from you. This is where you use the when I say hope everything's okay. Follow up. And this is the final follow up if you haven't heard from them. hope everything's okay. hope hope, hope you're doing well. Hope nothing happened to you. Be playful with it not forceful. Anyways, I haven't heard back from you, you know, let me know if you if you want to move forward, or if you are not, you know, if you're if you're ready to move on from this, if it's not a good fit. And then at that point, you let it go, you just let it go again, could be a no. By the time you reach the third email like that, or the third contact, the third follow up the third phone call the third voicemail, and they still didn't reply, you can basically take that as a no. Okay? Again, nine times out of 10, you're not going to have people that are going to be that way. Most people, if they get to this point in the sales interaction with you. They really they actually care more how they look to you at this point. Okay. And so that's something to realize is that oftentimes, we get so caught up in how we look and how we feel to others, when in fact, the person on the other side of the call is concerned about how they look to you more than anything else. And so at this moment in time, you're able to handle that conversation, you're able to kind of jump into the conversation and be able to point out and say, okay, you know, listen, we had talked about this, maybe you send a few testimonies and one of the emails, maybe you maybe you share somebody who had a similar situation to them that handles an objection that they might have, you want to get to the point where you're able to pull out of them, even some of the objections, okay. And that's one of the things that's, that's really powerful, I find that oftentimes people are looking to avoid objections. And this comes that once you do the follow up, and that maybe they do get on another call with you, or they do say, Yes, you know, I do want to move forward, it's just, I got to move a few things around, great, keep following up with that person, at that point, make sure that they don't disappear from your pipeline, nine times out of 10, you can still get the sale, even if they say, Hey, I need to do this in a couple of weeks. Great, awesome. So they anchored it to their commitment, and you're holding them to that commitment. And that helps hold them accountable. And what that does is that demonstrates that you're somebody that is actually takes your business seriously, and you take what other people say seriously, and that you're willing to actually put yourself out there to make sure that they are successful. And so at that point, again, we want to listen to what are the objections that they might have? What are past experiences that they have, make sure that you're listening to those, and every objection can be reframed as a positive? Okay. Oh, it's too expensive. Yeah, I know, you know, what, programs like this, they really do cost money, they take a lot, there's, that's gone into them. But here's what I want you to think about is how much is it gonna cost you to not be able to have access to this right now, in the long run, overall. And I think that that's something to ask, you know, oh, I'm not sure if I, if I need this right now, I think I'm gonna be able to take care of this over here, share a story, you want to explore the consequences. Listen, you know, I get that totally, people do that. They go out there, they take this training, they, they try to go about it on their own, here's what we found that has happened, and you share a story, you share a testimony at that point. Or they just don't trust you, yet. They're not at a level 10 of trust. So again, when you're doing the sale, you need to make sure that the person that you're talking to, is at a level 10 trust in you, your program, your company, that means your business, that you're not a fly by night operation, and the transformation results that you're selling. So they need to be at a level 10 of trust in each one of these areas. And if they're not, anytime there's an objection, it means that they're not. And so we need to circle back around to figure out and identify, Okay, what is that thing that maybe they're struggling with, that they're dealing with, that's preventing them from getting to that level 10 trust with you. And again, this is where you get really curious as to where you really, again, start to listen to their needs and their desires. This is why you need to detach your feelings of I need to make this sale work. If you have feelings of I need to make this sale work, you're often going to push the person away, because you're going to reek of desperation, you're not going to be somebody that they want to respect, you're not going to sound like or feel like a safe person overall. And listen, that's the thing. If they get a sense, or even a vibe that you're not a safe person, they will run for the hills as fast as possible. What reads as not a safe person as somebody who needs the sale at somebody who's desperate for the sale. And so when you have an open hand and you don't need the sale, and you're okay with them saying no or yes, you just want to make a connection, you just want to get to know them, you're reestablishing that trust, you're really looping back around to that trust that's over here. Again, one of the best books on this, and I reiterate this, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort is so good about this. There's a chapter in here about what to do during some of these interactions and during these conversations.

[310:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And number one, you want to ask permission to ask questions. I'm just gonna read this from the book, towards the end of the book has some really good content on this. Just a couple of quick questions, so I don't waste your time. Let me ask you a few questions, I can best help you. Let me ask you a few questions to see what your needs are. Don't be super invasive, go for less invasive questions before you moved to more invasive ones. less invasive ones could instead of saying you know how much money do you have in your bank account? You could just you could just start by simply Getting to know them. And really what you're doing is you're desensitizing them to the stimuli of questions by asking simpler questions is why questions about their family about their occupation about what they're dealing with about their life helps desensitize them to answering certain questions. You want to ask the questions and the right tonality, you, you want to have the right body language. Even if you're on the phone, people can read the body language, you always want to follow a logical path.

[329:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to follow a very simple logical path as far as leading one question to another. So for instance, some people would ask questions like this. What part of town do you live? Are you married? And single? What kind of work do you do? Do you have children? That feels really awkward? Here's a logical sequence to ask questions. Hey, what part of town do you live? Gosh, how long have you lived there? What do you like about the neighborhood? Are you married? Man? Do you have any children? What do you do for work? So that follows a logical path to the questions to where you're unpacking, and you're actually talking like a real person. And you don't sound like somebody who's just trying to move to the next question. You always want to make mental notes of their pain, you don't want to resolve their pain on the sales call. Okay, you're not, you're not there to give solutions on a sales call, especially not the close. And you don't want to spiral off into oblivion. By missing the point of what the conversation actually is going off on a tangent, getting distracted by something where you find commonality, you want to bring things back to the conversation. So I found those are the 10 points that are in here about having that about the clothes about what questions to ask about handling objections, and things like that, that I think can be really helpful. Again, I do recommend grabbing this book, listen to the audiobook. I listened to the audiobook at least once a month, just to get it inside of me. I listen to a number of other audiobooks on sales, you can find quite a few of them on even YouTube. For instance, Brian Tracy has a book called The Art of closing. Brian Tracy audiobook if you look up on YouTube right here, actually actually have it right here. Brian Tracy, the art of closing. It's a five hour audio book right here that's on YouTube that you can listen to. I wonder if the Jordan Belfort book is on here. So somebody might have read it. Yeah, it looks like it is. Yep. There it is. Look at that. There's another book I was gonna mention to you. What's the other? What's the other one? Oh, yeah. Release your brakes by James Newman. beliefs, your brakes. by James Newman. This is a really good book. Right here. This is Brian Tracy right there talking about releasing your brakes. So this is an audio book right here by Jim Newman, all about letting go of the fear to move forward, letting go of the the limiter that we put on our lives and things like that. And so that's also another really good audio book, most of sales is literally just getting out of your head, and learning to have super empathy for the other person that you're talking to becoming super curious about them, rather than quote unquote, trying to get them to do what you want them to do. And that's one of the problems that people do is they think that, oh, sales is getting the person to do what I want them to do. No, it's finding out what drives them, what motivates them, and then delivering on what they want, giving them what they want. And if you do that, if you give people what they want. Nine times out of 10 You're gonna get what you want out of the situation, out of the conversation. Okay, so becoming super curious about what that person desires. What are they wanting? Why are they wanting to buy into this, really getting to know them really getting to make a connection with another person around what drives what motivates them? What lights them up? What are they struggling with? What are they dealing with? And when you do this, effectively, it becomes very fun. Because you're able to have some incredible, fun conversations with people because you're not coming at it from a place of an agenda of I need to make this work. I get it. You probably need to make it work. You probably need to make a sale. But you got to detach your mind from that in the situation and you will be a lot more effective overall. And so listen next week, I'm going to bring all this home together as just a few final lessons that I want to share with you. But I think that the biggest thing that I can share in closing today is that the more situations you actually put yourself into, where you're having these conversations with people, the better things are going to get for you. When you have these conversations with people. The more you have interactions with people where they get to object, that's one of the things allowing somebody to object and not trying to convince them otherwise, but rather going from a place of service as you're able to. Your goal is to help them reach their goals. That's your goal. That's what you're serving them to do. Overall, when you come to the sales interaction from that perspective, it changes the game completely in every single way. Alright, everybody, I'll see you all in the final lesson next week. We'll talk soon

