November 4: Get More Coaching Clients With Facebook Ads
Date: 2023-11-04T17:48:14.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: dxAvUTBrzbS9nMa1UJAyBnoziS8
---

[123:42] Speaker 0: You? Welcome to welcome

[160:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. How you doing? How's everybody doing today on live on this Saturday. Welcome in. Some people are still coming into the call here. You know, it's funny the weather dropped down this past week to about 40 degrees. And I decided to test out my Pool Heater, I gotta tell you all this story, listen, getting into a 90 degree pool in 40 degree weather is amazing. Getting out of it. It's still 40 degrees out. Not so fun. I thought that was I thought that was funny. Just just it was on my mind as we were talking about this, and some people are coming in. And so listen, I highly recommend having a Pool Heater if you got one if you can get one. But getting out of it in the cold weather man, that's, that's a that's a chilly experience for sure. And not like the hot chili kind. So anyways, hey, listen, I'm excited for those that are here. I'm excited for those that have taken the time to spend this Saturday with us. And as the name of the event implies, it's all about getting more coaching clients with Facebook ads, okay. We had some people write in, they said, Hey, Jeremiah, listen, I don't coach people can this helped me, I'm gonna be straight up with you. You'll learn a little bit here today. However, the way that you grow any other business other than mentoring coaching or nonfiction type training, content is way different. And so I'm only going to focus in on getting coaching clients here today. Which is why if you have a course business, if you have a coaching business, if you mentor people, this is how you get those clients. And just a little bit about myself. Actually, before I go into that, I'm just going to tell you this today, just let's bring our guard down a little bit. Okay, and why am I saying that because listen, and you all have ever been on those webinars, where it's nothing but just the speaker talking about themselves. And then they give you just a little bit of content, they tease it, and then they try to sell you on something at the end. And it's like way overpriced, you don't want to buy it things like that, listen, you're not gonna get that here today. Okay, there's nothing for you to buy. At the end of this. This is a pure implementation, no sales pitch, beginner friendly training. And even if you're not a beginner, this is gonna give you the strategies that we're using right now, to get the best cost per leads that we've ever seen. We're literally getting leads with Facebook ads for less than 30 cents, on average, about $1, but still 30 cents with some of our ads. It's like, oh my goodness, amazing, huge profit margins, we were making a ton of profit in our coaching and mentoring business with 15 and $20. Leads highly qualified, we're getting highly qualified leads for $1 and less even sometimes 50 cents, even sometimes 30 cents in multiple niches even. Okay, so right now is the best time to run Facebook ads, especially if you're a coach, mentor, or trainer. Okay. And so I'm going to give you exactly how to target the right people, how to create the best creative, eye catching creative, persuade persuasive copy, how to manage your budget, how to measure success, the right way, how to make sure to stay agile with the algorithm, how to make sure that your landing page works, right how to retarget people how to grow your email list, how to scale your ads and the right formula that we're using to get results. So a little bit about myself. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I have been in the mentoring and coaching industry, teaching trainings, selling courses, I've been in that industry for 20 years, two decades, okay. And so I know exactly what to do to actually get people to become clients of yours long term. And here's the thing, it's all about the right clients, not everybody's a good fit for what you do. And that's the cool part about Facebook ads, is it allows you to laser in on the right people. You know, we have a very stringent qualification process. For my coaching program. We don't even have the doors open to it right now. I have a coaching program over at my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, called the client growth accelerator program. It's all about getting more clients growing your bottom line and accelerating that process. And so but the doors aren't even open to this, you can get on the waiting list over here at my website. There's a little shameless plug for that because I think that if you are a coach and mentor, it's great to have a community of people that are working on the same stuff together, that can grow with you that can hold you accountable. They can support you, they can give you the training, the information that you need to be successful. And so if you like what you hear today, I would encourage you to join the waiting list for when we do open the doors here. That's going to be amazing. You're going to love it. Okay, so today I'm gonna be going over the exact strategies on how to get more coaching clients in your business. And what's really cool is for the last two years, we've been using artificial intelligence to save us a ton of headaches. To do this, this used to be super hard to run our ads before them. Now it's super easy, super simple. Even if you're not techy, if you've never ran ads before, if you don't have a huge budget, we see people doing this on small budgets 100 to $200 Now listen, if you don't have 100 to $200 to run Facebook ads with delight the training but I mean, you need to let at least a like a little bit of it's paid advertising Facebook ads are paid you pay money to show the ad in the newsfeed. Okay. So it does cost something to actually run to run Facebook ads. Anyways, a little bit about myself, what qualifies me to even think that I can help you today? Right? I'll promise you this. There's a lot of y'all you're probably a better coach than I am. You're probably better at mentoring, you're probably better at teaching even Okay, but what qualifies me I've been in the industry for 20 years. And I know how to get clients. I know how to attract clients, and I know how to create results. And I'm gonna I got the receipts to prove it. I'm going to show you first company I worked with 20 years ago, Danny johnson.com was the name of the company. And they they also go by the name of destiny global.com. Basically, they are a training, equipping coaching and mentoring business that has courses and training events and coaching to help people with their sales abilities specifically in like the direct sales industry. And so I got my start working with this company 20 years ago, helping them put their products together, I actually started as a video editor and also helped with their marketing, and helped them add millions of dollars to their bottom line helping put together a lot of the products and courses and training programs that they sold on CD and DVDs and they still sell these to this day, which is cool. So that's how I got my start in the industry. I actually approached them and I was like, Hey, listen, I know how to do video. I know a little bit about marketing, I think I could help you get more customers and, and I and that is how I got into this industry actually wanted to be a film producer actually wanted to produce movies. But I think that God had a different plan. And honestly, I today to this day right now, I feel that I have a calling to help coaches, trainers and mentors, not be stuck, get more clients make more money than they ever imagined. And so if you're here today, and you're a coach, you're a trainer, you're a mentor. I want to help you make more money than you ever thought was possible. Okay. I want to help you attract the right clients to you and close more sales in your business. Paid advertising. See a lot of people say listen to your mind. I don't want to lose money with my paid ads. Here's the thing. If you're making more than you're spending on the paid ads, you're not losing money and that's what our clients experience and that's what I'm going to show you how to do here today. Okay, so that was how I got my start 20 years ago, and then I went on and worked with my mom over at a real change.com Some of y'all know who she is. Sandy Krakowskie This is my mom. Notice we have the same last name Sandy Krakowski, Jeremiah Krakowski, her and I worked together we built this business together side by side to eight figures. So incredible impacted a ton of people's lives, helped create wealth and change people's family's future impacted millions of people's lives in fact, with the information, okay, and so then I started my own business where I set out to say, Okay, what am I take my experience and show people how to use Facebook ads to scale their businesses. And so that was back in 2018. And one of my clients that we worked with, during that time, Rick Pino over at worship coach.com We helped him scale this business to over a million dollars per month as one of our my main clients in 2018. So I'm kind of giving you the timeline of what I done in my career. 20 years ago, started with Danny johnson.com. That was 20 years ago, okay. Gosh, 12 years ago, started working with my mom over at a real change.com built that business to eight figures.

[310:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm really bad at like the math with yours. So that's why I'm like, Ooh, what is it 2018 Five years ago, then started my own business really focused in like my main kind of client bread and butter client that I focused in on was worship coach with Rick Pino scaled this to an eight figure coaching business with Rick, and then my own business over Jeremiah krakowski.com, really focusing on my own coaching business. And in the last year, we've made over a million dollars in my business over at Jeremiah krakowski.com In the last year, helping other coaches, speakers, trainers and mentors, use a Direct response copywriting paid advertising, and highly profitable offers to create their businesses. And so what I help people do is break into their first six figure level, and then go beyond that to seven figures. And so if that's you, if you're making six figures, you can use this to get to seven figures, if you're not even making six figures yet, we can help you get to that level as well. Okay, using Facebook ads, and all of the clients that we've gotten in our business, and Rick pinos business, in my mom's business that have built those businesses have come from Facebook ads, why do I love Facebook ads? because it lets you laser in on the right people. Okay, here's the problem. The algorithm on social media, organic content, is strategically designed to work against coaches and mentors, you ever noticed, maybe only get like 200 300 views with your reels. And then maybe you post something about a cat or something personal or things like that, maybe you get 1000s of clicks and stuff like that, but it doesn't turn into sales for your business, right? Sales and marketing is the most important part of having your business grow. And you might say, Well, no, Jeremiah, it's not impact is changing people's lives is. And I agree with you. In fact, I wouldn't be here today if we didn't produce results. And my track record hinges on being able to deliver results to you. And so that's what my promises here today is that we're going to spend this time for the next 90 minutes going over exactly what it's going to take for you to be able to get more sales in your coaching and mentorship business, using Facebook ads. But it starts by understanding the fundamentals of Facebook ads and why they're so effective, versus other types of traffic. Okay, so I'm just going to kind of break this down for you. Basic, if you've seen this before, if you've heard this before, understand that this is for the new people that are here, okay. So this is you right here, you're you're a coach, and you have a program right here, and you're selling your program for maybe $500. Maybe you sell your program for 2000, maybe you sell your program for $10,000, that doesn't matter. You can sell your program for 27 bucks. Honestly, I don't know if you can make any profit on a $27 coaching program. But you can't if you're running Facebook ads we've tried, you know, but what I like is people that they have like a $500 to $2,000 coaching program, running that, because that allows you to actually be able to finance the paid advertising and close sales. And I can promise you this, with what you coach people on was what you mentor people on 500 bucks isn't a lot of money, it might sound like a lot of money to you today. It's not for the right person to solve a problem they have $500 is not a lot of money. And so the first thing I'm going to say to you, if you want to be successful with Facebook ads is stop undercharging for your coaching. Okay? Because if you're only charging 97 bucks for a course, or 200 bucks for a course. Or maybe you're like well I don't know, if I have anything of value that people are gonna want to buy that's worth more than that. Understand this. It's not necessarily about your value, it's about what they desire and your ability to find the right people and close them on that you can deliver that value to people I promise you that but what's actually going to make it where people buy it from you is you understanding what triggers people to purchase from you and what gets people from a Facebook ad to become a client. Okay, so Facebook ads are this this is your this is your program, we're going to kind of put this in like a little box here whatever you do this will apply to basically anybody who is a coach, trainer mentor course creator, nonfiction author as well kind of applies to that we've actually had a lot of success with nonfiction authors, basically information that people want to learn grow in that will transform their life in some way. Okay. It will improve their life. It'll it'll give them information that they didn't have previously that they can apply run with and change their behavior on. That's basically what a coaching and mentorship business is. That's what a speaking businesses, it impacts people and so 100% impact is the most important thing. Absolutely. Otherwise, what do you have to sell? Okay, so that's the truth. But however, if you got no people to sell to who you can actually make money from Okay, so the way that we actually get people to buy from us come from a number of different platforms. We talked about organic, social media. These are your Instagram reels, these are your Tik Tok posts. These are you posting on social media, okay? Honestly, this will kind of give you like a trickle. And the way that I've seen most people, their organic blows up, because they they actually grew a brand and a community. And that community becomes very responsive. How do we grow a community where you gotta go find the people that are a good fit for what you coach, and I promise you this not everybody is a good fit for what you coach. We're gonna talk about that here in just a little bit, because that's really what makes ads effective. Making sure that you're getting the right people in front of you, targeting the right people. Okay, so organic social media, you can do let's see, we got SEO. This is like Google, this, is people googling a topic, finding you This is them finding you off of Amazon, looking up a topic who's the top author on this? SEO again, this is really complicated. And now with AI, they're basically saying that SEO is completely changing, because people can get their answers with AI, and they're going to search it with AI. So SEO honestly, not a big fan of it for coaches and mentors. If you want to learn SEO, I'm not the guy who's going to teach you that. Okay, JV partners, this is good. Sort of, okay, JV partners, has a wide range of stuff, it could be a weather could range from affiliates, it could range from your own students certification, it could be somebody else's list, somebody else's audience, let's say that you have a podcast or that has like millions of people, and they tell others about you. Now you can get customers that way. So this is how people find you that don't know who you are. Um, you could do door to door. I'm kidding. I don't know anybody who actually does door to door sales for Coach. Maybe it's a niche, I don't know. But honestly, like, it's, it's a grind for sure. But the way that I love is paid. Advertising. Why? Because of this reason. Paid advertising allows you to move this lever lever this way, pull this lever this way, adjust exactly who you're targeting to figure out exactly who is going to actually buy your program and who is not. And you can literally tell the algorithm only show my ads to people who are going to buy my program. Now, how does it even possibly know that? How does it know who's going to buy your program? Well, that's where AI comes in to play, okay? An AI is this huge buzzword right now that a lot of people are talking about a lot of people are like, oh my god AI it's gonna take over. So people are scared of AI. Here's the thing, the algorithms, the algorithm is just a fancy name for AI. That's all it is. The algorithms on social media on Facebook on Instagram are just AI that decide to show certain posts on social media. So right, let's break down social media. Social media is a news feed, there are posts, and they scroll, and you see posts, what decides what you see, well, there's an AI that actually decides that, okay, and so what you get to do with paid advertising,

[461:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the social media platforms allow you to pay to show your ad to people, and they use their AI to show them to the right people that are most qualified. And listen, this again, this might sound a little bit freaky to you, the AI knows way better than you think it does. Who is possibly a good fit to actually buy from you? It's kind of crazy how it's able to do this. I don't even fully understand it. But you don't have to fully understand how that's working to understand that they give you these tools that do it. And it's called a look alike. Okay, so here's essentially how that works. A look alike. Audience is an AI audience of people that the algorithm thinks look alike, those that purchase from you. The problem is this. If you're just starting out, you don't have anybody who's bought from you. You don't have anybody who's purchased. How in the heck is it going to know who those people are? Well, it's not there's no way for it to know that. But what we can do is we can get right really close to figuring that out. And the way that we do that is with the craziest thing that most people ignore. It's the last thing that most coaches and mentors pay attention to. And I'm blown away by every time that I teach this. People are like, well, what's the targeting? How do I target the right people? How do I set up the ads manager? How do I set up the pixel? How do I do all of this when honestly? That's like the last thing to focus on. Overall. The first thing that you want to focus on is your sales. Copy. What is sales copy? sales copy is the words that are written on your ad. When you run a Facebook ad, like let's go, let's go again, look at the algorithm right here. When you run a Facebook ad, there are words, on the ad, there's text right here. There's words written on the ad, there's words, in the graphic. There's words, I don't even know what AD This is, but I'm just gonna click it. There's words on the page right here. There's words these are words that are written, see the words. Some of y'all are like, you just show me how to target I'm letting I'm showing you how to target right now. Okay, so like, understand this. This is how you target in 2023 and 2424. This is how we're getting 50 cent leads 30 cent leads. I understand. If you're a beginner right now, you're watching this, you're like, yes, but I don't know the technical aspects. I don't know how to set up the landing page, I don't know how to set up the pixel, I don't know how to run the ads manager. Hear me out. Okay. I want you to put that in a box over here. I want you to that's important, but not yet to the conversation. Okay. In fact, it's one of the least important aspects of actually getting your ads to work. Before anything else. And this is the problem with most Facebook ads, training, everybody wants to know, the technical aspects and all of that. I'm gonna, I'm gonna just gonna tell you straight up, you can set up all the technical aspects perfectly. You can you can do all the technical stuff perfectly. And you'll and you won't make a dime without actually understanding how to do the sales copy the right way. Because the words are what target the ad. Okay, let me let me just explain this another way. So, Facebook, launched a department called meta AI. discover new ways to create and connect AI. So this is an AI department of Facebook. And so what they do is they use their AI engine. And they analyze the News Feed the comments, people leave, they analyze that. And here's what it does the AI. See, the old way that we you ran Facebook ads is you really dialed in the targeting and you got all this setup, right? And you did all of that. And you did all that. Now, the new school way of doing it is completely different. And a lot of a lot of people, a lot of you maybe you're watching this are still going based off of old, outdated thinking from over five years ago. And that's why just simply you don't understand that's it. Whereas we're in the trenches running ads every single day. We're actually getting results with our ads and this is what's working. Okay. Okay, I gotta give you some background on this. Back in 2018. Some of y'all know Mark Zuckerberg, right. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook. Like super rich dude. Mark Zuckerberg appeared before Congress. Back in 2018. You can literally watch it right here. This is our member lead story five years ago, the White House now campaign in 2016. Mark Zuckerberg senator, not because of this, Illinois that appeared before Congress. Prior to him going before Congress, the targeting was all done in the ads manager after he went to Congress. They He deleted all of those features from Facebook. And then, when COVID happened, Apple Computer released something called iOS 14. iOS 14 was an update that gave users the ability to turn off the ability for Facebook ads to track people. Okay, so all of the ways that targeting was done, stopped working after 2021. And I and I meet people all the time, they're like, Yeah, we man, we ran Facebook ads for a long time. And then they all just stopped working. And it stopped working. And so what we did was, and that's what I focused on. That's what I've spent the last couple of years really studying and crafting and figuring out for people is they changed how you actually target your ads to the right people. And it has almost nothing to do with the settings in the ads manager, it has almost nothing to do with the Facebook pixel, it has almost nothing to do with those levers. It has 99% to do with your sales, copy the sales copy on your landing page, the text in these images, the text on this landing page, the text that's written on this page right here, the text about who it's for. And so they have an algorithm and AI that actually reads this text analyzes it tries to figure out who the best person to target is based off of their algorithm that they have on the back end. And so to actually target your ads the right way, it's all about your sales copy. It's all about writing the words on the landing page that actually speak to exactly who you're meant to work with. And so this is the part that changed everything when it came to Facebook ads. And this is why most people their ads stopped working unless they understood how to do this. Now fast forward to today, we have AI tools that help us generate that sales copy. Okay, so now to run Facebook ads. We have AI that writes the sales copy. Okay, now, obviously, you're gonna have to edit it. And I'm going to show you how to do that. Then we submit that ad to another AI engine with the Facebook ads. And then this decides who to show the ad to. So the algorithm takes what you write over here. And this is actually why using AI to write your ads is so important. This is why most people make the mistake of thinking I don't want to use AI to do this, when in fact, you need to use the AI because you're using it. Facebook's AI cross pollinates itself, with the AI over here.

[614:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what you're doing is you're basically plugging into the matrix a little bit to get it to do that. And the cool part is you don't need to be a computer programmer. You don't need to understand how AI works. I get some y'all want to understand how all that works and stuff like that. You just have to understand who you're creating your ad for. Okay, so that's the first part of it, whatever your coaching is, whatever your mentoring is, we want to figure out who we're reaching before anything else, and you want to get really specific on that. So this is why most coaches and mentors don't get clients with their ads. They're not specific enough. And I meet with hundreds of coaches, and they all say the same thing. Well, my coaching helps a wide range of people, they have all different types of problems, they have all different types of, of issues that they're dealing with. And so, you know, I can't figure out which one's the right thing to focus on. And now this is really the ultimate place where people get confused as a coach and mentor is they're not sure exactly what to run an ad for and about. So here's what I recommend that coaches and mentors do is figure out where along the timeline, so this is the timeline of your client journey. The customer is out, okay. So if For instance, let's say that you do songwriting coaching and you help songwriters get their music heard by people. This can be somebody who bought their first guitar right here. This could be somebody who won an award, they won a Grammy award with their songs, okay, from buying their first guitar to winning a Grammy Award, there is a life cycle timeline. And this could be a 20 year life cycle, what you want to do is you want to identify exactly what stage on this lifecycle is the best point in time to communicate with your target client, based on when they're most likely to purchase the coaching that you offer. And so while you're coaching might help a wide range of people might help a lot of people. You want to figure out exactly what stage along their journey they're at. And then you write sales copy that communicates to them specifically on that stage of that journey. Okay. So how do we do this? How do we how do we put all this together? Listen, I understand some of you this sounds like I'm preaching Greek, the sounds completely just out of the realm of possibility for you. This sounds way too complicated, I'm gonna tell you this, it's a lot easier than you think. In fact, I've put together a whole process of how to do this. That's very simple, not super complicated, very easy that all of you can follow to be able to do this, okay. And I'm going to show you that process here. Today, we're going to break this down for you. So what you want to do is you want to make sure that you create an irresistible offer, that speaks exactly to the prospect at the exact stage on their journey that's going to be most profitable for you. What is an irresistible offer? So here's when you're running a Facebook ad, a Facebook ads basically broken down into two parts. This is the ad campaign. And this is the offer, okay? So the offer is what you're actually sending the ad to. Okay, let's go let's go over to Facebook, I'm going to show you a real life example of this. Here's an ad on Facebook right here. And this guy actually signed up for one of my trainings. I don't recognize his name. He might even beyond here today. The here's an ad that somebody's running. Oh, look, it's to online coaches. It has a few elements. It has a graphic, it has an image, and it has text. And so then when you click the ad, it goes to a page with an offer. Okay, so this is an offer page right here. It's a free offer. And here's what we found. Again, prior to 2018, when Mark Zuckerberg went to Congress, prior to iOS 14, you could send the Facebook ads straight to a $2,000 coaching program, the ad just goes straight to the program, you get clients, boom, easy. It doesn't work that way anymore. Okay. And so what you have to do now is you have to send people from an ad. And the ad should always go to otherwise you're going to lose a lot of money if you don't do it this way. Like I'm talking like, you will lose 1000s of dollars. How many y'all want us to how many of y'all want to lose 1000s of dollars with your Facebook ads? Nobody's gonna raise your hand to that one, right? Don't do what I'm about to show you. How many of you all want to make sure that you make as much money as possible with your Facebook ads? How many I want to make six figures with your Facebook ads. Do what I'm about to show you. Okay? The way to lose money with your Facebook ads is where you run an ad to your paid coaching program. You're going to spend what like if you charge $500 for your coaching And it's gonna cost you three to $5,000 in paid ads just to even get one person to buy it from you. That's not a business model, that's a great way to burn through cash. That's, that's very stupid. That's very, he said stupid, that's rude. No, it's done, it's actually is very stupid to spend 1000s of dollars and lose 1000s of dollars running an ad straight to a coaching offer. Unfortunately, that's what most people try to do. And then their offer is too vague. And so they are I mean, you're just setting yourself up for disaster. This is why most people lose money with their Facebook ads, because they don't know how to do it, the way that we're telling you, okay, you want to have is you want to send people from an ad. So this is your ad right here to some kind of a free or low ticket. And what is low ticket low ticket honestly, is under $27, I wouldn't even charge 97, I would go under 27. running an ad to something that's free or under $27. By the way, if you run the ad to something that's 27 bucks, it's going to cost you and our testing, almost $300 to get one person to buy this. So you better be able to make more than $300 off of each person that comes in off of this. Honestly, I would not do a paid low ticket offer off your ads, unless you're selling something that's a high ticket that's over $6,000 for your coaching, okay? If you're selling something that's less than $3,000. And really the sweet spot for me that we found, again, for pricing 520 500 bucks, then I would bump it up to high ticket six to 25 grand. Okay. The way that I like to do it, the way that works for us, the way that has worked for our clients consistently crossed the board this year, last year, the year before, and I believe will continue into the next year is a free offer that you run right here. And what you sell on the back of it is something that is between 500 to $2,500. Okay, and so what you do is you have some kind of a free offer, whether it be a download, whether it be an ebook, whether it be a pre recorded training, whether it be a webinar like this, you could do a single session webinar like this, you could do a multi session, you ever seen those five day challenges, things like that, that's a free offer a free course you could give away a free course, something that's free, that has value, but has one specific purpose, actually two specific purposes. Number one,

[768:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: to grow your email list, okay? So you want people to sign up with their email address, do not run your ads to something that people don't have to give you an email address for recall, you need to at least require that they give you something for what you're running your ad to. Okay. So something that's free that they can give you their email address for that delivers value to them. Okay. So, again, let's go back to this offer right here. The you're on here today. It's free. You gave me your email address. I told you, I'm pulling back the curtain on everything. You gave me your email address right here. I told you a little bit about my my group coaching program that we don't even have the doors open to I'm not even selling you something on here today. Now, that's a little bit more of an advanced strategy to not even sell something at the end of your free offer. And I actually would recommend long term to do that. I think it's great. I think not selling something at the end of your webinars is actually a really good strategy. Why? Because it builds a lot of trust with people and you can attract a lot of people much better that way. And you can deliver a lot more value to people and as a coach and mentor. It's better to deliver value on the front end before you ever ask for money. Okay, but obviously, we're doing this to run a business. I'll tell you this spoiler alert. My coaching program does cost money. You're on my email list. Now, of course you can unsubscribe anytime you want. Totally fine. won't bother me a bit. But some of you that are here today, I believe just by the numbers that we've been running on doing this for as long as we have some of you are gonna want to join my coaching program and get additional help with your business. Okay. Some of you all saw A VIP offer that we have today. Let me tell you a little bit about the VIP. I thought he said he wasn't gonna sell us anything Well, listen, it's just seven bucks, okay? And honestly, I don't make a profit off of it. After this session here today, in about 30 minutes, we're going to go to a private VIP Zoom Room where I'm going to answer your questions. And I'm going to give you clarity and guidance on anything that you might be stuck on when it relates to your Facebook ads. Okay. And so if you want to upgrade to that VIP offer, and you still haven't, there's not a lot of people who grabbed us, and that's by design, we've made it, it's seven bucks. So it costs a little something, it's not free. But if you got questions you want to ask, and you want the recording of today, and you want to be able to get the bonus trainings, the VIP offer is seven bucks, we're gonna go into that Zoom Room to be able to answer those questions. And again, I'll pull back the curtain on this a little bit. No, the VIP offer does not pay for all of our ads budget. In fact, it only pays for about 30% of it. We lose money on the front end of all of our ad campaigns. But based on the numbers, enough people who are on our email list, eventually, and it could even be months from now end up coming back and say, okay, Jeremiah, I love your content, I think you're amazing. We'd love to work with you, we'd love for you to show me exactly what it takes to be able to become a successful mentor and coach by working in your program, going through your courses, working with your community, okay. And so some of you are going to do that. But that's not why we're doing this here today. Today, I just want to deliver as much value to you of what's working for coaches, and mentors and trainers. If you follow my system, and do exactly what I am doing, as I do it, it works for coaches and mentors. So having some kind of a free offer right here that grows your email list. And that serves the purpose of demonstrating your value and builds trust with people. The way that you get paid clients is you build trust with people and a lot of people ask me this, Jeremiah, how do I know that I have anything of value deliver that that people are gonna buy from me, here's the thing. There's a system and a process that we teach in my coaching program. But I'm going to tell you how we do that right here and actually have something really cool that I want to that I want to give you at the end of today's training that's going to help you do this. Even better. We figure out one thing and one thing only, I know, no matter what your coaching business is, this is going to work for you. You want to figure out what your coaching client, right? I want you to think about this, they're not just a number. They're not just $1 sign. They're a human being. They're a person with goals and dreams and aspirations. You're coaching clients, you you are a person with goals and dreams aspirations, figure out what they want more than anything else that can give them a quick win at the beginning stage of the process, that then by giving them that quick win, it allows you to build trust with them. And once that trust is built and only after that trust is built, you get to tell them about your paid coaching. Okay. So the goal is we run an ad to some kind of a free offer for one purpose and one purpose or two purposes, growing your email list and building trust with potential people again. Not everybody is going to become a client. We had over 500 people register here today. Spoiler alert, not everybody who's here today is going to become a coaching client of mine. Some of y'all are watching hail now I'm not going to become a coaching client of yours. Great, awesome. Like I, you know, it's like just just logic dictates that like, not everybody who's going to sign up for a free offer off a Facebook ad is going to become a client of yours. But when you follow this system, the profit margins are enough that you have a profitable coaching business that can make up to 36 times your ad spend when we ran campaigns. With my mom's business and we run Facebook ad campaigns all the time for her business. We run a lot of ebook offers for her, we have this ebook offer right here. And we're able to make 36 times what we spend on ads to people who have no clue who she is with her stocks investment Academy coaching program, so my mom has a stocks coaching program that she sells 277 bucks a month $600 for six months, about 100 bucks, again, falls into that category, it's over $500 for the year, okay, it's a membership program. There's trainings in there, there's coaching, there's accountability, but we find the people by running ads with some kind of a free offer that gets people on her email list and demonstrates that value to them. Okay, and so if there's anything that you learn here today, is that you have to dial in your offer, you have to get that offer dialed in. And you have to make an irresistible offer that actually connects with your target client, then you can take that offer and bring it into chat GBT and actually have it generate your ad for you. And that's the beauty of using AI. So we utilize chat GPT to be able to do this. Okay, chat. GPT is an algorithm for those of you that don't know, that generates text content and also generates even images and graphics. Now it's an AI company, that you can use their tool. And I would recommend that you use the paid version of chat GPT with GPT for to be able to do this. So the way that we create our Facebook ads, is we focus on writing this sales letter for the landing page right here. This is the landing page that people are going to find your ad, they're going to click on the ad and they're going to arrive at a landing page for some kind of a free offer that has sales copy on it that's written about what those people are gonna get, what they're going to learn what the value is in the free offer. Some of you are like, I don't know what value to deliver in a free offer. I don't know what I could give, I have something for you that's going to help you do that. I'm going to tell you at the end of this, okay. Just hold on to the end of this because honestly, all of your questions are going to be answered by the time that we get finished with this. I promise you that. And if you still have more questions after that, let's go into the VIP and let's answer this for you. But just give me the next 30 minutes to show you this, okay.

[923:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you create a landing page, a very simple landing page, we use a tool I use squarespace.com to create all of my landing pages. It's a very simple, very cost effective platform, very easy to use, has all the tools that you need. And then I use mailchimp.com to do my email marketing. When they connect together, they integrate together, we run the Facebook ad to the landing page for the free offer. From the ad to the free offer people give us their name and email address. And then from there, we get to tell them about what we're selling what we're coding. Our coaching is how we help people, we get to deliver value we get to impact people with that offer, but you got to dial in that offer really well on that landing page and that sales copy. So how do we do that? Well, we utilize chat JpT. Okay, so chat GPT can actually create really good sales copy for you off of this. Let's say that you do you help women that are doing homebirths have a pain free birth, okay. I help women who have homebirths experience a pain free birth. Write a sales letter for a landing page for a free webinar, actually, let's do a free ebook on how to experience pain free birth. And so chat GPT goes to work. Right writing the sales copy right here. Okay, now the initial version is okay that it uses. So what I have is I actually have something that I'm going to give you right now that's going to take this a step further for you with the sales copy. Okay. If you go over to my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. At the top of it is a link to my free chat GBT prompt download, okay, put in your name and email address. write here because it's going to go to your inbox and it's going to be able to, you'll be able to search for it in your email account to find it if you ever lose it. It's a Google Doc that I've put together of all of my top prompts that we use that have generated eight figures. It's it's a 39 page document with copy and paste chat GBT prompts. And so the first one right here, if you scroll down on the Google Doc is sales copy. And what I like to do is I like to put in this custom persona right here in chat GPT. So we're going to do custom instructions. I was playing around with that. I told you that you have to act like it was an alien that landed on Earth. That was a fun experience. And we have this where it's a copy and paste from this document. You get to paste this under Custom instructions and chat GPT as to how you would like it to respond. Okay, and what's cool is Chad GPT actually trained on the work that I have done writing sales copy with Sandy Hook kowski it'll actually write it in the tone of the sales letters that we've done for Sandy Krakowski. So you copy that under Customer instructions, then you tell it to write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above in a conversational informal and persuasive tone. So let's go take this original prompt that we have here I help women who have home births experience a pain free birth. We're in a free sales letter for a webinar let's open up a new ones that actually has the customer instructions. Were in a sales letter for free well and are basically above in a conversational informal and persuasive. Attention all expecting moms say goodbye to fear and hello to pain free birth experience. Are you dreaming of a beautiful natural home birth but secretly terrified of the pain? See how it immediately goes in on the on that right there? Oh, now let's compare this by the way to the previous version that had just generated. This is already better by adding those custom instructions into chat GBT. And by telling it to do it in a conversational, informal unpersuasive tone. Let's look at the one that it generated previously. It was it was decent. But it was like discover the serenity, a pain free birth and length guide. Imagine welcoming baby home. And I'm inviting you to take the first step. That's what I would call weak language when it comes to sales copy. Once we added the customer instructions here from my prompt document, it's like putting it to level 100. Initially, attention expecting moms, it's very specific right away as to who it's for. Are you dreaming of a natural home birth but secretly terrified of the pain? You're not alone, every powerful mom wants to be? Yep, let's face it, the thought of the pain can cast a shadow on this magical time. That's why I created this webinar for you the serene birth blueprint. And so what this is doing is chat GPT is able to help generate for you the sales copy for your offer. And so we have a number of prompts right here, that if you paste these in here, it actually improves this even better. It'll it'll go through and it ends up generating. What are the pain points fear of unbearable birth during homebirth lack of access and distrust to medical intervention vention for pain relief? The AI is generating all of this information about your target client. Why is any of this important? What we're doing is we're priming the pump. Okay, you remember back in the day with like, a What are we talking about? Like a water pump. And you had to prime it. Remember these, you had to push it and initially there's nothing that comes out because it ends up. It sucks it up. So that's what we actually do with chat GPT with these prompts, we end up having it generate this and what it's doing is it's priming the AI to make it even better, even more accurate to write even better sales copy for you. We have this epiphany bridge problem. That's why we have these. It goes step one, step two, step three right here. Okay, here's the epiphany bridge prompt. solution and outcome generates a fictional backstory. What is the desired outcome of this? Once you go through, and we have a number of different prompts that you can do on here, we have the outcome and results generator, sales letter questionnaire, storytelling sales copy framework. I'm going to skip ahead and I'm just going to type this one in right here. Let's see if we can do another sales letter in a slightly different tone that has a little bit more empathy and it's based on the issue or problem. Are you ready to reclaim your birth experience? Are you tired of the constant worry and pain and fear of the pain of childbirth? I know what it's like I've been there to where the experience of holding a baby was tinged with the anxiety of impending pain and I felt like I was preparing for a marathon. I'm inviting you to apply As a transformation where fear turns into power, and pain into strength Are you fed up with the nightmare stories of labor pain, that make your heart race? Let's kick those fears to the curb? By the way, you can use these prompts for any sort of offer that you do. Why are we doing this? Will this become sales copy that then you can use for your free offer? Okay. And maybe you're watching this, you're saying, Listen, I don't even know what to make a free offer on. This can help you figure out different ideas on how to do that, you know, I have a prompt right here, that actually helps us come up with different webinar titles or different webinar topics and things like this, just by figuring out who it is that we're working with overall, okay? Here's the beauty of doing this. Once you have this sales copy that you get to use for your landing page,

[1054:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that people are gonna sign up for some kind of a training that you're going to do some kind of an ebook offer. Now listen, you're gonna have to create the ebook, you're gonna have to host the training, you're gonna have to, like actually deliver on what that offer is, of course, I get that, okay. But what matters the most is the words that you use the actually go into this offer that make it irresistible to the right person, then those words, the sales copy, goes into the algorithm on Facebook, and tells Facebook, who to show the offer to, okay, so to get your ad in front of the right people, you really want to dial in this free offer right here. And it's going to be related to what you're selling on the back end. So whatever you're selling, has to be related to whatever your free offer is. How do you know what to give away? In the free offer? How do you know what's too much? Here's my methodology of doing that. It's like, the whole process of building a coaching business is multi nuanced. The whole process of getting your songs, if you're a songwriter, getting your music out there getting millions of streams is a process, what I do is your free offer gives people the start, basically, you're giving them a trial, a demo of starting with you and you don't hold anything back with us. Notice I'm not holding anything back from you here today. But this is just the start, it takes a lot more than just an hour long training to learn how to grow and scale a coaching business to six and seven figures, okay, then what you do is you charge money for the implementation, the process of once they're started, how, what are the next steps and the next steps and the next steps. So you give away the start of your process the whole thing. You don't hold anything back, by the way, that's the key. That's the secret. That's one of the number one things most people do wrong. They're not specific enough with their offer that's specific enough about who they help. And they're holding back way too much because they quote unquote, don't want to give away too much. As soon as you get rid of being afraid of giving away too much you will attract way more clients that are going to actually buy from you on the back end, I promise you that, well, if I give it away, why are they going to want to buy it from me.

[1098:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: They are going to need help, and guidance and accountability and support and direction. To implement this, they're going to have questions, they're going to have things that they're going to want you to guide them through after they reach that goal after they accomplish something they're going to have a next stage to go to. And so when you figure out what are those things that people need? What are the goals that they have? What are their dreams and desires? What where are they trying to get to? What are they trying to reach and then you create an offer around that specific thing. You can run paid advertising to get people on your email list, to get people to read an ebook to get people to take a free training, to get people to attend a free training to get people to download a free course with you that's related to that topic. Now here's the issue. A lot of people who do this, they put out ebooks that nobody nobody reads. They create free trainings that nobody listens to. And it falls flat and nobody buys from them. And so there is a nuance to actually figuring out exactly what to give to people. That is going to get them to show up with you. Okay, I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to do that in just a quick second right here. Okay? Once you have that sales copy, just stick with me, we got about 20 more minutes here, this is all going to come together, and it's gonna make sense. Okay? Once you figure out, Where is your client trying to get to, and you start working with Chad GPT, to put the sales copy together, and you build a landing page, and you figure out what is that exact topic that people are going to actually show up for to listen to? What's that exact thing that's going to be important enough for them to make the time in their schedule today was important enough for you to make the time to listen to this training, right? You made it important enough for you to show up here today. So you want to do your free offer, the starting point needs to be important enough to your target prospect. This is why it matters. Who first, who is the person that you're reaching? What are their dreams, if you can get them to believe that you're going to deliver on their dream by showing up to listen to you in your offer, whatever your download is, whatever your free offer is. And they fully believe oh my gosh, that's the answer to what I've been praying for. That's what I want. That's exactly what I need. And they show up and listen to you. Now you have an audience that you can sell on your program. But how do you actually get those people to sign up with Facebook ads? Okay. Let's go back to the beginning your sales copy? The words in the offer? are what get people to show up for you the words on your How do you target your Facebook ads the right way. The words in the sales copy are what determines where Facebook ads show your ad to not how you set up the ads manager, not how you have the pixel setup. Not all that technical stuff that comes later. Not even having the perfect landing page, or graphics or professional videos or the perfect. Any of that any of this technical stuff. Honestly keep it simple. Keep all of that super simple. Even if you're making $10 million. Keep it simple. We have found that unprofessional selfie style videos made with a cell phone convert way better than a highly produced professional video ads overall. And so then there's a prompt in my prompt document, the one that you downloaded over here over the chat GPT prompt document. I feel bad for the people that have already logged off this training, that aren't listening that aren't watching anymore. That gave up those of y'all that are still here, give yourself a congratulations. Give yourself a hand clap because honestly, you are getting an understanding what we're talking about here. There are people who they joined us at the beginning. And there's like that this isn't this isn't working. And I understand that this isn't for everybody. This process isn't for everybody. But if you're still watching this right now, this is going to work for you. Okay. So in the prompt document in the Google Doc. Under categories, there's a category called advertising. That's the next category. Under sales copy, we've actually categorized this out for you. There's a Facebook ad prompt right here. Okay. And so this is the actually this is the customer instructions for the Facebook ad right here. First, an instruction. Custom instructions just means the personality that's going to take on in the ad. Okay, so if we go to chat GPT here, and we click on custom instructions, and we put this in here. Now it's not going to do it for our existing sales copy. So you have to start a new chat window for to apply that new customer instruction. It's going to now tell it to become really good at writing Facebook ads. Okay. So if we take the sales copy that we wrote right here, for the pain free birth model. And we then we started a new chat and we say actually, let me go find let me go find the better sales copy right here. This is the good sales copy right there. We do a new chat that has the customer instruction for the Facebook ad copy, which I will say so there's there's a little bit like complicated how you do this. You got to copy the sales, copy and paste it in You're, and then you just scroll to the top of it. And you grab this prompt right here, where it says generate problem agitate solution copy. It's actually not for the above, it's for the below. And then right. And I would split this up into two separate ones, generate problem agitate, solution copy for the below. So it's going to generate what's called P A s copy, problem agitate solution copy for Facebook ads. Problem feeling anxious, imagine stress melting away, discover how to transform fear free webinar. So because we gave it the Facebook ads brain, it's able to kind of come up with this for us. Problem, agitate. It identifies the problem, it agitates it, it creates a solution. Again, we're priming the pump to create really good Facebook ads off of this. Okay. Now what I can do is I can say right Facebook ads based on the above, copy. And sometimes I'll put right for Facebook ads copy, based on the above copy, here's four versions based on this. Are you worried about your upcoming birth, don't let the fear of worry eclipse the bliss of the first cuddle, you deserve to look forward to bursting with joy? Not dread, I would remove the agitate and solution text right here. I don't like that it's generating that for you. Do so as a Facebook ad remove the problem, agitate solution text. So now you just got to tell it what you wanted to do. And then it will actually do it better. That's how the AI works in chat DBT. There we go. So now it's actually basing it off of that, but it's writing them as ad copy, ready to meet your baby without fear. Every sin to be bombed deserves an experience filled with joy, not dread. If thoughts of labor pain, keeping you up at night, our free webinar will transform us join us for this free training. So the idea is we took the sales copy from our sales letter, and we converted it to Facebook ads copy that we can now run in the Facebook Ads Manager. Then we have another prompter here that can generate a video ad for you as well. And this will give you a starting script to use as a video ad. Hey, they're amazing moms, you ever wished you could skip the labor pain and just fast forward to holding your baby? Listen, I totally get it. I'm a certified birth coach, the mom who's been right where you are. I've helped 1000s of women reclaim the joy of childbirth. That's why I put together the serene birth blueprint webinar for you. It's a treasure trove of effective pain management strategies and powering techniques that are perfect for anyone whether you're a newbie or just starting out. So what are you waiting for? I'd love to see you on there. Register now. And that gives you a script. And we can actually set it and say you know generate for other scripts like the above to test as Facebook, video ads.

[1250:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it'll generate a couple. Okay, let's be real Does the thought of labor feel like you're climbing a mountain? I'm a birth coach with over a decade of experience helping moms like you turn the journey into joy. And guess what, even first time moms can experience it. Don't miss out on this, I'm hosting a free training called the serene birth blueprint where I'm handing you the entire blueprint on how to manage your pain and have a positive birth experience. Okay, so this gives you scripts that you can use for video ads that you record with your cell phone. Very simply, you can record one of these. You open up the camera on your phone, you can record it. Listen, are you a mom wanting to have a pain free birth and maybe you're afraid of it being a painful birth, I get it. My wife experienced a very painful birth and when we learned about pain, free birth, it changed everything for her. My wife and I we're hosting a training this Saturday, I'm gonna we're gonna walk you through what works, how you can experience a pain free birth the best way possible, click the link register now Don't miss out. Okay, so I record that with a cell phone and then we use an app called captions.ai. So captions.ai is really cool. It allows you to take a video ad and it adds captions to it for you like this one. I want to walk you through step by step how to get more clients with Facebook ads, don't lose money and actually make them work for you. So this Saturday, I'm gonna walk you through step by step my entire process that works so that you can get results as well. Click the link register for this free training guys. These were the ads that we ran for this training right here. These are the ads that we ran for this training right here. We found the kitty so I recorded it with the cell phone. And then we'll use captions AI to add those captions back. Then we get to upload those to the ads manager. And we get, we go in there and we can target exactly who is a good fit for what our offer is. Okay. And I'm going to show you just real briefly at the end how to do that. But I want to tell you again, remember, the sales copy is the number one most important way for you to target your ad to the right people, that's exactly what's going to actually get the ad to work out. So even setting up the pixel, even setting up the ads in the ads manager. That that part of it, we'll walk you through how to do that, we're going to show you how to do that. That part of it, it starts with setting up an irresistible offer that actually gets people to buy from you. And so there's something that I'm actually hosting in two weeks, that is going to help you do that it's completely free. I'm hosting a free training called the start and grow your group coaching the six figures, five day, online intensive, where we're going to work with you for five days to create an exceptional world class group coaching offer, to build out your program to figure out what's the best topic that people actually want, we're going to walk you through the art of crafting an irresistible group coaching offer that has clients begging to join for you. We're going to walk you through exactly how to lower your dream clients in with you how to put it all together? What's the tested proven process of launching an offer with ads with Facebook ads? How do you figure out what that start point is? How do you figure out exactly what words to say? How do you dial in exactly what's going to get people to show up and produces sales for you. In this free five day intensive, the start and grow your six figure group coaching intensive, I'm going to pull back the curtain on all of that with you. And we're going to spend five consecutive days together an hour a day, November 13 14th 15th 16th, and 17th. You get to work with me for free. Working through actually putting your offer together. actually figuring out what's the best starting place. If you don't even know what to create an offer on we're going to help craft that with you. We're gonna help you develop your marketing plan the entire thing start to finish, so that you can start to get results with your coaching business, here's what we're going to spend five days doing day number one, it's all about creating that perfect coaching offer. Even if you can only attend day number one, it's worth taking the time, on a Monday, going through this, okay, we're going to walk you through, remember I talked about today, you do the starting point, and then what's going to give the transformation. That's what I'm actually giving you for free. Right here during my five day intensive, I'm giving you I'm not charging for it. It's free. I'm giving you our entire process for free start to finish that you can use to create that perfect offer. And then we're going to walk you through how do you position it for maximum profit and impact. Day number two, day number three, we're going to dive into even deeper into the Facebook ads of what are those exact words that you say, to get people to buy your program? How what do you say in your ebook? What do you say in your training? What do you say in your webinar to actually get people to become a client of yours? How do you communicate persuasively? How do you actually sell people without being slimy without being sleazy? Without being gross and disgusting? And actually have integrity? Actually being honest with people actually working with people producing results for them with your offer? How do you do that? And what do you actually say to get them to become a paid client? We're going to walk you through all of that we're going to give that to you for free during these five days. Then day number four, this is where it gets really fun. How do you automate everything? How do you put it all together? To where you don't have to spend hours and hours and hours doing this for your business? And then how do you actually get people to become a paid client of yours? Not just a one time deal. But something that's going to be long term? How do you get people that are long term commitment ready people in front of you for your offers? How do you actually get the right people showing up to listen to you? That's what we're going to walk you through on this. And so listen, if you feel Gosh, I'm overwhelmed by all the information about getting coaching clients, it's out there. If you feel like you're struggling to know what the path to take is, if you feel like you're not making the kind of money you want to make and you possibly feel like maybe you're gonna quit this coaching thing. Don't quit. Spend these five days with me working with you and how to start and grow, right? How do you get clients? How do you grow this thing? How do you actually make it scalable, to a six figure level, we're going to break all of that down for you, after these five days, you're going to have clarity on exactly what to do to get more clients, you're going to feel confidence. To be able to create the kind of income that you want to make as a coach, you're going to have Tanja a tangible action plan of exactly what step by step to do to actually put this all together for you. And you're gonna have the tested strategies that we're using in our business. To do this. It says so right here, most people usually charge big money for this type of training, we've actually had a lot of people, they've gone through a previous five day that we did a couple of months ago on this. And they, they've told us Jeremiah, this free training is a guy named Seth, he told me this, this free training, I paid 10k for a coaching program. This free training that you delivered was better than that 10k coaching program. And so listen, put me to the test. Join us for these five days to start to put that offer together. For you, okay, we're going to walk you through how do you create that as the landing page? How do you put the sales copy together? How do you structure that ad? How do you put all of those pieces together? So that you can actually attract the right clients to you? How do you set up your ads the right way to actually get people to buy from you, we're gonna walk you through all of that, our entire system during these five days, so listen, I'm excited for those of you that are registered for this, we're gonna put the link in here. It's completely free. cost nothing. But there is a VIP upgrade as well, with this training, okay. Here's the VIP upgrade right here. If you sign up for this totally free. Okay. I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna show you what the VIP upgrade is right here. It's $23. And you have till Monday, November 6, to get the earlybird discount on it. It's 23 bucks. You get five days of coaching and a backstage pass with me. Okay?

[1397:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You get to ask me any question you want after each session. day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, you get to go in the backstage pass and ask me questions. Anything you're dealing with anything that you're working on, anything that you need help with, I got you, I'm going to walk you through it, I'm going to show you step by step, we're going to pause, we're going to go back and forth and do this. So you get those five days of coaching with me. And the five days of training, the training is free. Anybody can join for free. But you get to join me in the backstage pass for 23 bucks to add to ask me questions, and work with me through each of these steps, okay, you get the recordings to those five days, you get the recordings to the five days of the backstage pass. There's also pre trainings that we've already loaded up into this for you. You also get these five bonus trainings. Okay, so I actually threw in from my high level client growth accelerator program, the chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle, where I break down step by step, how do you create that sales letter that actually attracts the right clients to you? I'm giving you that from my paid coaching program that people have invested 1000s of dollars for I'm giving it to you for free in this bonus training. How do you get unstuck to take massive action? Listen, there's a lot of there's this might seem complicated, you might you might get stuck along the way, trying to do this, I get it, it happens. We all procrastinate. I got stuck yesterday doing something, it still happens to me. But there's a system and a process that you can do to get unstuck so that you don't have to be stuck in your business. Okay? And then how can you do all of this while only working five hours a week, we're gonna break down our system for you in this bonus training, the fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business, exactly how you don't have to work hundreds of hours to be able to build a six and seven figure coaching business. And then if that wasn't enough, I believe that mindset is actually the most important part of all of this. If your brain isn't right, if your brain is stopping you from taking action, if your brain is preventing you from actually putting yourself out there, your mindset is what's going to help break things out for you. We give you the VIP mindset training that's included, to help you get past those limiting beliefs to break out of what can produce burnout for you so that you don't have to work like crazy and you can start living a life like nobody else like most people dream of with your coaching business. And so you get all of that with the VIP upgrade as part of this by joining us for this okay. I would love to spend these five days with you if, if you want to know okay. How do I put an offer together that that works for the Facebook ads? How do I actually put those ads up? How do I how do I craft that sales copy in the right way that gets people to actually buy from me. I've shown you the process of getting started. I gave you my chat GBT prompt document here today, I gave you the prompts that we use to create a video ad script i By the way, all of my video ads are like this. They're just selfie style ads like this. None of our clients, I recommend doing super crazy professional type of ads, simple ads work. Using captions, AI, keeping it simple. That's what's going to produce results for you, okay?

[1454:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't sleep on this. Start this process, start creating an offer, start developing your sales copy, start playing with chat JpT and start putting together some ads, start writing some add scripts that you can use to reach your clients. And then join us for the five days on November 13 14th 15th 16th, and 17th. And work with me to put your offer together to start building this thing to start creating one of these businesses that's going to pay you six and seven figures. This is the blueprint of what makes ads work right now. Okay. There's no other process that I know that works better than this. Every other process is 10 times harder, takes way more effort is a lot sleazier and slimy, you're like, first off, there's no sleazy or slimy to any of this. This is about producing results for people. This is about delivering on what you promise to people, this is about creating something that you can be proud of, that also attracts the right people to you. And so we're going to work with you for these five days on how to actually put all of those pieces together to be able to create a six figure coaching business for you. And I'm excited for those of you that are registered. Even if you don't upgrade to the VIP, you don't have to grab a free ticket. Join us for day number one, I think it's going to really impact you, I know what's going to impact you. If you are a coach, if you're a trainer, if you are a mentor and you want to know the exact process start to finish on how to implement what we've talked about here today. And you want that blueprint of how to put all this together, this five days is going to be that for you. Okay? Remember, I told you put aside the technical part of launching the Facebook ad, creating the Facebook ad. There's great training on YouTube, by the way that can show you how to do that. The technical aspects of that I have courses that I give you in fact, during this five day intensive, we're gonna give you something that's going to show you exactly how to do that. Okay. Creating an irresistible offer is what decides who the ads actually show to. That's how you target the ads to the right people. Okay, you can even use chat GBT to help you a little bit with this. There's a few different methods of targeting when we don't have a look alike audience yet. We got to do broad targeting. And so chat GBT can actually help us find what that broad targeting is, generate me 20 possible broad targeting ideas that I can type into the ads manager

[1500:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: pregnant women new parents maternity wear parenting magazines baby registry services. This is who you would target initially, but only in the beginning until you get enough people clicking on your ad and watching your ad video. By the way, this is why add videos are way better than just graphics by themselves. Okay. Graphics are great. You can even use chat CBT to create graphics. Chat. CBT has this function where you can go in right here. You can say okay, here's my ad. Here's my Facebook ad. I'm gonna copy all of this right here. And we can go in and chat GBT and we can add a plugin for Canva and we can say generate me a template for a Facebook ad graphic based on the following and Canva will literally go to work and start putting together Facebook ads templates for you. Look at this generate me a Facebook ad graphic template with Canva so now it's using the Canva plugin in chat GPT to be able to come up with a few little templates that you can use for this Facebook ad. There we go. There's that online webinar ad it's literally generating your templates with the AI and finding these great templates. And then all you got to do is you just got to open up this template and put in the name of your webinar the name of your free training. Okay. You can also go in and you can you can use our they call Dalli Dalli, three, the deli three mode generate me for Facebook ads based on the following sales copy. Let me try putting it in brackets sales copy brackets sales copy. And dally three is the image generator part of chat CBT. Here's a video ad scripts based on your sales copy. Can you generate me generate me an ad creative image that we can run ads. With deli three we'll go deli three is the AI is going to go to work and create a an image that you could run with your Facebook ads. You can have a generate meme ads, you can have a generate templates for different ads. We use this for a lot of my Facebook ads, different things like that, okay. But it all starts with dialing in the sales copy. This is great. Look at this. This isn't this would be an awesome image to run, like for the pain free birth that the AI generated you an image that you could literally download and run for the Facebook ad. We're using this for a lot of our Facebook ads, we're actually generating them with AI with chat GPT. Here's another pregnant moms sitting around on there. That's awesome. That's so cool. That's so cool. And so listen, this is how we create the ads that are working right now that are getting us 30 cent 50 cent leads. But it starts with having an offer that people actually want to sign up for. And so work with me during these five days Register now for this, I promise you it's going to be one of the best experiences you've ever had. I stand by that. I know that I know that this is going to be impactful for you. And I cannot wait to see those of you that are registered for this. Okay, listen, those of you that are registered for our VIP for today. I'm gonna go hop on over to that VIP. I'm ready to take your questions. I bet you're itching with questions. If you have questions that there's other things that you want me to teach, we're going to continue this training here today for the next hour, hour and a half in the VIP. Okay. So like I started the training here right now, we're going to break down more of the stuff if we will, if you want me to dive into the ads manager with you, if you want me to dive deeper into the like, how do you do the targeting settings. If you want me to dive deeper into the pixel stuff, join us in the VIP and ask those questions. Okay, if you don't have the VIP, you can still register for it. We're gonna put the link here and register grab the VIP. We'll send you the Zoom link that you can have. You'll also get the recording to it. Okay, so I'm excited to go into the VIP for today with you. Just I'm sure some of y'all are thinking Jeremiah, if I sign up for the VIP for the five day, can I get today's for free? They are separate. They're two separate VIPs Okay. All right. And for the rest of y'all if I don't see you in the VIP here that I'm gonna go hop on into. I will see you on the five day intensive starting November 13. We will talk soon thanks for being here. I'm gonna go jump into the VIP see over there in just a second.

