Launching Your 6 Figure Evergreen Group Coaching Offer
Date: 2024-12-18T18:52:53.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: bj8MQjbJtJ0psa9AU_03QdSlsA8
---

[0:14] Speaker 0: Welcome. Welcome today. Listen. I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that you've logged in with us to learn about launching your six figure group coaching evergreen offer. That's what today's promise is. That's what we had on the landing page right here, launching your six figure evergreen group coaching offer. And by the end of this 90 minutes, you're going to have a complete blueprint of everything to do that's going to work for you, to automate in your business what you need to be able to grow your business, to be able to reach your goals. And so listen, if you are a coach, mentor trainer, you want to make 10 to $30,000 per month. You don't want to burn yourself out. You don't want to wonder, Where does my next client coming from? This is the right place to be. And so I just have to ask, for those of you that I have not yet met yet, let me know, is this your first time here? Drop a little fire emoji or something in the Q A and let me know that you're here. See a couple of people. I see Sue, Shonda, Joe, Mary, awesome. This is great. This is awesome. Alright. Well, listen, for those of you that I have not met yet, I have been in this space, in the online coaching and mentoring space, for the last 21 almost 22 years. It's the end of 2024 almost 22 years. And I got my start doing helping create CD and DVD products for a company that I worked for. And that's where I got my start, almost 22 years ago, was helping put those things together, and honestly, I had no clue how to market in my business back then when I started and so, but I saw the opportunity in group coaching and mentoring, and so that's what I want to bring to you here today as a process that I've learned over 22 years in my career of working with Literally 1000s of people mentoring 1000s of people like yourself on what does it take to be successful in your business, and what I've learned over the last year, we've revamped my entire business to move away from doing a lot of live events. You might be saying, Jeremiah, this is a live event. This is a live event. However, we're not doing live events permanently for everything that we're doing in our business. And so what we've done is we've taken doing a few live events per year instead of doing them every single month, and everything else in our business is evergreen and on autopilot. I don't have to show up live. I don't have to, you know, clear my schedule and miss time with my family to be able to do stuff. Now, when I'm coaching my clients, I do have once a week where I meet with them every single week, live in my client growth accelerator program. And again, that's something that I'd love to tell you about just a little bit, is our accelerator program where I work with you and I actually become a part of your team to help you succeed in your business. Right now, we actually have an incredible opportunity where you can jump in and try it out for 14 days, absolutely free. My mastermind program on how to do this. So I meet with this group of people every single week, once a week, and I work with them on their sales copy, their offers, their landing pages and everything. We have a learning library in there to help them get results, and that's what you'll be able to do too if you jump into our accelerator program. This trial is for a limited time. You can try it out risk free, doesn't cost you anything to get started. And so again, I'd love to extend that invitation to you to try out our accelerator program and see the difference that it will make in your business to be a part of this community that we have together. Now it's my mission to help you get results. The goal of today is not for you just to hear me share a bunch of great stuff, some great ideas that I want to share. It's not for me to pitch you on my accelerator program. It's for you to get results. And that's what I want to do, is I want to walk you through from where you are to where you want to be in your business. And here's what I believe. I believe that if you can learn how to automate things in your business, and you can actually remove yourself from having to be on call 24/7, in your coaching business, if you can increase your finances to six figures, it changes everything for you in your life and what is possible for you. It opens up new opportunities for you. And this business thing that you've been trying to get working is no longer just something that you're trying to get working. It's something that is actually working for you, that you can feel confident, that you can show up and say, You know what, I have a multi six figure or I have a multi seven figure business that I'm helping people every single day. In today's world, it's hard to make money in a way where you can help everybody. And right now, the economy is crazy. Inflation has gone up so much that the median household income is now considered 100 to $150,000 per year in most places. Now, sure, you can live in rural areas in the United States or around the world that might cost less than that, but for most people, for most of you that are watching this right now, you gotta be making at least six figures to have the middle class lifestyle that most people wanted to have. Well, here's the thing, I don't want you to just have a middle class lifestyle. I want you to thrive, and I want you to be able to make 20,000 30,000 even $40,000 per month in a business that you can automate. You only gotta work five to 10 hours a week in your business and get results doing so and so what I'm going to be showing you here today is how to actually launch an irresistible offer that attracts clients to you like crazy, that gets people wanting to work with you, begging to work with you. That's what we have in our business, as we have people every single week who are begging to work with us in our business, they're coming to us saying, Jeremiah, I love what you have. I want to get the results. I want to become one of your next case studies. And if you're watching this right now, again, I'd love for you to become one of our next success stories, one of our next case studies, like my client Kim, who was able to make over $40,000 with her offer in a down market, in the real estate market, or like Ian Carroll, who was able to make $40,000 with his offer. Or like Dawn, who was able to make $35,000 per month with her offers. Or doctor Shandi, who's able to bring in almost $15,000 with a test offer, using exactly what I'm going to be showing you here today. And so what you have to understand is that in a coaching business, to be able to get the results that you want number one, you have to learn what is the number one outcome and result that your prospects want, what is the thing that they want more than anything else, what is the desire that they have, and most coaches that I meet, they're so caught up in the weeds of how they help people that they can't articulate what it is that the client actually wants. Sure they help people in a certain way, but they can't piece it together and communicate it in a way that actually attracts new clients to them and gets people to become a paid client in their business. The other thing is, is this, is that when you're not getting the kind of clients you want, or it becomes feast or famine, or you're working so many hours to bring in clients, and it becomes just a long, arduous process to be able to make this work for you, it actually pulls you out of your creative state. Neuroscience has found that when we are not in what I call a child like play state of mind, and this doesn't mean childishness, this doesn't mean immaturity. This is this is something that I think we learn as adults. We learn we can't be childish, but if we learn to have childlike instincts in our business, and we learn how to build our business from a playful, fun place. I want to be more like my kids. I got two sons, Halston and Kyron. They're under two years old. It's, it's, it's fun. I'm in the in the thick of the sleep deprivation we got the the newborn. He's just now two months old. But I love it, and it's worth it, and it's worth every minute of it. But I see how my son, Halston, He's two years old. It's almost two years old. He turns two in January. How he plays, no, like overthinking, no, oh, I hope that this is going to go how I want. He's just reckless abandon having fun while he's doing that. And you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, but business is professional. When money is at stake, it's sure is professional. Why would I be so flippant and reckless, I'm not encouraging you to be what I'm encouraging you to is to think like a child with the wisdom of an adult, and the way that we are able to do that is by getting you out of feast or famine, by getting you into thriving making six figures. Something shifts when you start to make six figures in your business, and it compounds. And it's way easier to go to seven figures than to just stay at six figures. I've had the blessing of building multiple coaching businesses over the eight figure mark in my career, and I love seeing the results that happen when people go from virtual obscurity. Nobody knows who they are. They haven't built anything to making multiple seven figures, like my client, Joshua Giles, where, when he came to me, he had no clue how to put all this stuff together. And I showed him, piece by piece, exactly what to do in his business, and he was able to make over $150,000

[159:13] Speaker 0: one month, $200,000 the next and beyond, like my client, Rick Pino, while he had a number of people that knew who he was, he didn't have a business that was scaling and making the kind of money that he wanted, and we were able to work with him over the course of a couple of years to where he was able to make over ten million with his worship coach brand. And now goes on beyond that, and actually mentors people in this. And so it all boils down to having an irresistible offer a strategy that works without you needing to be the one that everything is relying on and the ability to automate it. Here's the thing. This used to be really, really complicated couple of years ago. Now it's so easy, and that's what I walk my clients through, and now, as well, with artificial intelligence, we have the ability to be able to save ourselves a lot of time, a lot of effort, to be able to do a lot of the heavy lifting with the AI. The AI is not replacing us. The AI is not doing our work for us. I'll tell you this. That's never going to happen. It's not going to do our work for us as coaches and mentors. I thought maybe it would at some point, but I can tell you, diving deeper into it, what's going to happen is this is that AI will do certain work tasks, but the human mind is a growing, evolving thing that is never going to be tapped into to the level that AI is. And so what AI does is it helps us automate a lot of the marketing stuff that we might struggle with. I use it a lot for coming up with ideas for my social media content, for for our landing pages, for our lead magnets, for what we're offering to people. And I'm going to show you some of the ways that we do that as well. Here today, in my coaching program in the client or accelerator, we actually have courses where I walk you through all the steps of using AI in your business. You have to realize that for you to get from where you are to where you want to be, you have to catch a vision of where you're going. You have to be able to see the possibility of making six figures. I want you today to see the possibility of this, to realize that it is 100% possible when you get into an environment like this here today, surrounded by people that are just like you, that are doing it, that are making it happen, and that are not making excuses, but producing massive results in their lives and in their businesses. And that's what I'm here to show you how to do today. Okay, so what we do is we use a combination of artificial intelligence to help us brainstorm some of those things, and again, we'll demonstrate some of that to you. And then we use what I call my three step approach to offer creation. Here's what the three steps are. Number one, you have to know how to find the right people who are the right people that you want to work with. And if you're just starting in a coaching business, maybe you've never built a coaching business before. You want to launch it. This is the topic that you're going to coach on. This is the niche that you're going to work with people, and this is the outcome that you're going to solve, and then you find people that actually need that. Now the beauty is today with social media, it allows us the ability to tap right into the algorithm to actually find exactly who those people are that need what we offer as coaches and mentors. It allows us, if we can create pieces of content that find exactly who those people are, and we can draw them into our business. And that's the next part. Is we need to promote our offer. Okay, we need to find who the people are, we need to promote our offer, and then we need to close more sales. And this is the part that I noticed that a lot of people miss. This is the part where I notice a lot of people get stuck on and unfortunately, if you don't even begin the process of figuring out who you help, you don't have any chance of making any of these steps working if you want to make six figures, you gotta get all three of these in alignment, working together. Now, again, you might be saying, Jeremiah, I don't have the topic figured out. I don't know what to do. I'm overwhelmed by all the stuff that I have to do in my business. Can I tell you this? I know what that's like. I know what it's like to feel like there's just so much that you have to get done and there's so little time to be able to get it done. But it does not have to be that way. When you jump into something like our client growth accelerator, you're able to join a community of people, and you're able to break it down step by step into the individual steps of what to do that's going to get you results. Now today, I'm going to break down what those steps are practically for you, and we're going to go through all of those steps here together. So number one is, if I'm going to figure out who am I helping, I'm going to load up AI into something like chat GPT, and we're going to load this here, up on the screen here, and I'm going to say, Make, make me a list of the top niches to coach in, or make a coaching program in in my business. And so again, if you've not even figured out an idea of who you want to coach or how you want to help people, you can really use AI to come up with different ideas as well. Maybe you might ask the AI ask me a series of questions about myself to figure out what the best niche to make in my business is, and what it can do is it can actually start to ask you a series of questions to help you identify what that niche is. So what you're going to do is you're going to be able to find people that need exactly what you can offer uniquely. You identify what is the thing that you help people with, and then we figure out, okay, how do we find those people? How do we connect with them? And we do so by creating a two step offer sequence. And this is the approach that we use in our business. Step number one again, we're going to figure out, what are we coaching people on? This is what we charge money for in our business. So to create this offer, you want to price it at least $500 or a payment plan of like $47 a month, that's going to put you right into the profit zone, into your business, being able to be profitable. If you want to make six figures or beyond, it's really, I'm going to say, actually impossible to do so selling anything less than $500 or anything that's less than $47 a month. I know that maybe you want to help people, and you want to be the cheapest option, something that's affordable for people. But can I tell you this at the end of the day, when it comes to actually making this a full time thing for your livelihood, we have to think bigger than that, and we don't want to attract broke minded people. Broke is not just a challenge in your bank account, but it's also a way of thinking. It's the type of person who they refuse to make an investment with you. They refuse to spend any amount of money on anything. They just want what's for free, and they just want what they can get without making any kind of investment. I mean this honestly, some of you here today, I hope that's not you, but I know when we offer free things like that, some of you, that's you, you, you're you're never going to pay any money. You're never going to invest in anything and and again, you know, if you want to build a business, it does take some money to make money. It takes about 300 to $500 a month in software to be able to build your business. It's going to take maybe about 500 to $1,000 a month in advertising if you want to outsource it to a team and have a team that helps you, also build it like we show you how to do, how to outsource it to an overseas team that can help you, that can also run you an additional 500 to $1,000 a month. And so again, you might be saying, well, gosh, by then it's already $2,500 a month I'm spending. That's where the broke mindedness comes from, as realizing that that's an expense to build your business, and that in business, it does take money, like if you started a franchise, it cost you hundreds of 1000s of dollars. Whereas in the coaching business, whether it be the software, whether it be the team that helps you, whether it be getting all of those pieces together, you're going to have to realize that there is some investment involved, and you gotta call people up to a higher level to work with you, to pay money with you. In fact, what I like to do is go above this and actually charge about $2,000 per year, or $200 a month to work with me. In fact, in my client growth accelerator program, that's what the pricing is and and by the way, I find that it's extremely affordable for what people get to be able to work personally with me in there, where you actually get to have me come alongside you and build your business with you to get you those results. You can try it out for 14 days over at our website, over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash accelerator. But the that's what the price breaks down to, right there is once you jump in after the 14 days, if you want to continue with us, it's $197

[313:38] Speaker 0: a month right here. Okay? Or you can get six months for 997 and again, I find this to be extremely affordable for people. You have nothing to lose for trying this out. Just write us within 14 days and say, Okay, it's not for me. But I'll tell you this, we rarely have people actually do that, because they see what the value is, and they plug in, and they see the difference that it makes in their business. So again, these are the two different offers that we want to do. Let's open this up just a little bit. I'm going to show you this number one, we have our paid offer, and this is what delivers the results to people. This is what delivers the transformation. This is what is actually going to get people what they paid for their money is worth. This is going to be your flagship signature offering that's going to actually make you profitable and make you six figures. Now the next thing that we need is, we need some kind of a free or low cost offer. Now I'll tell you this, you're not going to make money off of this. This is not going to make you money. This is used to lead people over here. Okay, so the free or low cost, at low cost could be something like $7 $27 even as high as we've seen, $97 for people right here. Okay, so let's say that you're charging $97 for this offer right here, and that's a real premium offer. This is what you're going to promote through social media. You're not going to promote this offer right here, where we see is that a lot of coaches and mentors, they're like, Well, I just want to promote my coaching program. I just want to promote my group coaching program. And unfortunately, this is not going to make them any money, because you have to do the most important thing, build trust with people. Building trust with people is what gets people to buy from you, and these are a mechanism that build trust with people. Now here's the part that involves evergreen, okay, two things in your coaching business. The way that you can make it to where you only have to work 10 to 15 hours a week is you can provide

[349:50] Speaker 0: the community the information. Okay, you can provide the transformation, and you can produce results for people working less than 10 to 15 hours a week. You allow people to have the accountability

[357:10] Speaker 0: and and the support that they need by having them in a group coaching program. And here's the difference between a one on one coaching program one on one coaching you're trading your dollars for hours. You're trading your time to be able to help people inside of a one on one coaching program. And so while one on one gets great results for people, I'll tell you, group coaching is way better because it allows you to dial in exactly what people need. It allows you to serve people at a high level, to get them the results that they want, the results that they absolutely crave, in fact, by getting them into a community with you, with like minded people, you can have the information in the form of recorded classes. And by the way, you don't need a lot of these to get started, so the recorded classes do a lot of the work for you. The Community allows you in a group to have people come in. The way that we do it is we have a Facebook group inside of my accelerator program that people can actually work with me right here in the Facebook group. Let me pull it up, and they can post their questions, and they can get their questions answered, and I'm in there every single day answering these questions. And people got. Questions about their ads, about their landing pages, about their lead magnets. And I'll tell you this. Here's the beautiful part about it. You might be like, Oh my gosh, what if I have hundreds of people that are asking me questions every single day? Here's the truth about people. They aren't all going to ask questions all at the same time. They're not all going to be asking you for help all at once. You'll have a select few group of people that really ask a lot of questions. Even if you bring a lot of people into your program, even if it's the best program on the planet, like what we offer in my client, growth accelerator program, you're still not going to have everybody every single day that are diving in there asking questions with you. And so what that allows is that you're not spending a ton of time with that. And if you know the subject matter, and you know how to help people, and by the way, we can use AI to help us shore up the gaps for things that maybe we don't know about, I do this, and I'll tell my clients, I'll say, Hey, I used AI to answer this. Here's what the AI says. If it's about something that maybe I don't have an answer to, I'll direct them to find it, because as a coach, I don't need to have all the answers, but I do know how to find the answers for them, my clients are looking to Me for guidance and direction, to know what their next steps are, to know what the next step to do is that's going to get them results. And so inside of your coaching community, you get to provide that to people for one simple, low cost. And that's why having a group coaching membership, and you can meet as few or as many times as you want. I know some people, they meet for one hour a month, and then everything else is pre recorded in there. That's amazing, because they can truly provide a ton of value to people during that one hour a month to answer questions. They can answer questions in the group, the Facebook group, or in the in the Slack community. I know some people that use discord. Some people, they'll use a school community. The community that you use doesn't matter. The software that you use does not matter, okay? And there's a lot of different softwares that are out there. In my accelerator program, we actually have a number of different trainings to show you how to use different softwares to grow your business. We're creating new trainings as well every single month on how to use these different softwares to benefit you and your business, so that you don't feel left behind, so that you're not struggling and wondering what to do. So what I do is I pre record this stuff. I take an hour a week and I load up that content. I record it during some time when my kids are sleeping, and that's how I'm able to serve my clients. And I'm able to take the questions that my clients ask me, and I'm able to bring that to the table with what we're solving their problems with. Okay, so that's what we have in a group coaching program. We bring it together in a group, we wrap it all together, and we create a way to market it and promote it to people. And the way that we want to market and promote these to people is by having a simple landing page. This right here that you see. This is a landing page. This is a page where people can find out information about our program, and you can read up on it. We'll send you an email with the information on this. It shows you details about all the courses, different bonuses that we offer in there. Here's another offer right here. This is a landing page for chat GPT prompts that you can grab and for this class that we that we're doing right now, the one that you're on, this is a landing page to our free offer. Okay, so now what we want to do is we want to look at, okay, what is that result that I am delivering with? And you have to understand what's going to attract the right people to you is by knowing what is the outcome and the result that people desire. So you make a direct connection, a beeline shot from where somebody is at right here to where they want to be, whether it be success, whether it be relationship, whether it be health wealth relation, and by the way, those are the kind of the three categories that a lot of people encompass in their coaching programs. They'll either dial in one of these three, health wealth or relationships, or they'll do a combination of those in a life coaching type of a program. And we have a number of clients that are in different niches, from health to life coaching to spiritual coaching to dating coaching and everywhere in between, that are using this system to be able to do this. What you have to understand is the customer journey, or what we call the hero's journey. And what this is, is this allows you to take your client and make them the hero in the narrative story of their life, to get results fast. So what I'm going to show you this right now is this part of Joseph Campbell's Monomyth hero, Hero's Journey model. So the hero's journey is this and why does this matter for coaching? Because every single potential client that you have is on a journey with you. When they find you, you're on a journey here together, where they find a call to adventure. This is your social media content, the supernatural aid. It's not even really supernatural right now for this, for our coaching businesses, it's the algorithm. The algorithm helps us find the mentor that's you right there, and then you help bring people through the challenges and temptations. This is what they need somebody to help them with. This is what in my coaching program, I bring you through the challenges and temptations and transformation that you're going to go through while you build your business, while you build your offer, I'm going to help you, guide you and direct you through all the things that might be stopping you from getting those results. You know, our clients are looking to us to help us bridge the gap with them from where they are to where they want to be. Most of our clients, our potential clients, they have a place that they want to get to right this could be success. This could be wealth. This could be family right there. But then they're over here, and they're standing at this gap right here, okay? And in the bottom of this gap there's sharks and there's demons, and there's all this stuff that they're scared of and worried about, and it's rising to the top, and you have the ability to help them across. This is you right here as a coach, as a mentor. And what you've done is you've built a bridge, and not only that, but you're actually joining them where they are at and bringing them to where they want to be. So what you have to do as a mentor is essentially when you're creating an irresistible offer, this is why this matters. When you're creating an offer in your business, you gotta demonstrate that you know what they're struggling with. You know what the pitfalls are. You have the bridge. You're going to be there alongside them, and you're going to bring them to the destination that they want to get to go. And you can do it because you've done it with others, and you've done it for yourself. I'm going to say that again, you understand what the struggles and frustrations are. You understand what their desired outcome is. You're going to come alongside them to lead them across a safety bridge. You become that safety bridge that helps people, that keeps them from struggling, from needing to figure out on their own, from losing everything. And my clients, that's what they get from me. They get the ability to jump into our ecosystem and that to have trust that when they're in there with me, that I'm there to guide them, that I'm there to direct them, and that I'm able to actually produce those results, because I produced it for hundreds of people before, just like them. And so what your job is, this is you gotta build trust in the mind, in the mind of the people that are out there that are looking at what you have to offer, that you can do this, that you can help them do that. And so the mechanisms that we do for that are this, and this is why it's evergreen. Okay,

[516:10] Speaker 0: you're going to figure out, what do they desire more than anything else, what's the number one thing that they want more than anything else, and then what's stopping them from getting there? And then you package that in these two offers. You have your paid offer right here. This is what you might charge, let's say, $2,000 for and that's what's going to get them across the gap. Your free or low cost offer

[525:58] Speaker 0: is the first step. So you created this bridge to get them from where they are to where they want to be, and this is the first step. So then what you do is you start promoting the first step along the way on social media to find the people that are looking to reach this goal. So you tell them, Okay, here's what your goal is, here's what your outcome is. I can show you how to get there, because I've done it before. I've done it for myself and I've done it for other people. And then what we do is we build out very simple landing pages, lead magnets, that's like what this is, and you can even create them automated. And this where the Evergreen part comes in. Doing live events like this is amazing, but it's time consuming. It can take a lot of energy to have to deliver a talk live. Guess what? You don't have to you can use what's called a combination of an evergreen offer like this is one of our evergreen offers right here. This is a instant access training on how to start an online course or coaching business, and I got my different testimonies here with our clients. We have this very simple landing page with copy that people can read. Here's another one right here that we did, all about getting more clients with Facebook ads. This is an evergreen offer right here, all about getting clients with ads. Okay, here's a client of ours that we helped build an offer with that's an evergreen offer called the Health IT was this health series. It's a three part training series on living your best life during menopause. We help this client do this generate a 1000s of leads within a month. This brand new business that she started, was able to make multiple six figures, and is on track to doing seven figures this year, with pre recorded training that people were able to get access to for free, that we promote out to people, and then we're able to lead them to what we are trying to get them to purchase. And so part of the process of building the Evergreen system is having the right mechanisms in place, having the right deadlines in place, having the autoresponder emails set up, being able to to send emails to people that once they opt in and sign up, you can send them an autoresponder that promotes your business to them, and so when you do this right, you don't have to work a ton of hours to generate leads in your business, to promote it and to sell it to people. When you can figure out what is the thing that people want more than anything else, what is the outcome that they're looking to have. You can create an offer and then record a training, a video training, or you can have an ebook as part of your offer. And you can have people sign up for a lead magnet to get on your email list. Then once they're on your email list, this is the key. This is the key to the Evergreen system. Once they're on your email list, they have, really one of two options. They can either buy your program from you, okay, or if they don't buy your program, you can send them YouTube videos. Record simple YouTube videos, one one video a week, one video a month. To send value to people, you can send them additional evergreen trainings. And so the goal is okay, they joined your email list with this evergreen offer, but let's say they didn't become a client, because that happens. Not everybody has become a like not all of you. I know some of you are. You're going to jump into our accelerator program, and we're going to have an amazing time working with you in there and helping you get results in our accelerator program. But not all of you are, and so until you unsubscribe from my email list. I got a YouTube channel that has 1000s of videos, and we're making new videos every single week. You're going to get other offers that we send out emailed to you. Maybe you've been on our email list for a while, but eventually, each of these does one thing, it builds trust with people so that they trust you enough to jump in your program and become a client. Because eventually, when people keep seeing that, okay, you're a person of your word that you actually do the things that you say that you're going to do, that you produce results that you can get them results they become tired of sitting on the sidelines. Some of you are going to become tired of just sitting on the sidelines watching this here today. Maybe you've joined us for a number of different trainings. I saw, I see a lot of names that I recognize on the on the on the guest list here today, but it's ready for you to jump in. It's time for you to jump in. It's time for you to stop making excuses or reasons why you're not ready now to be able to do this. And so the way that we do this is we go through a process where, once we figure out, who do you help you want to write sales copy. Okay? And sales copy is the words that you use that get people to buy from you. And AI is one of the best tools now that's out there to being able to creating the sales copy that we want in our business. So let's say that you help women that are struggling with menopause. In fact, this sales copy right here was written almost entirely with artificial intelligence. We were able to go through a series of prompts figure out exactly what people need problem solved, and write the text with the sales copy right here, then we're able to convert this over to advertising campaigns, to social media content, to what are the things that people are going to buy from us? Like, if I just take this and I say, okay, convert the following offer into a Facebook ad. The AI starts to generate the Facebook ads copy for us that we can run ads with, and that's exactly how you could promote a business like this. Or let's say you just have an idea of what you want to promote. Let's say that you want to I help women over 40 find love and date in the dating scene, generate me a sales letter in an informal, conversational and persuasive tone for a pre recorded video training that is 30 minutes long about this topic that I can promote with social media as an offer on a landing page or a lead magnet. Okay? And that's a prompt that you can use right there. And the AI will start to generate us a sales letter, it'll start to generate us language that you could put on a landing page, just like this one right here. The AI starts to write the language so you don't have to come up with it on your own. And by the way, over my website, over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, just in your own time, you can go check this out. I have a free chat GPT prompts document right here. You can go download this and check this out, and it's a Google Doc that you can go through and you can start to generate the best sales copy for your business. It gives you marketing ideas for webinars and helps you find the pain points. Look at this one prompt right here. If we pull this up right here, we can start to ask the AI to give us the different pain points. Pain points, they feel invisible, undesirable in the dating scene, objection that don't just want another generic course, fear of being alone for the rest of their life, spending time and energy and dead end conversations and dates, feeling out of place and disheartened, wanting to feel adored and cherished by someone who truly sees their so the AI is helping us put together headlines. It's helping us put together perspective on how to promote this to people. And then you can put together a training of some kind, a video or an ebook that provides value on this topic. And here's a really cool thing right here, we actually have on this prompt document prompt that we just included, called the webinar outline generator. This is going to generate an outline for like, a 90 minute webinar, but honestly, you could use this for a 40 minute or a 30 minute webinar of some kind, if we pull this in right here with that data and have it generate us a webinar outline. Look at this. Introduction, welcome the attendee. Set a positive tone. Today is all about you share your own experience with dating, relatable struggles you share about that, by the way, this is the same structure that we use here for today's webinar. This is the same structure that I use for my evergreen webinars. This is the same structure that I mentor my clients in in my accelerator program, and I help them be able to craft these trainings that actually deliver results. And so listen, it does not have to be a struggle

[685:05] Speaker 0: to be able to get the kind of results that you want in your business when you can learn how to connect with the buying emotions of a prospect. That's what sales copy does, and then you can learn how to promote it. You can learn to promote it. Wrote that a little backwards with social media, with an advertising campaign or with organic content, you can start sharing. What is the result that you deliver to people? How do you help people? And then from there, you can do a video training like this, where you provide value to people, and you actually walk them through a process. What you help them with? You figure out what is that exact area that that they might be stuck on? How do you make sure that you don't give too much content away? That's exactly what we help people with in my client growth accelerator program, as we walk you through step by step, exactly what to say, how to say it, how to build it all out. We show you the process of building out your landing pages, your lead magnets and all of that. And so listen, I'd love to see you become a part of that. The doors are actually open in our accelerator program. We don't leave it open all the time. We actually are closing them to enrollment for new students on Tuesday, December 23 Okay, that's the day before Christmas Eve. December 23 Well, that's actually Monday. We actually have this wrong on the on the page here, we'll get that updated. It's on Monday December 23 and you know what? Maybe we can extend it until, no, we're going to make it Monday December 31 we gotta 30/23 we gotta log in there and change that and make sure that that's updated for us on Monday, December 23 is when this opportunity to get this 14 day trial ends. Listen, you can build a six figure business and still do a presentation and have the days wrong on there, on the live presentation. It's not so it's not something that I'm like, Oh my gosh, oh no. Because honestly, I when I put that together, I might have been a little bit tired when I typed that in, and so we'll get that updated. But that's what I want to tell you, is that if you can jump in before Monday, December 23 you can try out our program for 14 days. And I want to give you three of our best courses, risk free, just for trying it out. Number one landing page blueprint yours to keep. Never wonder how to put your landing page together. In this course, I'm going to break down the science and the why behind the top landing pages that we use in our business and understand what's going on. I'm going to show you how to build them out our Facebook ads. Basics for newbies, course, how to know exactly what to say in your Facebook ads to promote in your business, how to know exactly how to put an ad together, what to say in the ad, when and what's going to produce results for you, so that you don't have to lose money, so that you can make sure that it produces the results that you want in your business. And my seven figure Squarespace funnel building, course, this one's amazing. It's brand new and updated for this year with the brand new version of Squarespace. Squarespace is the most cost effective software for building funnels that it's out there. This is Squarespace right now, and this is, this is what we we love, using this to build in our business. If you look up their pricing tiers, it's super affordable. You can get started for 16 bucks a month with Squarespace. Okay, not only that, you get our archive, our list of courses that you get with us. You get the Evergreen funnel secrets course where I'm going to walk you through step by step how to build out an entire evergreen funnel. What do you say to record it? How do you set up that automated system? How do you put in the mechanism for the deadline? How do you set up those email autoresponders so that it starts selling while you sleep? This is our complete course that walks you through that we're going to show you how to build an audience, how to run Instagram ads that work. Instagram ads are the most effective and cost effective way of getting clients in your business. We're going to show you how to build out your sales letter and your landing page with AI. We're going to show you how to generate six figures in your business. What's the content that you should create? How to create successful webinars and challenges and events like we're doing. We're going to walk you through step by step the process of making webinars like this and trainings like this. What do you write in your emails? How do you create seven figure email marketing campaigns, offers that sell? How do you automate everything? There's another automation course, pro video editing for those that want to learn that. How do you run an impactful mastermind group? We've got you covered, and you can read all the different courses that are here. AI ebook writing, we teach you how to use go high level if you want to system EIO, we got the Squarespace course, chat, GPT courses, MailChimp, mailer light for email marketing, how do you outsource and build a team in your business? Sales, copywriting, Facebook ads, Facebook pixel. Mindset coaching, recurring memberships, how to sell a sales course to make you a trained assassin sales person, how to nurture your subscribers in the right way, time optimization. And this is just our list of courses that are in here that you get access to as part of this. We even got a Tiktok ads course, which is amazing. And so listen, I'd love to see you become a part of this program. I'd love to see you jump into our accelerator program, and if you jump in right now before Monday December 23 it's Monday December 23 not Tuesday. We're going to give you three bonuses. Number one, the quick start training, where I'm going to walk you through step by step, exactly how to get started fast and get results in your business so that you're not struggling to be able to get clients that you're not wondering, okay, what is it going to take for me to actually get results with this? I'm going to show you in an hour and a half how to get the most out of this as well. You're going to get the recordings of our offer Launchpad masterminds, but I'm going to tell you why that's important, because we're actually hosting our last offer Launchpad event on january 23 and 24th it's a three hour event that's exclusive for members to this program, and it's a two day event where we're going to help you build your offer. We're going to help you launch it. We're going to help you put it together during these two days. It's on a Thursday and Friday, and we're going to show you from noon to 5pm exactly what to do to launch this, and you get all the recordings of our previous offer Launch Pad events. So not only do you get the courses, not only do you get, by the way, included with this, you get our Facebook group community. You also get our total online six figure roadmap course, and this is really the flagship part of this. This is something that we invested a lot of time and effort into putting together, and I'm going to show you what our members area actually looks like. When you log into this, you get to Start Here section right here, which shows you exactly how to start has the Fast Start Training. But this is our total six figure roadmap course, where I walk you through the foundations of online business. Easy guide to tech. How to find your niche, sales messaging, structuring your messaging and sales copy, promoting it, funnel, building. This is a complete blueprint course, and how do you launch it for success, to make six figures in your business. I believe this is, this is like, it's a 13 lessons long, and each lesson is, is anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes long. It's, it has everything, no stone unturned. And then inside of our program as well, we have a number of different courses and trainings that, like I showed you that list in there, that breaks down any topic that you could imagine in your business. But inside of this total online six figure, road or not, we're going to show you how to find your ideal client, the whole process, how to promote your offer, and, most importantly, step by step, how to close the sale. In our program, we break down every aspect that you need in your business in a very easy to navigate members area that includes our Start Here section. We have our monthly and these are actually weekly group coaching calls. If you go here that that was a little bit of an older screenshot, we'll we'll need to update that one. We actually have weekly group coaching calls in here. Okay. You get our webinars archive. We actually get to see the different webinars and how we're promoting our business. And then we have broken down simply into beginner courses, intermediate courses, and our library of any sort of skills that you want to learn, that you can go through in our Facebook community. You can ask any question, anytime you want to, anytime a day. 24/7 get the answers that you need in your business. We have our Monday calls where we meet with you every single Monday at 11 or not 11am we meet with you at 1pm we we just changed it to 1pm we meet with you, and it's going to be permanently at 1pm central time, 2pm eastern same time as kind of this training was here, but it's on Mondays, and we're going to meet with you then to be able to help you build your business. There's a live training every single week that we host. There's live Q and A calls. We do a hot seat ad copy and rewrites inside of our program as well. In our courses, check this out, I'm going to show you inside of one of our courses,

[837:18] Speaker 0: we give you checklists. Every lesson has a checklist of what to do. You also have a summary and a complete transcript of what's in here. And here's why the value is of this. I've actually created this where you can copy this transcript, and you could take the transcript into AI and start to ask it questions. So what are the best first steps to do in the following transcript. You paste the transcript in there, and the AI will answer simply for you what the first steps are. Okay, set your goals for your evergreen offer, prioritize consistency, validate your alignment, create your core components. And so that's what's amazing, is not only do you get the video training for me, not only you get the checklist and the transcript, but I actually show you every single week the cutting edge ways to use AI to grow your business and to get results fast. And that's exactly what we're showing people inside of our program. Here is how to get results fast in their business and how you can as well. Listen, I'd love to see you in there. I'd love for you to get those free courses. You get these three courses just for trying it out, trying the program out, risk free for 14 days. And you get these three gifts, the landing page blueprint course, the Facebook ads basics for newbies, and our seven figure funnel building course, all for the low price of zero to try it out for just 14 days. And if you want to continue after that, it's $197 a month, month to month. You can cancel any time, or you can jump in for six months and actually save $185 off. You get a whole month for free with us when you do this. And it's actually for every year, it's basically two months free every year that you get for jumping in at our six month rate. Okay, listen, I want you to succeed, and I promise you, if you're not satisfied for any reason after that, those 14 days, we'll just cancel you out and we'll part ways as friends, and you get to keep those courses for free there. Okay, listen, here's the difference that this makes in your business, and this is what I help people with every single week, and why our accelerator program is different. We show you how to put your niche together in a way that works. We show you how to write your sales copy, what to say, how to say it, your messaging. We show you how to optimize your promotions and your ads and your funnels and your content, and we, above all, teach you how to master the sales skills that you need to be able to get people to buy from you, how to deliver presentations that people love, they love watching, and that actually produce results. And what this does for you is this is going to take you in your business, from having complicated messaging to persuasive messaging, you have to know how to persuade people in your business. You have to know how to get them to take action. You have to know how to get them to choose, to do the thing that you're calling them to, this is going to take you from a low impact, that's what a lot of coaches have, to high impact, okay? And most importantly, this is going to take you from sporadic income to consistent, predictable. Profits in your business, and what this is going to create when it all comes together, the trifecta is financial and time freedom. This is going to create true filling freedom in your life and in your business, to be able to help you succeed, to be able to help you get the results that you want. And we've actually created this little diagram right here. It's on our it's on our sales page. You can look at that right there. Our program is different than anything else that's out there. We're it's filled with exact examples of what to do and processes that you can copy and implement. We hold your hand through every step of the process of building your offer and launching it. We give you the process of how to pre sell your program so you don't have to waste a bunch of time building all this stuff out that you can actually get profits before you even have a program built. Maybe you might be saying, Jeremiah, I'm not at a place yet where I'm ready to build a business. I'm not at a place yet where I'm ready to promote an offer. We're going to show you how to actually pre sell an offer before you have it all built out. The weekly coaching allows you to get your questions answered. And in our coaching group, you don't have to struggle and wonder, gosh, I don't need to wait until the next the next live session. You can get your questions answered right away. It's complete. I show you exactly everything from technology to marketing, sales, lead gen and much more. And it's risk free to try it out, to see if it's for you. I'm here, and I'm committed to working with you, giving it 110% and all I ask for you is just to try it out, just to see if it's for you, just to see if it's a good fit for you. You're going to know if it is. By the end of this, you're going to know if you're watching this right now. You're still attending and you're watching this training. You know that that this is something that you need to jump into. And so I'm going to give you until Monday to make the decision. But a lot of you know right now that you want to jump into it, and so I'd love to see you become a part of that. We're going to send you a link in your email that actually has the link to sign up. Go check that out. That link has the the URL for you to sign up for the training. Okay, listen, I'm going to take a couple of questions here. I know we promised some, some live Q and A with this. And so what I want to just encourage you to do is post some of your questions in the Q and A below, there's a section with Q and A where you actually can click and type in some questions and send those to us. And some of you have already submitted some questions. And so I'm going to take just a couple of these right now to help you with this. Sue says, I'm just curious with your step by step process. I know that you teach how to use specific software. If I'm using go high level. Can this work? It's kind of an all in one I'm just curious how it works with different softwares. So okay, so here's the thing, the software in your business is not the end all be all. It doesn't really matter, as far as actually promoting and building your business, it's a tool to use our system plugs into any software, any stage that anybody is at in their business, to get them results very quickly. We've been doing this for a long time, and we've helped people with a number of different software, but we actually do have a training on go high level. Sue says she's been using Jennifer all Woods 360 software. Okay, great. That's a go high level software. That's that's a go high level version that you can use. And so with that, what you can do is you can go through our go high level training, and I'll walk you through our unique process of putting that together. Let's say you want to use systemic IO. I prefer using Squarespace, because I find it the easiest and simplest to use for those that don't have a lot of technical skill, and so if that's you, you don't have a lot of tech skill, I recommend using Squarespace above all else, but the strategies. They apply no matter what software that you're wanting to use, they apply no matter what type of software that you're using. And so I'll walk you through step by step exactly how to do that. Alright,

[960:05] Speaker 0: here's an anonymous question that came in. I'm curious. Think where I struggle the most is I have a core coaching offer where I do one on one coaching. And I love that. I do it, but I definitely looking at it. You know, you struggle with group coaching. You think that where you get hung up is, how do I work with group coaching in depth? I think it's a little bit challenging for me to break it down. Can you break it down into some of the pieces? How do I break that down to help people and get them results that are interested? If that makes sense. Okay, so here's the thing, one on one coaching is amazing. It's great. I've gotten a lot of value from one on one coaching myself. The way that group coaching works the best is because it allows you to stop trading your time for money, and you get to actually take the questions that your clients are asking and optimize your program around the questions that people are asking. That's what we do. I take the questions that our clients ask every single week, and we actually show you how to use AI you can actually i. What I do is I take the transcript of all our client questions, and I filter it through AI to be able to get their questions answered very easily, very simply. And we dial and we and we tuned our courses, our training and our offers all around. What are those questions that we have our clients? Like I have a client, she's amazing. She actually wrote this book right here. Shonda Whitworth, unlock the writer within that's it's awesome. I actually gave her a little endorsement for her book right here. This is one of our clients. We walked her through the process of promoting this online and and in there, what she's able to do is she's able to pull people in to a group program where she can help people at any time, whenever she wants, and be able to actually answer the strategic questions that people ask and actually solve those problems strategically based on exactly where people are in their business. Okay, and so that's what that allows you to do, is it allows you to actually, really hone in on what you're solving with people. The reason group coaching is actually better than one on one coaching, one on one coaching is all over the map. People got all these different questions. Okay, group coaching, you're answering the questions that the group has as a whole. What is the group wanting help with overall? And you're able to solve those problems as a group, instead of getting bogged down in the weeds of, you know, will I help this person, or I do this, or I do that, you're able to focus in on what does the group need help with, and speak to the group. It's the one to many model. So you have many people that are out there that you're helping, and you're able to help that many people by facilitating the conversation of group questions, and that's how you're able to actually bring all those different pieces together overall with that okay, you see here. Corey says, Do you recommend buying email lists for a certain lead and emailing them. No, I do not. I wouldn't recommend buying a list. I think that that can kind of, it's not the best thing to do overall. You could partner maybe with a list, where you could send some stuff out with that. But what I recommend is that you create unique offers, and you start promoting that on social media with people. So in our accelerator program, we show you exactly what to say. How to say it. What do you say to actually get people to become a client of yours, and what actually gets them to come in the door? What are the things that are going to draw them to you overall, so that you're not going to have to struggle or wonder, what are those things that I should say, and how do I actually get those clients? Alright, let's see. Neil says, I'm wondering about the accelerator. What day of the week do you typically go? Typically go live and do the coaching Monday we do a Monday at 1pm Derek says, I just wanted to make sure that there's some level of like if I wanted feedback, if I'm writing up my copy and stuff like that, is there some way to get feedback from you on those that's exactly what we do in my accelerator Facebook group. You actually get to jump in that Facebook group and work with us to submit your your app, your offers, your ads, your copy, and then I'm able to send in and actually reply back to you with exact feedback on exactly you know what that is like? We like. We had someone she was able to submit to us her sales copy, and we were able to get those questions answered very easily, not just questions, but actually, like, Okay, here's the ad that I'm going to launch. I'm able to watch the ad video that she created. I'm able to look at the ad graphic. I'm able to go look at her landing page and then give strategic feedback in there of exactly what to do. What's going to get those results? You get access to me in there. I'm not out. I'm not outsourcing it to other coaches. I don't have other people in there that are actually doing this. This is me that's actually working in there with you to do this that you get access to. Alright? Joe says, Any suggestion on how to target your ideal niche if you don't want to buy ads. Okay, so again, it goes back to creating an offer around, what do people desire and want the most? What is the thing that they really, truly want the most? Like I'm going to show you right here on on my offer, I have a lot of people who come to me. They want to know, how do I get more coaching clients with Facebook ads? Okay, so this is an offer that I grab the attention of who I'm looking to reach. I talk about what's the promised outcome, and then I use the sales copy to draw in those people, and then we start promoting that to them. So whether I'm using organic or I'm using paid ads. This draws those people to us, but I'll tell you this with paid advertising, we gotta think about it not as an expense, but rather as something that is going to be a profit driver in your business, because you want to be making more money than you're actually spending on the ads. The way that you want to actually run ads, the right way, is you're making more money than you actually expense on those ads, and that's what actually brings in the right clients for you, and that's what actually gets people to become your client, is by doing that, okay? And so when you can create not it all boils down to the offer. It all boils down to the landing page. It all comes down to specifically knowing how to communicate with the words that you write on the landing page, with the words that you say with what are those things that are actually going to deliver those results to people? You're able to communicate what that is. And so that's why, like in my chat GPT document, we actually show you how to pull that out in here, we pull up the document here, like I said, the chat GPT document when you can pull up, okay, what are the pain points? What is the epiphany bridge? When you can prompt chat GPT to answer these questions, it will start to build out language for you, for what your offer is overall, okay, so let's say I was promoting this like an evergreen offer. Tired of hustling for every sale. Are you tired of constantly showing up to make live sales? So these words right here on your landing page, these actual words, the title of the offer, that's what's actually getting people to make a decision, to to buy from you, to to register with you. And the algorithm on social media, the algorithm on Facebook ads, decides who to show the ad to based on what these words are. Okay, so we use the AI to dial in what those words are like. I showed you that, that here's a here's another one. This is one of our clients tomorrow, she's actually hosting this. It's a live training, but then she's turning it into an evergreen training, but she didn't record it live, and then turn it evergreen. This language right here. This is how she's able to spend $1 per lead to get people to sign up for this, this zoom training right here. Okay, and so those so to actually target your audience, you want to be able to figure out, how do we actually get the right words? What are those words to say to actually get people to become our clients? Okay, um, Sarah says, What is the difference between your program and other coaches. I've had other coaches before that I've worked with, but they didn't get me the results that I wanted. I felt like I was just being strung along, and they were just trying to sell me the next thing. Okay, well, I'm sorry that you experienced that, and that sucks, and that's terrible, and I don't ever want anybody to feel that way with me. I like for those of you that are here today, I know that you got value out of this. For those of you that watch my YouTube channel, I know that you're getting value. We provide maximum level of value to our clients, to people that are in our accelerator program, to get them the results with a proven simple, easy to follow system that they can do now here's the difference with our program, you actually get access actually get access to me. I've actually been doing this in the industry for over, over 21 years, but I'm not so big or or big in my head that I don't come down to work with people at the level that they're at. And I know as well, I have a number of clients that I've helped go from zero, just starting out to making multiple six figures, and I know what all the pitfalls are along the way. That stops people from doing that. So again, you gotta do the work. You gotta actually follow through and actually do the work. But I'm not going to put the blame on you as a coach. It's my job to show up and to pull the best out of you, and that's what I commit to doing. That's what I commit to doing for every single person that's here in our program is being able to do that. Alright, put us to the test. Try it out. You got till Monday, December 23 to jump in, risk free, for 14 days to see the difference that our program is versus other people's right. Let's see. John says, Can you explain what a follow up system is? What are you following up with them for? Okay, so when somebody comes in to your email list, let's say they come into your email list, not everybody is just going to automatically become a client, so you need to learn how to email people to encourage them to become a client, or if they don't, you nurture that relationship with them, and so We follow up with additional pieces of content, with video content, my YouTube channel, with other trainings like this that maybe we offer, like next month, we might have a another training that we're hosting. We'll send that to people as well. And so when people aren't a client right here, we just send them additional trainings that build that trust with them. So we're not necessarily like hounding people or personally going to people to try to get them to become a client. What we're doing is we're providing value, and we continue to provide value of the stuff that they want to get results with, and we send that through email to people. And so the reason why people love our emails, yes, we have people who want to subscribe. You unsubscribe. None of you are going to unsubscribe, but we, you know, we have people that do. They sign up for trainings like this, and they they join for 10 minutes, and they log off, they unsubscribe, and they don't hear from us ever again. They missed out on a lot of value. But for those that do stay on, for those that do continue getting our emails and and love to get those emails. I'm going to continue sending value, and my goal is, again, I'm in business. My goal is to build enough trust and goodwill with people to show them, Listen, I know how to get results for you, and I'm going to take them over here to where they can actually become a client. All right, let's see. Shanique says, How do I make sure to not give too much information away in my lead magnet, or free offer to make sure that there's enough for people to actually buy from me from, okay, this is a big question. A lot of people ask me, how do you make sure to not give away too much information? So I look at where the person is at, and we have a mechanism where we figure out, okay, what do people want? I'm listening to my clients. I'm I'm getting questions like this inside of this training right here. When you're asking me these questions, this helps me know, okay, where are you at in your business? How can I help you? How can I craft offers around these problems and these frustrations to be able to solve this for you? And then what I do is I give people the first step, I give them enough information to get them started, but we don't want to overwhelm people, and I think that's one of the things. I made. This mistake at the beginning of my business, I overwhelmed people with too much information. I give them way too much info on what to do, how to get started, how to build everything, and then analysis paralysis hits, and people don't do anything. That's why, in our coaching program, in the accelerator, we have a very simple one step process, the total online six figure roadmap that we'll walk you through. You go through the Start Here training, the Fast Start Training, and then step by step, you start to build your offer out, and you can start to promote your business, like our client, the molinas, they were able to go in, and they had been VAs for a while, and I showed them how to actually sell out on over the course of the last month, their coaching program to actually help people start their own VA business. And it was amazing to see them do this, because they'd never actually built something like this before. They were totally green. And I was able to walk them through step by step how to do this. It was amazing to see the results that came out of that. Okay, so like in my coaching program, I'm giving people all of the different pieces. I'm guiding, I'm directing. We have a lot more time together as well. It's not just one session that we spend here. Okay, in this session, my goal is to show you enough information to get you started, to pique your interest, to show you that I know what I'm talking about, that I produce results for people, and that I can take you to to where you want to go in our paid program. That's what my goal is with these types of training. But I give enough value as well that people don't feel like, oh, wow, there wasn't any value there. I show you how to use different tools, like AI tools and stuff like that. But I'm not giving like, like, the whole system, because my purpose is not. I'm not. I'm not operating out of fear or worry that, oh, I'm going to give so much away and people aren't going to have anything to buy for me. It's that I don't want to overwhelm people. I don't want to I don't want to give so much info that people feel overwhelmed because it's too much, because there's too much for them to navigate, because there's just so much for them to to like, where do I start? What do I do? It can be overwhelming, right? So that's what you want to do. You want to actually focus on, not like, I'm afraid of giving away too much of my info. Let's get out of the scarcity mindset. Let's get into an abundance mindset of a as a giver. You see the book that I got right up here, the Go Giver. This is a great a great book about giving. It's a powerful story about when you give in business and you give value to people, it comes back 10, even 100 fold in your business. So that's it. We want to have an abundance mindset of giving. I am more than abundant. You guys can tell that when you go follow my YouTube channel and things like that, but I don't want to overwhelm people too much. I don't actually want it to get to where it's like, Okay, I've given them way too much info. They're just like, analysis process. I want people just enough to get them started. And sometimes it takes a little bit time to figure out. It took me a little bit of time to figure that out, like in my business as well, what's enough that gives people the right info? What's enough to get people to started that's not like so much that overwhelms them? What's enough to get the ball rolling for people in the right way? Okay, let's see. We're gonna take just a couple of more questions here, and then our time is up. Mary says, can you explain process of doing market research and finding competitors when entering this market? Okay, so what I look for is I actually go through on social media, and I will type in, and I'll look up, okay, who in this space is doing certain things. I'll go on YouTube. YouTube is a great way to do this, because you can see who is highly ranked on YouTube for what you're offering. So let's say I type in on YouTube. Let's go over here. Let's do some market research on YouTube. Okay, let's do some market research for menopause hormones. Okay, so

[1238:36] Speaker 0: and I can look up here is a hot and flashy, okay, you can subscribe. You can buy certain things from them.

[1242:09] Speaker 0: See, this is not a coaching program. This is more of a makeup program. Okay, let me see who is a Here we go. Here's somebody that has, yeah, free guide. Okay, so I'm looking for who has a guide on their their YouTube channels. This is one of my number one market research tactics. Is I actually look up, okay, who are some of the top like individual coaches for a niche on YouTube, and then what are the different offers that they have? And as you start to click through and click around on different pages, you will notice certain people have a Facebook pixel. Well, Facebook will start to identify this, and then when I go over to Facebook, I can see who is promoting for similar products or issues that they're dealing with. Okay, for me, Facebook's gonna promote, probably men's hormone stuff. I've been talking a lot about coaching stuff today, so it's showing us a lot of different coaching offers and ads and things like that. But what you'll do is you can find, okay, who is promoting ads, and you can then start to click on those ads. Don't be afraid to click on the ads. And you can then see, okay, of your competitors that are running ads, which of those are in alignment with what your offer is. And so you can start to learn, hey, what does my market want? And start to learn that as well. You can also jump into different Facebook groups on different topics and see who's leading the charge and who's posting content. You can follow different pages. But here's another way that you can find people. Is Amazon. Okay? On Amazon, you can type in the topic that you're looking for, and then we go to books, okay? So that I'm looking for is a book on this topic. And now we have different experts that have books on these topics. Okay, so I can type in this right here. Here's an expert. Let's see. Look. She has the Facebook pixel. She has her page right here. Okay, she has a lead magnet offer. Learn how to track your sugar free guide, by the way, that's great for those that are in health space, sugar and stuff like that is another great offer. So that's how I would do market research, is I would look on YouTube and Amazon at who comes up for different search terms for books specifically on Amazon, and then who are individual coaches that are on YouTube. And then you can find what offers do they have, and you can start to funnel hack their offers. You can start to see what are the topics or niches that are specific that they're doing, and then what is the copy that they're using? You can pull some of that sales copy into AI. We show you how to do that inside my accelerator program to start to develop those offers for you. Okay, let's see. Carl says, I'd love to jump in your accelerator program, but right now I'm just getting started. I'm not sure would it be a good fit for me if I'm just starting out? Alright? And this will be the last question that I'm going to take right here. So here's the thing we've designed it, whether you are an experienced coach or somebody who's just starting out, to be able to get you results. I have trainings in there that walk you through, how do you run a group coaching program? How do you create your first online course? How do you map everything out to build your first audience? From the beginning, you don't have an audience, you don't have content, you don't have anything. We walk you through all of that in there, from beginning to profitability in your business. And if you're somebody who's profitable, we have trainings and coaching. Okay, how do we now build out that offer? How do we grow that email list? How do we start to promote those people? So there's a ton of value that you get from this, whether you're just starting out or you're experienced. But my goal is this to get you from really quickly. I want to speed run you to the point where you're not saying, Okay, I'm just getting started. I don't know how to reach people. I don't know what to say to people. I don't know how to get clients. I'm just starting out to show you exactly what to do to get people to buy from you. Okay, and so listen, I'd love to see you in our accelerator program. I'm going to get this date fixed here. After this, I'll fix that. It's Monday, December 23 the date is right. The day of the week is wrong. Thanks for those that are that can you know, overlook that a little bit. So just go here. Click on claim your trial. Grab it, jump in. I can't wait to see you in our accelerator program. You get those three courses. You get to jump in and watch the Fast Start Training. And for those of you that have jumped in, welcome, I'm excited that you're there with us, and I'll see you on our next Monday call. I'll see you virtually in the members area, and I'll see you in the Facebook group. Make sure you jump in there. And for those of you that are on here today, again, we we ended a little bit early here today. That's okay. I think it's better that we ended that we ended early if we can. I will see you in the accelerator program, and I look forward to getting you those results together, working with you coming alongside you becoming a part of your team to produce those results for you. All right, we're gonna log off here. Have a good one. I'll see you in our accelerator program. We'll talk soon.

