Sales Letter and Landing Page Copy - Lesson 4
Date: 2024-12-22T05:26:24.000Z
Duration: 29 min
Otter ID: aZpaSvfFmOeYHIoulAe642nByeQ
---

[0:07] Speaker 0: Alright, so now that we've gone over how to add the copy to your landing page and all of that, I want to talk about what I think is one of the most essential aspects anytime people bring their sales copy to me in our coaching group and on our live calls, which, by the way, I highly encourage you to do post them in the Facebook group, come on to our live calls and have me review your copy. That's one of the biggest aspects of this program, is that you get access to me to be able to look at that for you and to help you optimize things and to make them work out really well. Okay. One of the things is that when people do that is we want to optimize our sales copy, and this is the the part where you're adjusting it maybe 10 15% to make it just a little bit better. I'm going to give going to give you an example of this whenever we run an initial campaign. And by the way, again, I'm going to implore you, do not get stuck in optimization paralysis. Optimization paralysis is where you're constantly improving the copy, but you never actually launched, because you don't feel like it's ready yet to get out there. I meet way too many coaches that they have had an incredible product that can help other people, but they will paralyze themselves from putting it on a landing page, from launching it, because they feel like it's going to be better if I just make it better. So you gotta be intentional to defeat that. And if you're dealing with that, you can't let that stop you. You have to be willing to put yourself out there and to launch something. But what I'm going to be talking about, and I would be remiss to not share this with you, is that after you've tested the campaign, after you put it out there, this is after you've launched it to people, after you've gotten some feedback, what you're able to do is you're able to take that feedback, you're able to take the experience, you're able to take the conversations and the questions that you've had with people, to be able to optimize them further. So I'm going to show you an example of how we actually did this directly with one of our offers here, with a with our client, Sandy Krakowski, with a real change on this hormones offer right here. Okay, so this was the initial offer copy that we that we did, and it's very story centric around Sandy story. It talks about conflicting information in the industry, what's going to be offered all of this. So a lot of this is really basic level sales copy for what is actually being offered here. What we were able to do is we were able to optimize it with AI to then go into, okay, what are the main things that people are really, really wanting that we can deliver, living their best life, say goodbye to hot flashes, all of that. So this is our first version of the sales copy. This is version number one for the offer that we're doing. And again, as you create offers, you're going to optimize things to improve the results, to be able to reach newer people, to lower your advertising cost. The reason why we want to optimize is because it's going to create better results. I'm going to show you another example of this on how I plan on optimizing one of my offers. This is an offer right here that that I've ran get more coaching clients with Facebook ads, and I've done different variations of that headline, but the way that I'm going to optimize it is, I've found that a lot of my clients want to learn about Instagram ads. So I would actually optimize this landing page. When I say optimize, it's really just about changing the topic, maybe changing a couple of the words and the language on the landing page, adjusting it, tweaking it, tuning it, rewriting it, but not rewriting the whole thing from scratch, not scrapping everything, rather taking what we learned from the beginning and improving upon it, and then at the end of the day, listen, there's always going to be more room for improvement. So again, you cannot get stuck in improvement paralysis. What I would optimize this around? When I talk about optimization, the optimization of sales copy is writing it in a way to make it work better. That's what optimization means. And so it could mean changing the topic. If I run one called get more coaching clients with Instagram ads and AI immediately it's going to be essentially the same offer, essentially the same everything that's on here, except I'm using the word Instagram ads instead of Facebook ads, because that's more trendy, that's going to connect with people more, that's going to get better results on that front here's another offer that we did right here, start your own online course or coaching business. Okay? And so I found, and actually, how would I optimize this? I'll tell you. I would get more specific, dropping the online course part, and just start your own six figure coaching business, making that be the title on here, really honing in specifically on people that want to have a coaching business, a membership, or even how to start your own coaching membership. A six figure coaching membership. Those would be two ways that I would optimize this copy. Now, it might be the exact same offer right here. It might be most of the same text here, but I would just drop the word online courses from this like, that's that's actually how I would optimize this right now, moving forward is that is, if I'm looking at this offer, I'll say that anytime that I'm attracting people that just want to make courses, that just want to make a course that doesn't necessarily turn into the type of person that's best for our business, finding people that want to do memberships, coaching business. I mean, that's a long term mentoring business that's more alignment with what we help people with. Now, here's another offer right here, and we've really optimized this one quite a bit. I This one is actually the optimized version of this copy. So my previous version was, the title was launch your six figure group coaching, uh, offer. Now I probably would go back to group coaching offer instead of program. I think just that one word program versus offer might have misaligned it just a little bit. That's okay, so I'll optimize it. But I added the word evergreen because a lot of what we're teaching now is about evergreen. It's about evergreen marketing, making things evergreen where you don't have to show up 24/7, so I would then take this and what I did was I took sales copy from an existing offer that we had. Okay, this was the existing offer, right? Oh, here's one right here. Create your own online course from scratch. Okay, this is an existing offer that we have right there. We optimized it into this version. Let me see if I can find the original offer, though, that we had optimized into that. Let me log into Squarespace. I'll find this okay. And what this is going to do is this helps you get better results, bring your ad cost down and make things work better for you in your business, it makes the results of your copy work better. So like what we found was that we were able to get leads for $1 by optimizing this sales copy. We took this version right here, we were then able to take the transcripts of the sessions people had during this mentorship right here, okay, and we were able to optimize that into a better version of the copy with actual pain points, with actual issues that people were Dealing with, being able to improve it around what is actually being talked about in the mentorship and changing that. And this is just the lead magnet right here, but we were able to bring in the actual topics that people are talking about, the reason why I'm able to, and I would encourage, like, shifting this over here, how I shifted this one, I want to go see if I can go find the original version of it here real quick, because this example is going to help you a lot to understand what we talk about when I say that we're optimizing the sales copy.

[131:05] Speaker 0: Okay, I closed that window at the wrong time. Oopsie. All right, we're gonna log in here to my Squarespace site, and this is gonna, this is gonna show you, night and day, exactly how the optimization works. Okay, so this was like version one, the ultimate cure for burnout. Create and launch your six figure group coaching community offer without burnout. This one did really good for us. Okay, very similar, AI generated photo, but a lot of the copy here, a lot of the text here, is the exact same as this one that we just did, except we changed this to be about evergreen. We added that feature into it. I actually added photos of me and my my sons right here. That helped a lot as well. I optimized this and changed the wording to be around that. I made a use a little bit of a better photo right there. So optimizing the sales letter, optimizing that is about shifting the photos, maybe changing up a little bit of the story aspect of it, but borrowing a lot of the same stuff. See, here's a section right here. I like I borrowed this from here. Pull this up. It's going to be very obvious to you. Okay, how to create truly yours is to offer, start tracking dream clients. Art of persuasion, automate everything. Okay, let's go back over to here, designing your offer efforts, attract ideal clients, convert leads, paying clients, integrity and permanent evergreen system. Now I might actually go back to some of what this says right here. I. Stress Free scaling. Scale your business. Okay, so that's what like. We borrowed a lot of the same context from that, but changed just a little bit of it. I added evergreen because that's more what we're talking about. That's more what people are requesting. We've gotten the feedback loop going where people have requested more on that. So what I'm able to do is I'm able to take like a sales letter, like this one, and I might go into chat GPT, and I'll say, rewrite the following sales letter to be about creating evergreen offers. Instead of just a simple coaching offer, an evergreen offer is automated. Okay, so now it's going to start to rewrite those attention coaches. We want to build an automated evergreen business generating this discover the ultimate path to burnout, free evergreen offers solution to burnout. Build an evergreen offer that brings in automated revenue while you sleep. There's two hours I'll walk you through. So I said process of automated evergreen offers, tractor and clients, 24/7 stop trading time for money. And what I might do is I might even have, oh, one, which is this new algorithm. They even announced oh three now today. So maybe, if you're watching this and oh three is out, I would use oh three, but oh one is their one of their smartest algorithms that's really good at rewriting copy. So seeing what this says as well, I want to burn out free approach, the ultimate cure for burnout and overwhelm, build, never green, automated offer that generates real revenue and real profits without selling your solar tired of hustling 24/7 ready just to grind and start. This isn't just another pie in the sky promise a new era of business thriving place of peace and fun, automated evergreen hours, sold with honesty and integrity. No Ike's slimming season sales tactics, alright, so what that's doing is, is we're optimizing the copy around the language where we want to pull that out from there. Okay, now one of the things that we'll do is that I will take actual sessions from transcripts that we're spending time with clients, and to start to optimize the copy, I'm going to dive into those transcripts. The reason why I'm using the tool like otter AI during our sessions, during our live sessions, and and our coaching and our Q and A is I'm able to go in and do this. I can export a Q, a session, and this is just a random one here, but I'm going to show you how chat G, P, T helps us do this. Okay? I use oh one to do this as well. Make me a list of all the questions, and this will help you with optimizing questions and topics that were asked during this coaching session. Okay? And then I copied the full transcript and pasted it. Whoops. Here, I'll show you this right here. Okay, so I have the transcript of our session imported by zoom right here. I exported the transcript right here. Then I went to chat GPT, and my prompt was make me a list of all the questions and topics that were asked during this session. Why am I doing this? This is actually one of the most important aspects of optimizing sales copy that I do, and if I can just encourage you that this one piece right here, I'll tell you when people hire me to write sales copy for them, to consult for them, this is the number one thing that I do that I've not seen anybody else do. Anybody I talk to has not done this. They're not doing this. And it's one of the number one things that I will say has been was a difference maker. One of our clients that we worked with Rick Pino to be able to grow his worship coach business. Every single month, I would take the Q and A sessions from his coaching program, from his live coachings that he was doing, and I used AI. We were using Jasper back then. It was an older version, way older version of AI, and it worked amazing. That's why these newer versions are even better at this, because the older one worked just as good. And I would have the AI do this exact thing, make me a list of all the questions that were asked. What are the topics? And then what I would do is I would reverse engineer that those questions from the actual Q and A sessions with clients, from the actual sessions that we were spending with people I even went through in. My own copy, and I took one on one coaching sessions that I did with one on one clients, fed them into the AI to make me a list of what are the topics and angles and things that we are helping people with, that we're working with people with, to optimize our offers around, and I need to do an audit in my business here soon of this. From this perspective, I use this to help me teach better in my coaching group. But also it's really, really good to come up with ideas for what to write your sales copy around. Okay, so I'm going to show you the output of this. How do you store chat, GPT questions? Let's see creating travel landing page. That's about. How do I make my landing page more persuasive? Which headlines and short paragraphs will sell the experience? Incorporating AI video. So again, not all of these am I going to use, but I can look at this and I can say, Okay, what's the bigger picture here from these questions, handling small attendance, post sale, engagement, maintaining momentum and energy, not getting burnt out. And I find that that's a big topic that I deal with, with a lot of our clients right here, repurposing discipline versus waiting. Okay, so again, if I pull all of this right into here, here's what I like to do with this. These questions now, write me a persuasive sales letter for a free webinar. Again, we're not creating a webinar, but I want to use this to find what is that language that combines these ideas into a sales letter to promote an offer to people based on the based on the follow up. Okay, do so we're going to put that right there.

[274:51] Speaker 0: You're tired of juggling new tools wondering how to build persuasive landing pages, and feel stuck in a loop when it's time to create content, you see others effortlessly build their business. How they're doing it so quickly? If you're nodding right now, so this is about that topic right there. So if I take this now over to our original sales copy for the Evergreen offer. Now adjust the landing page copy above to borrow a few ideas from the info below. Keep the context the same as the above, about creating an evergreen offer, but borrow some ideas about the client from the offer below. Okay, so this is how I'm going to be able to add now this information into this. So this is going to take still the original copy that we had, and I'm going to bring some of that emotion and language into an existing offer that we're already running. Okay, online coaches who want to create an evergreen offer unlock the secret to Evergreen effortless sales and creative freedom. Feel stuck in a loop of endless launches and content creation, juggling tools and strategies, but are lacking a system that works. This is actually really good. This is awesome watching others effortlessly bring in the income. If you're nodding, embrace evergreen offers. We're gonna show you how to build an irresistible evergreen offer, automate your business, attract green dream clients that love working with you. Is it about throwing spaghetti against the wall? It's a step by step blueprint that turns your best ideas in the consistency. Why are they key? It's not just about creating another product. An evergreen offer builds your business because it's an asset that sells 24/7, create an evergreen offers client can't, can't resist, streamline your funnel with automated ease. Write highly converted copy, repurpose content for evergreen impact. Stay energized and creative without burnout, overwhelmed with tools and finished products, spinning your wheels on social. This is awesome. So again, I might not use all of this, but some of this, if I kind of combine this with the original one. Now watch this. I'm going to go back and I'm going to edit this, and I'm going to say, combine the following with the above into a final super offer landing page copy. Okay, so I'm able to take what it gave me and merge it with what it gave me up here to create that optimized copy. So I looped it back upwards into the copy with the AI. Here's a rewritten version. Unlock the secret to Evergreen automation, effortless sales. Feel stuck in a loop. What's possible generate this much so now this is more the. Sweet Spot type of copy that we really want to create. This is awesome. Okay, so that's how I optimize our sales copy and I, and this is, by the way, just one example of this. What I would do is I might take a couple of different Q and A sessions that I have and do this. I was able to take one single Q, a session with our clients, have chat, G, P, T, pull out what the questions were about, generate me a sort of a fake landing page based on those topics, and then I was able to merge that with an existing offer right here. Okay, so we pulled the transcript in. We had the AI do that we were able to then merge it with the existing offer that we had it, and it started to really tune the language. It started to tune how we want to say this in an even much better way around breaking past overwhelm, not being stuck in a loop. This is amazing. And so like, if I, if I save this sales copy for offer in February, definitely want to use this one for an offer that I'm running in February, all right, and saving that idea, I'm able to do that, and I was able to optimize it by just taking I use the transcript. I had the transcript, pull out the questions that people asked me, and then I had to create a fake landing page for that with the AI that I had the AI, borrow some of those ideas and merge it with my original copy. So I'm taking the ideas, merging them with the copy, and what it does is it creates a model of the consciousness of our clients into doing that. This is the best way to use AI to really optimize how you're writing copy that way. Okay, so again, I am actually blown away by how good that turned out. It's actually really, really good, like that already gave me some ideas that I know would convert better for better leads overall than what I launched a couple days ago, just optimizing, just a few of this, just a little bit of this language, with what this AI gave me, it's going to work better. And so I'm able to use the AI to brainstorm and improve the copy, like just adding this section. Are you tired of this? Changing out this? You know, imagine this transformation right here, adding in some of this, the what's possible part, like, we have some of that in here, but it's not quite as good as what it was able to give me by bringing in that Q and A questions, creating that fake landing page just based off of one single session of Q and A, and then kind of merging that with our existing copy and and pulling out those unique angles and ways of saying things in the copy. And that's exactly how you optimize that like, like. I couldn't have given you a better example of how I would do that. So then I would go in, I would actually take this sales letter, and I would swap out, and I look at my sales copy like it's modular, like I would swap out this section right here, which is not nearly as good as what it gave me with now, this is the new version right there. I would swap that up, swap that right in and out. Like, literally, I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you how I would do that. Swap this in and out. I'm

[385:38] Speaker 0: okay,

[387:11] Speaker 0: there you go, before this training, after this training, even better. So modularly, able to swap in and out, hot swap What, what's working really well. I might go through and take a little bit of time and rework how that's written, to add in maybe some of the bullet points that they that it gave me up here. Are you tired of this? I i

[396:33] Speaker 0: And again, that's where I might, I might actually do. You know, I would just put this right, even right here.

[399:14] Speaker 0: Are you tired of feeling stuck in the endless cycle of. Launching, chasing leads, hustling for every sale, juggling tools and strategies, no clear system. If you're nodding yes, this is awesome. Like just adding that to the language makes it so much better it does. So that's that's exactly in a nutshell how I would optimize your sales copy and prove it. I'm not throwing out the whole sales letter. We're just making it a little bit more meaningful. We're adjusting some of it now, one of the things to be aware of as you optimize like I added this to that section, I might remove certain sections of text because it starts to get a little bit too wordy. It starts to get a little bit too long, it starts to get a little bit too, too many words that are going on that are trying to communicate exactly the different parts of the offer to people, but that's how we would do that. Okay? And so I think we're going to do one more lesson of this course, and I just want to show you a few of additional advanced ways of, again, using the AI, some other ways that I would rewrite some of the copy and do stuff like that. But that's exactly how we would do that. We did the same thing with this one with Sandy Krakowski. As we actually took the Q and A sessions from her menopause group, I was able to pull what the questions are. And then we were able to optimize the bullet points from here to be even more specific, around what's actually talked about in her group. And now that became exactly what was going to be talked about in the Evergreen training. We were able to really dial it in. We were able to add in a photo that is optimized around the target customer. We use AI to actually create this. I told the AI, you know, take this sales letter right here, generate me a photo. It's in po right here. I was able to tell it using flux, you know, generate me a photo of the type of person who would buy into this offer make them in a vibrant, bright golden hour photo. And that's

[437:27] Speaker 0: actually a little bit too long. So what I might do, like for a graphic like that, I might ask chatgpt to do it, and then I would optimize it from there,

[442:57] Speaker 0: chatgpt is going to make me like an image right there. Okay, then I can take this description of the image, pull this one into flux and po I might also even use a grok.ai to generate a something in grok See, generate me an image of this. So grok also does really good at generating images, but let's see what this came up with. There we go, perfect. So again, I can loop this all day long and have stock photos that I could use that are based on our sales letter right there. Here's another, another image right there. Okay, that one's made with Brock. This one's right here. Okay, and so that's how we do that, is we optimize our sales letter, we optimize our images, our graphics, our copy based on our clients, based on the feedback that we get, to improve. It to to tap in emotionally with where the prospect is, with where they are on their journey. And that lowers the cost of our offers. That improves how many leads we're going to get. It improves the quality of who we're going to attract, and it helps create the better results we want. I'll see you in the next and final lesson. You.

