January 13: Create Your Own 6-Figure Online Course or Coaching Program From Scratch
Date: 2024-01-13T19:03:24.000Z
Duration: 111 min
Otter ID: LP50YIE66DVoKGqVe7smNzRPxoo
---

[158:17] Speaker 0: Hello, hello hello everybody. Welcome welcome welcome Here this Saturday to this live training, I am excited to have you here. I'm excited whether you're watching on Zoom, whether you're watching the recording, welcome, and thank you for being here, just so that, you know, the recording of today's session will be available for free for the next 24 hours, which means at the end of tomorrow, you will not be able to access this anymore. And so again, there's still an opportunity to grab the VIP upgrade to get the recording for life. Plus, we're going to be hosting a live bonus backstage pass q&a session, immediately following this. After about 90 minutes, I'm going to teach for about 90 minutes. And then we're going to continue the training in the VIP. And I'm going to answer any of your questions live. We're going to come up on screen, give you some coaching, all of that. And so listen, welcome. Thanks for being here. I'm excited to spend this time with you. This Saturday. Listen, I'm gearing up, I'm ready. My Kansas City Chiefs are going to be playing the Miami Dolphins here today. And I cannot wait for that. Honestly, I don't have too much hope for them. They haven't been playing that. Well this season. If you like football, you know what I'm talking about? If you don't, no worries, all right. Listen,

[179:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing, here's the promise today. And I think it's important that we that we go over this today, who is this for this is for bold and ambitious entrepreneurs. And I mean, all due respect, I love everybody. But you've got to be bold and ambitious to really grab on to what I'm talking about here today. Okay. Or if you want to grow into being bold and ambitious, maybe you don't feel that way right now. But that's how you want to step into, totally, you're here in the right space. But if you're somebody who kind of sits on the sideline, you don't really have an intention to do anything, maybe you're just checking this out, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest with you. A, this is probably not going to be a good fit for you good training, and we have done everything we can to make sure that we have the right people here. But if that's you, if you don't fit this, if you're not somebody who wants to create six figures with digital courses, or online classes, or coaching, if you don't want to make over 100 to 200,000 a year minimum starting with a business like this.

[198:05] Speaker 0: You know, I meet a lot of people, they're like, hey, I want to have an impact Jeremiah, I want to create courses, I don't really want to make any money. If that's you, I apologize. But you're probably going to not be served here today by this. And it's important for me to serve everybody who's here to make sure to deliver value. But I got it, I just got to preface this by saying that the only people that I will be delivering value to today are those that we have talked about on this list. So if you're not somebody who wants to build one of these businesses, okay, enjoy the training, but just realize that I'm probably not going to provide very much of what you might be looking for out of this. And every time I host these events, I've been doing these for a long time. There's always like a handful of people. They're like Jeremiah, but you didn't talk about real estate, but you didn't talk about running an agency. And I'm like, that wasn't the topic. For everybody else, I am excited to share this with you. I'm excited to walk you through this process. And here's why. I'm actually sad and a little bit by what I see out there in the marketplace. And that's why I put this training together. That's why it's free. There's a ton of people that are out there, they teach courses and creating coaching programs and all that. And and in my opinion, they're teaching it wrong. They're not teaching you the right thing. And some of y'all might be like, huh, so what makes you think that you got the answers Jeremiah? What makes you qualified to even think that you know that they're teaching things wrong? Well, let me just tell you why that is. That would actually be a very arrogant statement of mine. And to be honest, I wouldn't trust somebody who says that unless they have a good reason for saying so. And my good reason is 21 years of successful experience in the business of creating online courses and coaching programs that have sold 10s of millions of dollars, but not just sales. Because I mean, sales is awesome. And I truly believe that you have to make revenue, a big part of your goals, right? If you're not making the kind of money that you want to have. I actually believe that the the increase in sales that you have directly correlates to your impact. But the people that I've worked with for the last 21 years have been some of the greatest mentors on the planet. They have impacted not just 1000s but millions of people's lives directly and indirectly with their content. They have delivered world class, life changing transformational content, and courses and coaching that have literally taken people's lives from struggling to a life that they didn't even recognize. And that's what I've spent the last 21 years of my life dedicated towards, is helping other people change their life. And I believe that course creators and coaches changed people's lives. Yes, it's an incredible business model to make a lot of money in and listen, I myself am very money motivated, I'm not gonna lie to you and say, I'm not. I do this because it is very profitable to sell courses and coaching online. But I couldn't do it, if it wasn't also impacting people on a high level. And so I'm not going to share a whole lot about my background, I know that there's some people here that I have not met yet, I actually got my start 21 years ago working with a company called Danny johnson.com. And my life and my family's life was actually transformed by this company. So they were a personal development training company, that's what they call themselves, but today, we would call it a coaching business. They, they called themselves basically, they would train people on how to sell in their direct sales businesses, how to be a better salesperson, but they also covered everything from paying off debt, saving more money, strengthening your relationships, and the results and testimonies that came out of this, they would take somebody and this is what I really loved about this. And this is what opened up my eyes to the possibilities of this business is working with with Danny Johnson. And you can see here, this is Danny right here, you know, my I met her 21 years ago and I actually ended up working with her and her husband to impact 1000s of people's lives and and also make a lot of money doing so creating CD and DVD products. And if you if you go over here, let's go to this is kind of their sales side of their business, their courses and products, as I actually helped put together a lot of the different CD and DVD products even that they still sell to this day, I actually edited and put together the the course of war on debt here and, and I helped put together this next generation for Success course and these these different products and I helped them market them and I helped them put these together. And so that's how I got my start was actually I was exposed to this whole world of creating training courses and coaching. And I actually saw firsthand I'm a little bit choked up here. And for those y'all you're gonna notice I'm, I'm an emotional person. I truly get sometimes caught up in some of the emotion of this, and my family's life was impacted. When we went to a seminar with Danny Johnson, my entire family, my mom was able to grow and actually learn and discover what it would take for her to go out there and create a multimillion dollar business. And then from there, I went on after working with Danny Johnson, my mom and I, we actually built this company together. Over at a real change.com This is my mom, Sandy her kowski Some of y'all might know who she is. We built this business to over $20 million a year in sales and impacted people's lives, the amount of testimonies that came in people's lives that were absolutely transformed through the coaching and mentoring that my mom and I did through this business was incredible. And so not only is it that creating courses, and coaching is a great way to make a significant income. But the results are what really wake me up in the morning. The results are what, get me out of bed or why I keep doing what I keep doing. Seeing people go from where you're at today, where many of you are at right now watching this training and in just a year, transforming their entire life, transforming their family's lives, transforming the lives of their clients, their students, their coaching clients, and making a ton of money while doing so and then seeing people go from where you're at today. Because here's the thing, it doesn't stop at six figures. What I love to see is I love to see people go from making money Six figures to then multiple six figures to then even becoming millionaires, and even DECA millionaires. What does DECA millionaires mean making over $10 million a year in sales, kind of like one of the clients actually came to my mom and I, back in 2015. His name was Rick Pino, some of y'all know, I'm a little choked up by this because Rick found my mom and I through Facebook ad How many of y'all found me, and he wanted to set out to have an impact in the music industry, the the worship music industry. And Rick actually approached me after he did some of the coaching and training with my mom, and I said, Jeremiah, you know, could you help me do what you did with your mom. And when she did with Danny Johnson, he actually knew a lot of people that we had a lot of the same friends in common and things like that. But he had a heart to both build an incredible business and impact people in the Christian music space. This is Rick right here. Incredible guy. I mean, if you have a chance to to meet him, he's literally one of the sweetest, nicest, most genuine people you'll ever meet. And, and I had the opportunity to work with Rick to help build out this worship coach platform. And after working with Rick, and you can see the testimonies of this the lives that were impacted. Through this, Rick was actually able to go on to create a business that did over $10 million, over a million dollars a month in sales, coaching people on worship. And so I love to see the transformations that happen in people's lives. I love to see the ripple effect, from the last 21 years of my experience, if I was able to take, and this is what I want to start to do with you here today. If I was able to take everything that I know right now, up here, and my 21 years of experience, and pass it on to you. And then you actually did the stuff that it takes to be successful, I have no doubt that you would make millions of dollars, like like, but the problem is this.

[358:15] Speaker 0: Most people come onto a training like this, and then never do anything. They procrastinate. They put it off. It's January 2024. Right now. It's we're basically two weeks into the new year. People have set resolutions all the time. And yet people join me for trainings like this on a regular basis. They tell me yes, Jeremiah, I want to go out there, I want to create a course I want to create a coaching program, I want to impact people's lives. And then a year goes by nothing. Two years go by nothing, five years. 10 years go by nothing. And it makes me sad, because there's also people and there are some of you here today that this is going to be your story. And that's who I'm really here to talk to. Because listen, if you're somebody who's here, that's just gonna waste my time and yours by not doing anything with what we talk about. It's not my I'm not here to try to convince you to change, okay. In fact, I don't think there's anything I can say that's going to convince you to change. But what I'm really talking to here today, and there are some of you, there's a small number of you that are on here live right now. You're going to take what I talked about here today, and you're actually going to apply and you're actually going to implement it. And you're actually going to take action and some of you within the next 30 to 60 days are going to make over 10 to $20,000 Selling your first course or coaching program. Sadly, the majority of people who join a training like this, not because the content isn't good. But because life happens. Friends, family obligations, things come up. Good reasons happen. 60 to 90 days go by and they don't do anything with it. Now, here's the thing, I don't want you to like feel guilty or angry with yourself if you've procrastinated before, things like that. I mean, you're you're looking at somebody right now who literally has spent 21 years procrastinating, putting off the things that he needs to do. And there are still things in my life I'm not perfect by any means. I'm not here today showing up to you saying hey, I have it all figured out in my life and I'm perfect and you need to just be like me, then you will be successful. No but I have to hopped into what it takes a blueprint for you to create a world class online course or coaching program that impacts people's lives. And whether you are a beginner, maybe you've never coached anybody before, or you're a longtime expert, there's people, I mean, they've been coaching for 30 years. But they haven't made a course they haven't brought it online, they haven't created a group coaching program. I have a blueprint for how to create digital courses. And online coaching programs that are marketable, that are exactly aligned with what the marketplace wants, that are exactly what people want across every possible imaginable niche that exists. And I think that that's really something that makes this conversation that we're having here, today unique. First off, number one, I want to make this interactive, I don't want this to just be me as a talking head up here. Okay. And so one of the things that I want you to do is I want you to put into the chat, or we're actually going to pop up a survey here on the screen. And I want you to answer this question. Okay, it's going to come up here in just a second. What is the number one thing that has stopped you from creating your own course, or coaching program leading up to today? Okay. And we had a number of people actually answer this even joining the Facebook group, what are you struggling with? You notice, we asked those questions. And a number of people, they said, Well, I just don't know how to do it. I don't know where to start, I don't know how to put it together. I don't know how to put the modules together. I don't know how to organize it. I'm not sure if it's good enough. I don't know if it's marketable. I don't know if the niche is there. Or I don't feel good enough, I don't feel confident enough. I'm not sure how to translate things I'm afraid of failing. I'm not sure if the stuff that I know people are gonna buy from. And so wherever you're coming from, and I want to see from you, what are you struggling with. And don't be shy to share some of this. This is a safe space here to share this information. Here's what I want to ask you today. For those of you that are in this session, and for those of you that are in our VIP session, can we be vulnerable together? Can we lay down the facade of trying to present ourselves as Uber ultra successful better than everybody else, but somebody that people should listen to, and somebody that's Ultra attainable, operating and high level authority that everybody like? Come on. This isn't Tony Robbins, I love Tony Robbins. But like, that's not what we're trying to do here. What it actually takes to be successful is for us to look at what's not working, where we're struggling? What are we procrastinating on? What do we need to do that we've been putting off what scares us. And it's not that we're going to make our fears be this big thing, what we're going to do is we want to actually realize, shrink those fears down and realize that what we are afraid of actually isn't as big as we think it is. And if there's one thing that you get out of here today is that because I see this from working with 1000s of people that want to create courses and coaching, that the things that are stopping them really aren't as big as they think they are. You know, one of the biggest things that I see that stops people is perfectionism is the need for everything to be perfect. And it comes from a good place. It comes from wanting to serve people, it comes from wanting to deliver incredible value. It comes from wanting to make sure that people get a high level from from working with you. And I and I think that's amazing. I think a spirit of excellence is awesome. And I don't think any of you that are here today probably don't have a spirit of excellence. If you don't, you're probably not going to do any of what I teach those that aren't going to teach it you probably do have a spirit of excellence. And so I want to commend you for that. And I want to say that's amazing. But it's also one of the biggest things that actually stops people from being successful. It's kinda it's kind of interesting. It's a fascinating thing that I've actually studied for the last 21 years more than anything else, is that a spirit of excellence is both what creates success, and what destroys it at the same time. It's somebody who I like why does that? Explain that to me real quick. You know, some of y'all might be what's called a measure twice, cut once type person, you're a planner, you want to make sure to plan everything out. You want to make sure that it's all put together on paper. April 1 really well, you want to make sure that it's going to work, you want to make sure that it's marketable, you want to make sure that you got all your ducks in a row before you get started. Can I tell you this? A, I think that's great. And you don't need to stop being that way. But you also need to adopt what I call an experimentation mindset. And what I teach people to do is what I call an alpha. Release. Approach. Okay, so the alpha release approach is one of the most unique things to what I teach, that you're probably not going to hear from a lot of people that are out there that are teaching, how to create coaching and courses. And what the alpha release approaches this is that it comes from one foundational belief that I have seen more than anything else when it separates those who are successful from those who are not. It's also one of the most polarizing things that I share with people. It's also one of the biggest things that I see that people are very resistant to. And I, you know, I have to be very little bit cautious as to how I explain it to you. Because there are such a wide range of differing opinions from what I'm talking about. So first off, I need to lay this foundation, okay. Number one. Number one most important thing when you are creating a course, or coaching, program, integrity, honesty, truth.

[511:25] Speaker 0: There are way too many people out there who are not honest, who don't have integrity, who are selling coaching and courses that are built on lies. They don't have a track record. They're lying just to make money. And so if that's you, please leave now. Or decide to change that decide to operate in truth. You know, one of the number one ways that I see people that operate out of lies, is the fear of other people's opinions, and trying to manage what other people think about them. And I'm gonna put on my coach hat here just a little bit, can I do that? Can I give you some coaching, can I say some stuff that might make you feel a little bit uncomfortable here today.

[527:50] Speaker 0: Because if you're not willing to hear some uncomfortable things, if you only want to be told what you want to hear,

[530:09] Speaker 0: you're going to be lied to your whole life. And that's the problem is that most coaches, and mentors that are out there that are very financially successful, do so by simply just telling you what you want to hear. One of the number one things that I made a decision of when I started this business. And it's and it's carrying the legacy that I believe started when my mom and I built our business together is to operate out of integrity, to operate out of trust and truth, and honesty. And to tell you things that maybe you don't want to hear that are maybe hard to hear. That might be painful. But that will take you to the next level that you want to get to. One of the biggest problems that stops people from being successful is their spirit of excellence in this one area. Is there fear and worry about what other people are going to think about them. Now I get it. There are some of y'all that are here today. You don't worry about that. Maybe you've been on the radio for 25 years. And you've maybe you have been you fought in a war, maybe you have done crazy things, and you just don't care what anybody thinks about you. Okay. I want to commend you and I want to say this, that you are ahead of 99.9% of everybody that I meet, okay. And so it's like there's usually like a one to 2% of people that I work with, that are like that, and I'll tell you this, they are the most successful financially because when you can get to the place where you try really do not care what other people think about you, you can make a ton of money. Now I'm gonna pause here and say, that does not mean that you're not kind, that you're not compassionate, that you don't care about other people, I believe these two things will make you unusually successful as a coach is that you care about other people's success at a very high level, while at the same time, you do not care about their negativity, or their negative opinions about you, or about looking quote unquote, good to other people. And you are willing to have people hate you and dislike you. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna burst your bubble. Just hear a little bit. Okay, some of y'all are like, this is weird. Why are you talking about that? Why are you talking about so much negativity right now? I thought this was like, and some of you are not comfortable even with me talking about negativity, okay, can I tell you this? There are some crazy people on the internet. Okay. And you could literally I'm going to, I'm going to tell you something right now that that might completely shift your paradigm, you might have rosy colored glasses on about the course or coaching business, okay. And, and I think that, that's great. And I actually would encourage you to keep that I have a level of that myself, of super positivity when it comes to working with people. But I've also been in this business for 21 years, and I have seen the good, bad and the ugly. And I've seen the wide range of humanity is that when you put yourself out there in the public, and you actually create a course or a coaching program, and you actually make something that impacts people's lives. You could do so with the most integrity, with the most honesty with the most truth. And there will still be at minimum one to 5% of your audience that you reach that for whatever reason, and it usually has nothing to do with anything you're doing wrong. Like, like, that's what I have had to learn. It has nothing to do with anything that we're doing wrong. I host trainings like this all the time. And there's like, there's usually there's about 300 people that registered for this. And there's usually one two or three people, they write my office, and they hate my guts. And they are so angry about what I talked about. And they just they want me to know that I probably should like stop doing what I'm doing. And so what I've realized is that if you don't have haters, you're not actually doing anything of importance of impact. And actually, that having a small group of people that just dislike you, for whatever reason, don't like you. There are people that the fact that I have video games behind me.

[611:32] Speaker 0: You know, like I'm a big fan of the Zelda series right here. I'm a gamer. I love video games there.

[613:21] Speaker 0: It's how I wind down. It's actually how I tap into levels of creativity. I actually record my podcast sometimes I got a podcast with over 200 Video episodes, and I play video games while I record it. And yet my business also makes seven figures. And so, you know, a guy I look up to in business, honestly, I don't think people give them as much credit about being a marketing and sales genius. Elon Musk. multibillionaire runs massive companies, plays video games. And listen, I know not everybody likes Elon Musk either. Not everybody liked Steve Jobs. He did have some leadership style issues, I will give you that. I don't think yelling and berating your staff is really a great way to lead. I think that there's better ways of doing that. And I but you know, I'm not anybody's perfect. None of us are perfect. In fact, I think there was only one perfect person in the world and they nailed Him to across Jesus. That's it. You know, that's a topic for another time. I you know, I'm very open about my faith. I am as transparent as possible about everything. I'm an open book for you. Okay. And I truly am standing before you here today as somebody who literally can tell you I don't care what you think about me, whether you like me or dislike me, and I know that there are some people here that because I talked about faith or I talked about Elon Musk or I talked about video games, or AI, or I talked about not being a perfectionist that they're just like, or that Jeremiah burr or because I talked about sales because I talked about money, because I made it all about money because I'm so money motivated and focused, or that Jeremiah Merner, you know, but like, here's what I care about the people that I'm impacting, like my client, Joshua. He was a pastor who approached me said, Jeremiah, can you show me what you did with your mom and Rick, and we're able to help him make over $150,000 A month selling coaching and courses are like my client Dawn, she had been spinning her wheels for years, trying to sell her dietician services to people. In fact, she actually worked at a company where she could sell if they brought her the leads, but she couldn't attract the right clients to her. She had incredible content. But she couldn't get people to buy from her. And we were able to help her make over $35,000 a month in her business. And you can read the testimonies that are over my website on any of the pages that we have of people that have been impacted by this training. But can I tell you this one of the number one things that stops people from succeeding with coaching and courses is the fear of disappointing others. And listen, I don't expect you to grow out of that. Right away it actually. Ah, all right, I want to be transparent with you. I see a therapist, I work with a therapist, there are some of you here today that think that therapy is for the weak. That therapy is for people that gave up on trying hard enough, that therapy is for people that are messed up, I'll tell you, I'll be the first to tell you I messed up, I'll be the first to tell you that I make mistakes on a daily basis multiple times a day. And that actually, I believe, that we need to embrace, making mistakes as a good thing, instead of trying so hard to do everything perfectly. And it was one of the hardest lessons that I learned. And some of y'all are like, what does any of this have to do

[677:20] Speaker 0: with making courses or coaching? Can I tell you this, it has everything to do with

[679:44] Speaker 0: it has everything to do with it. Because unfortunately, a lot of people that I meet, they, they have the knowledge inside of them, they have the ideas, they find they even pick an incredible, marketable niche. And yet what's going on between their two years is what's stopping them from actually taking action and putting it out there. And they're worried about the one to 5% of people that they're gonna disappoint. And here's the thing, I mean, honestly, if we were to do how many people I disappoint on a regular basis, it's probably greater than that I disappointed my wife this week, multiple times, learning to become okay with disappointing other people is one of the number one, I would say skill sets, number one areas of personal growth that you could grow in in your life. And here's why I'm gonna say things that are unconventional. How many times you hear somebody who talks about personal development that says that it's a personal development thing to disappoint others? Not very often. But when it comes to this business, when it comes to your ability to create a world class Corp see these two things are not opposed to each other. Some of y'all are thinking, wait a sec, I thought you were talking about integrity. I thought you were talking about honesty that you were talking about truth. I am. In fact I am I'm actually saying what most people will only tell you when you start investing 10s of 1000s of dollars with them right now. See, there's a lot of people that are out there, they'll tell you what you want to hear on a free training like this, because they don't want to offend you. They don't want you to lose their trust. They don't want you to stop listening to them. And then they'll wait until you invest 10s of 1000s of dollars before they actually tell you what I'm telling you here right now. Why am I doing this? Why am I telling you this? Because I want to see you succeed because every fiber of my being wakes up in the morning after kissing my wife and my son and spending time with God and the number one reason that I do, what I do is to help coaches and course creators impact millions of people's lives, and how are you going to impact millions of people's lives by successfully selling your course, or coaching program? And how do you create something that's marketable and good enough to put out there by laying down the perfectionism by not letting the fear of not being good enough by not letting the worry of disappointing other people stop you from putting yourself out there. And that's where the alpha release approach takes hold. This idea of having fun with it, just seeing what happens, experimenting, putting yourself out there without needing things to be perfect, launching, imperfectly putting an under development program out there that you are going to improve over time. And one of the number one beliefs that I have after working with 1000s, of course creators and coaches over the years as that the biggest thing that stops people is spending all of their effort, planning and mapping out and perfecting and coming up with what their course or coaching program is going to be before actually connecting with some real people, and actually putting some people through the process and putting some people through the paces with them. And they're waiting until quote unquote, they can make sure that everybody gets a result with what they're doing. Can I tell you this? Not everybody is going to get a result no matter how perfect your courses, no matter how perfect your coaching program is. As some of you have a belief that you shouldn't launch something unless you can guarantee everybody gets a result. No, because you literally can't control what other people do. You can't control the fact that people buy courses, and are addicted to shiny object syndrome, and then purchase from you and then won't even watch the module won't even ask questions won't even engage with you. I can't control the fact that many of you watching this here today will literally do nothing with what I teach you here today. All that I can control is being the very best coach that I can be. But accepting that I'm also a work in progress that I'm growing, that I'm getting better over time. And one of the number one things that I think and I truly believe I don't just think this, I know this, because I've looked at and I've studied what makes the most successful coaches and mentors, is the ones who are willing to be vulnerable and are and don't need to try to pretend like they got it all figured out. They don't need to present themselves with this facade that they're perfect. They don't need to present themselves to people with that. And listen, again, I don't expect you to change that about yourself overnight. And I also know there are some of you here today, you're not dealing with that. That's okay. Okay. So I'm just I'm speaking to everybody that are coming from these different different perspectives here today.

[776:14] Speaker 0: You will actually impact people more by not operating that way, you will actually make more money by not operating in those ways, and be willing to do what's called an alpha release, or a beta test of your course. Let's look up what an alpha release is on Google. Okay. So Google says an alpha release, it's a software term. What is an alpha release, it's in software is that before the product is officially released to the public, there's testing phases that have to be done. And one of these is an alpha release. At this point, the features are still incomplete. And you're still testing. And then it's followed by a beta test. So it's an under development version of software that is ready for initial testing by a small group of users. And this first step of early testing, it's called alpha testing. It's the main job of alpha testing is to find and fix problems that weren't caught in the initial stages of testing. And so in the software world, it's mandatory to do this. Why? Because when you put something out there, there's always going to be room for improvement. There's always going to be room to make it better. And so what I encourage people to do is to not spend more than and I call it the law. Have 14 days to not spend more than 14 days, brainstorming, planning, mapping out, or at any step of the process before you release and launch your program, I can tell you this, if there's one thing that you adopt, this week, it's the law of 14 days, the law of two weeks, it's two Saturdays. Okay? So two weeks from now, what's two weeks from now, two weeks from now, January 27. I want you to take what you learned here today. And set a timer for two weeks from tonight from from today as that you're not going to spend any more time and Okay, give yourself some grace. What I like is 13 days plus three, because this is actually, again, this is a software, I do a lot of stuff from like the software world because that's what I grew up around. So the idea is 14 plus three. So it gives yourself a grace period. Let's say that you reach day 14, and you're still not done with done yet. Okay? Give yourself three more days. But don't give yourself another week, give yourself three more days to finish it so that you're not spending more than 17 days to finish any one step of breadth of planning, mapping out brainstorming your business. And then what it is, is break it down into smaller chunks. This is a productivity strategy that will transform your life is that if you don't take longer than 14, plus three days, maybe 17 days, if you need to add on any one thing. You'll be successful and some of you are like, that's impossible. It's impossible for me, let me explain how it's possible. Let me explain how the last 14 days oops really breaks down for you. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm some of y'all, you're going to have your paradigm completely shifted. And this is this, this is going to be the one thing that you actually needed to hear, that's going to transform your life. It's a productivity strategy here because this 14 plus three if you take 17 days and you're still stuck. Okay. I need you to hear this. There are some of you right now that I know that you're tuning me out that you are not listening to this that this is too uncomfortable for you to listen to, is you don't want to hear anything about productivity that you want to hear about. How do I create modules? And how do I structure my course? And how do I organize my course content? And how do I transition my existing knowledge into marketable content and, and you want a clear approach to unify everything together and all of this can I tell you this, this is what's gonna get you there. I'm only going to take five more minutes on this. And then we're going to dive into that with you. Okay. Please stick with me for five minutes and Doc, let's set a timer on this, because I want to hold myself accountable. Timer, five minutes and then we are going to go into the meat and potatoes. All right. Five minute timer. Here we go. All right, maximum. That's after five minutes. I'm not gonna talk about this anymore. Okay. All right. All right. So if something takes you longer than 17 days to get done

[869:33] Speaker 0: break it down into smaller chunks. Actually, y'all can't see my screen. So let me do this. I got the timer in front of me. Some of y'all are you got you got it. Okay, we got four minutes left. If after 17 days, you're still stuck. You're not clear on what to do. You're not clear on what steps to take. You don't know what to do next. You feel stuck moving to the next step. Okay. That generally means that you're trying to We do way too much in that period of time. And one of the things that we need to do is we need to, we need to stop being so critical of ourselves for things taking longer than we want them to. And we need to accept the fact that sometimes, even if we're used to things being really quick for us and happening really fast for us that sometimes this stuff because it's new takes longer than we expect, I got three and a half minutes left. Anything that any step of building your coaching and course business, this is going to change somebody else's lives. If you get this, if you grab onto this, break it down into a smaller step. And then spend 14 days on that step. 14 days on this step 14 days on this step. And some of you are like, Yeah, but Jeremiah, I need this to happen fast in the next 30 days, man. I hear that a lot from people, I need this to work out quickly. Man. I don't mean that to mock anybody, but it's just I hear that from some people, I'm gonna tell you that that mindset of I need this to work out fast.

[900:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: It will actually take you it will take you 10 times longer than doing it this way. Okay. And if any one of these steps takes you longer than 14 plus three days, break that stuff down into smaller steps.

[903:57] Speaker 0: And at this point, this is where I would get some help. Okay, if you still find if you're doing this twice, by the way, this is literally how I do stuff. And my life is taking you longer, I go and find somebody to help me. And we have incredible resources now at our disposal to be able to research and to find answers. You have YouTube. We have AI that can help us we got Facebook groups that can help us. Some of y'all are hesitant to post in a Facebook group, a question that you have, because you don't want to sound stupid to somebody? Can I tell you this, the fear of looking and sounding stupid is one of the greatest things that actually stops people from succeeding in life. And I get it. Oftentimes it comes from being bullied in your life. Oftentimes, it also might come from the fact that maybe you were praised for all the smart things that you did. And maybe you have always found your identity and self worth in being and looking smart to everybody. Okay, and I know that I'm touching on some things right now. I know that I'm going deep right now. But can I tell you this, that if you have the vulnerability and the humility, to not need to look smart and to ask questions, even if you think it's a silly question that you should know the answer to, and you're willing to ask, and maybe you say a lot, I don't know how to ask it the right way. As chat JpT use AI to ask to show you how to ask better questions, get the help that you need, figure out maybe there's a blind spot that you have, maybe you need some help, maybe you need to go through a different training on YouTube or a course or learn something. Oh, and by the way, you're somebody who's selling courses and coaching. It's good to also go through trainings and learn stuff, maybe there's a skills gap that you have that you need to shore up over that time, and then do it again, and iterate again. But this is the productivity strategy that I use that has transformed my life and my clients as learning to give ourselves a time limit on how long we're going to take to do things, and how long we're going to take to find the answers that we need. Okay. Now, those of you that are here and you want to learn, how do I put all this together? How do I plan this out? How do I map this out? How do I make sure that this is all going to work out number one, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna address this one right here. Okay. Some of y'all are stuck because you think that the video quality of your course needs to be really high end. So one thing I'm gonna address right here is if we go on Amazon and I look up

[948:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: webcam This is the camera that I use to record all my content $40 You do not need anything expensive to create your courses. You can even use your cell phone

[952:03] Speaker 0: okay

[954:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Yeti USB microphone This will create great high quality audio. I think audio is an important thing to have quality. So I would invest maybe 100 bucks into a good microphone, the Yeti microphone Some of y'all need to Google this. look this up on here. But here's the thing. Maybe that is too expensive. Okay, just go USB microphone. And I would just find somebody that has at least four and a half Stars on here, you know, sort by the highest reviews. And then pick one that you like that you liked the reviews of I generally find what has the most purchases. And then the most reviews, this looks good. I try not to necessarily do the sponsored ones. I know this one's really good overall pick, this is really good. And he then says overall pick popular brand pick on best seller. You can't really go wrong with any of those. So $23 That's a decent microphone right there. All right. And then ring light this is do you have like a ring light right here 30 dot for under 100 bucks. You can have Video quality that's rival studio quality because you got a webcam. You got the good microphone and you have a light right here. And you know, so that's what I have right here. I have this light here in my office and my cat tree right there that my cat lives on. I got this microphone right here. Okay. And that's my office here. Some of y'all look at my backdrop and you're like, Yeah, but that's all pretty advanced. You want to know what I didn't have pretty and fancy for the first couple of years that I did things and this is all from Ikea by the way. I went super cheap on this we painted the wall black, or it's actually blue. We painted it blue paint from Home Depot. A couple coats of paint. Got some of these light strips. You can get most of all this from Home Depot even if you want to do something cool like this. All right. Um, whiteboard easel that. Let's see whiteboard easel.

[986:12] Speaker 0: easel stand for paper. So I have one of these. I have an easel stand right here about 30 bucks. And then we have things 27 And yeah, 2424 by 36 paper.

[991:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's Oh, no, that's not right. Large paper pads. easel for an easel There you go. So then you can grab any of these like large pads right here. And then that's what I have for my for what I drawn and I got these jumbo size markers, jumbo size markers, literally, under 200 bucks, you can have a setup. That's top echelon, top 5% of coaches that are out there. Okay. And then all you do is you just record the content, you can even again, like I said, even use your cell phone, the cell phones today have incredible quality.

[1001:36] Speaker 0: To be honest, I probably should be using my cell phone as my main camera. I don't. Because I had to have this setup for a while. Here's another thing, shiny object syndrome, bouncing from idea to platform to technology to technology, thinking that there's something better that you're going to jump over to that's going to give you a slight edge to help you be successful. Can I tell you this? That's a big distraction, learning to control your ability to be distracted by new and better and shiny ideas is going to help you Okay. And then really what it all boils down to is it boils down to getting clarity on what topic are you going to talk about? Okay?

[1012:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some of y'all are like, wait a sec, what about software platforms? What should we use, so there's a few of them that are out there that I like to use my favorite. There's one that a lot of people like it's an all in one platform that does allow you to sell your coaching and courses and stuff like this. And in my coaching group, I'm actually creating a course where I walk you through how to use this software right here. It's free, I think it's pretty cool. But it is a lot more technical to use than most people are comfortable with. So I'll tell you this, Free is good. But you also do kind of get what you pay for. They have and I'm gonna their pricing is incredible. It's it's basically like what Clickfunnels offered, but for free to start off with. You could grow a business that makes six figures using this Free Software System IO. It's awesome. Okay, and we'll give you an affiliate link to it here as well. You know, I'm starting to use it. I'm starting to play around with it. However, if you have a little bit of a budget to spend on software, I prefer for beginners Squarespace, okay. Why? Because it is. And I've used all of them. I've used every platform that's out there, Wix groove, groove is also hard to use.

[1033:37] Speaker 0: Click Funnels go high level. A lot of people have like white label versions. They call it like 360 or whatever things like that. Okay, Wordpress, I've used all of them. I've there's like, there's like 100 of them that are out there. And I've actually tested all of the different software platforms. And I can tell you Squarespace is the easiest to learn, use and get up and running. to market your business, your business, okay.

[1040:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what I use to actually deliver the courses is I use, think if ik.com. Think if ik.com is where the courses live, okay, so this is where people can log in, and they can access this. And they can log in and they can, they can, where people can watch your video content and things like that. There is a new platform that's popped on the scene. It's called school. I have not tested it. But I know there are a lot of coaches and course creators that really like it, to deliver their their courses and stuff like that. So again, I can't necessarily vouch for it as being a user of it, but I have heard really good things. And some of the top people are using it. And so because you can have classes right here, there's a few features that are missing from it that I'd like them to add. And then I may move even some of my stuff over to it. And it is pretty cool. It has calendars, it's got stuff for members, gamification, you got your classes, and here they're delivered just like this. I mean, it's pretty cool at school is a really cool platform. Again, I've not used it myself, but I have had, I've heard great things. So just just be saying from what I've heard from others, is I am looking into it as well. But I use Thinkific I use a combination of thinkific.com and Squarespace. Okay. And I will say, as you'll probably still need to use school. And then Squarespace you'll because basically school is really good at delivering the content, delivering the the sales, delivering the like the course itself, the learning platform, I use Thinkific. So like if you log in here, over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And those of you who grabbed the VIP, you have access to this. This is where we have all of our courses like this is my course funnel building on System IO made easy. And you know, we might, I might create an account with school and and create a course on this. But basically this is this is what think it looks like if you log into Thinkific. See here. Here's one forbidden advertising navigating add restrictions. Okay, so this is a course because a lot of people come to me they're like, Oh, how do I advertise if I if I can't market certain things, or my ads account has been shut down. So I actually have a course here. And this is Thinkific. And it delivers these courses. And in in our courses, we have checklists for all the things to do summary of the lessons, I have a transcript for all the lessons right here. Some of y'all are gonna pause the video and read the transcript here and go through one of these less.

[1085:48] Speaker 0: You know, I'm totally fine. Here's the funnel building with System IO right here. I don't know why it's taking a while to load.

[1089:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna look into that. Am I trying to vouch for Thinkific and it's taken a while to load. Sometimes that happens, it'll come back later. Because all the all these other courses are loading just fine. It might be a setting that I set in there that I'm going to go back and checks anyways.

[1094:00] Speaker 0: Funnel building strategic funnels, checklists, lesson summaries, transcripts, and we use AI to actually generate all this by the way, I use a software called otter.ai. Otter AI transcribes every single session that I do. It's really cost effective and it uses artificial intelligence. To make it extremely accurately most people could actually use the free version of just 30 minutes for conversations. Yeah, so if you want up to a 90 minute conversation, 16 bucks a month right here for high quality transcripts, Zoom automatically transcribed stuff for you, Youtube, if you upload a video to YouTube, also transcribes for you. Okay. And then our kind of swiss army knife that we use for a lot of stuff is chat GPT. So we use AI not to necessarily create our content, but to help us create a lot of our resources and our marketing. So what I do is I'll teach a course. And even when I'm teaching here today, I actually have this over here. I actually have, let me see if I can pull these up for you. Anytime that I teach a course. I have notes about what I want to talk about.

[1115:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And these notes are over here on my screen about the things that people deal with, about the stuff that they're dealing with. So this keeps me on track as far as this goes. Want to know how I generated these notes chat GPT

[1118:49] Speaker 0: actually had chat GPT analyze the questions that came Amen from people and generate for me, outlines for what to talk about. And so we are so blessed today to have access to chat GBT not necessarily to create content, but to be a brainstorming assistant to help us come up with ideas. And that's one of the things that I will tell you and then I will encourage you in Okay.

[1127:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's one of the biggest things that stops people from succeeding when it comes to their courses. By the way, we also we also use Zoom, zoom calls like this. We have a course in my coaching program all about zoom calls all about doing that.

[1130:39] Speaker 0: Anybody who's in my my high level coaching program learns how to use those tools. One of the biggest things that I see that stops people from succeeding is they are hesitant to you use technology because they don't know how to use it. And they're worried of using it wrong or they don't want to break it or they don't want things to go wrong or they don't want to ask questions. Can I tell you this if you follow me, Jeremiah Krakowski and you follow my content. And if you go over here you can look over at at Jeremiah krakowski.com. We got a ton of free resources for you. We got blog posts, I have a weekly podcast that I do for coaches and mentors. It's on Apple Music and Spotify that we host every single week. All about the different areas that coaches and mentors need help with. And so like if you're if you're watching this right now check out my podcast look up the Grow Your Life podcast type in my name, Jeremiah, Krakowski. These are lessons like this one right here the logistics for tech aspects of course creation. So this is an episode right here. If you click on episode website, each one has a video, it will ask and I actually break down all the ways to put together the lessons you know course how to create it in Thinkific, all the different ways that we do that using Squarespace. So I give all of that away for free. So if you're here today, you're watching this and engaging with me. subscribe to the podcast, head on over to my YouTube channel, subscribe to my YouTube channel, we got videos every like multiple times a week on putting together your courses, your coaching, how to market and all that. And I give that away to you for free, simply by you engaging with me, okay? Can I tell you this, by the way, you don't need to create a whole bunch of content to be successful. With your coaching and courses. Some of y'all are like, Oh my gosh, Jeremiah, you get all this free content? Do I need to create all this content? Can I tell you this? You're seeing me here today as somebody who has a team that's making seven figures? Can I tell you this? I didn't have a team before I was making seven figures? Can I tell you this that I did this without having to create a whole bunch of content, I tell you this, I did this by actually only focusing on just a few simple areas of what it takes to create a successful course and coaching business. There is a process to doing this. We're going to start you off on that process here today. How do you brainstorm and come up with and identify the very best, most marketable niches and content to create your courses and coaching programs with people. So we're gonna dive into that right now. And I'm gonna walk you through how we do that. So there are a couple of resources that we use for you to identify what is marketable. And what's going to be good enough to choose the best niche to focus on in your business. Number one, you have to create a chat GPT account, okay. And the cool part is, is that it's free. Now there is a paid version. And when you start marketing your course, you're gonna want to use the paid version of chat GPT because the outputs that it creates with the free version are not as good as the paid version. There are also a few other AI tools that are out there that are both free and paid. I actually kind of use a combination of different AI tools. By the way, if you want to know what some of those are. I'll list them out here for let me list them out for you. Some of y'all just might want to know like what are some of the best AI tools to check out? So write some of these down and then research them later. A lot of them have free versions and then they're paid upgrades are about like 10 to 20 bucks. So one of my favorites for research is called

[1198:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: perplexity perplexity.ai It's a it's a super engine, it's like a search engine combined with AI that searches the whole internet really fast, they have some kind of proprietary algorithm. And they're getting billions of dollars of investment to to optimize this as a research assistant. So if you're trying to find a topic on anything, and how to do certain things, it will actually go to work and show you like, how to find the answers to a lot of those different things. Like for instance, here, I want to create a online course. What are the best steps to planning out and finding the most marketable niche? Okay, understand the question, what is the main topic you want to create the course on? Let's just Let's just do gardening. Okay. So it searches the web finds you sources and instantly finds you YouTube videos, there's articles you can read. And it will literally give you an map out with the sources cited.

[1216:24] Speaker 0: How to do this? And the responses are incredible. Because it's, it's it's crowdsourcing, a bunch of real time information

[1219:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: with sources to actually show you what the answers are, like, if we click on the sources here, view 22 more look at all these different sources. You could literally then go read through because this is better than Google. I'll tell you this. It's better than Google right now. Any of these topics right here? And you can find the answers to that. And then you could dive deeper.

[1226:36] Speaker 0: I'm dealing with perfectionism, about making my course. Perfect. How do I grow past this?

[1229:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it will literally start to unpack and answer questions for oh, look at it's my video right there. Why? Because that's literally, that's awesome. It's actually pulled up my video. That's great. It's because of the words that I used to search are probably a lot of the same words that that's funny. That are that are that come up? Oh, aim for excellence rather than perfect love. Love this break the cycle of overthinking? How do I stop overthinking it's my personality. So by the way, and I spent I literally could spend like the next hour just diving through perplexity with you to show you this to research stuff. Okay, so that's one of my favorite AI tools. For marketing. It's Barnard it's going to be chat GPT.

[1243:24] Speaker 0: And, and specifically GPT four, which is the paid version, that's $20 a month, okay. There's another free one that's out there. It's called cloud.ai. And they also have a paid version. It's kind of like chat GPT. I sometimes use both of them. And I compare the two responses cloud is what they call it. It's like the kind of AI it's like the compassionate AI. That's their goal there. And then there's what's called Bird by Google. So if you go to bird.google.com, it's free. And it is basically Google's version of chat GPT. And it's also really good as well. And it's completely free to access. So you got cloud.ai right here. And then we got barred dot.google.com Right here. All right.

[1260:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so like you could ask it questions here as far as what are the top 100 niches that are profitable for a coaching business? Actually, let's ask a couple of these different AIS, this same question.

[1265:37] Speaker 0: What are the top most profitable niches niches for a coaching business? What type of coaching any type okay. And then let's ask chat GPT. And by the way, I have the paid version here. But let's switch it over to the free one for you. So you can just kind of see how powerful even the free version is. So the AI is going to give you 100 possible niches that you could create a coaching or course business around already if you're wanting to do this. This is a great way to brainstorm and you'll notice a lot of them are somewhat similar to each other. Here's Bard general niches, digital topics for finding profitable niches. Can you generate me A list of some of the best, most profitable.

[1281:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: That says Google's version Bard. I'd be happy to generate you a list I need to know some more information. That's kind of cool, though. And it gives you different niches that you could use in different fields. So you can tell it what field you want to be in. What about for accountants? What niches could accountants do if my background is in accounting? Okay. Let's do this. What niches could a minister or pastor do for coaching? Let's try that. Let's try this one here. What Nish could a

[1293:01] Speaker 0: gardener do for gardening and then what the AI generates as it goes deeper with you. And this helps you brainstorm choosing the best topic for you.

[1297:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Spiritual Growth discipleship coaching career coaching relationship. This is for like if you're a pastor or minister, divorce recovery. Bard if you're an accountant, you could do industry specific accounting, nonprofit health care accounting, construction tax specialization, estate planning forensic accounting. Okay. What about niches for courses for an accountant that somebody with that background could sell? What about niches for courses for a minister? Like the above, by the way, if you want to tell it like the above, that's a key statement. With AI, it'll tell it to remember what's above it. And then this is pretty good urban garden coaching kitchen gardening, flower garden, Japanese and so perfect. So let's say you want to do sustainable landscape coaching. I want to do sustainable landscape coaching. Are there other sub niches that I could create a paid program around and charge $297 for? I think any course could be sold for $300 Just fine. For some of you all you're like, wow, that's really expensive. It's actually the on the cheap end of what I think you should charge I think you should charge at least 500 Even $1,000 for your coaching or courses. Even Okay, native plant landscaping, rainwater harvesting chemical free lawn care. Let's see in perplexity you could do Biblical Studies, theological studies, preaching skills. Okay, perfect. Let's say

[1325:50] Speaker 0: I want to make a course on preaching skills. What are some sub niche topic ideas around this that could be marketable?

[1329:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, counting fundamentals, tax prep for individuals perfect. I want to do tax prep for individuals. And by the way, this is key to do is to ask it, what are some sub niches I could do this around that are marketable?

[1336:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or these marketable and good enough. You can even ask it this, the sub niches I provided are marketable and have the potential to be successful. But for more success, here's what it takes market research before launching, conduct market research to understand your chosen niche. By the way, that's key. And that's important. Competitive analysis by the way, how do we recommend you do a lot of your competitive analysis, a lot of your continuous improvement, it's that alpha release approach, create something that's a beta test, something that you can put out there something that you can launch and get some clients in, get some people testing out, and then get some feedback here. What are their questions? That's one of the biggest things grabbing on to the questions that people ask, you know, we're gonna go into our VIP here in just a little bit, and we're going to have some questions that I'm going to be reviewing with you and we're going to be going over why do we I host a VIP so I can listen to what people's questions are.

[1352:36] Speaker 0: Why don't I have you telling me what you're struggling with that you're dealing with? In fact, I'm going to ask this right now we're going to have another survey that's going to pop up on the screen. Give me one niche idea and you don't need to be specific or anything like that. Nobody else is going to see it. But it helps me know how to coach you better know how to create better content. If you if you're willing to share what are a few ideas that maybe you have for a niche or a few nice ideas. that you could that you could choose from, okay?

[1361:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me know suddenly shows around preaching skills so you could teach mastering nonverbal communication, effective sermon delivery. And then look, it'll search videos for you. So now it's gonna go search for some videos on these topics. It's gonna search images. How do you like perplexity is so cool on this memory techniques for preachers, now you got articles crafting a memorable sermon it's an amazing learning tool, just don't get so addicted to learning that you don't build anything. And I want to challenge you on that right now. One of the things you know, we could spend hours just brainstorming with Bard and with

[1375:09] Speaker 0: chat GPT and perplexity and by the way, these are some great ideas, young professionals how to do their own accounting, crypto accounting. This is great crypto accounting, you know, you could you could pick a niche like this, can you map out an outline for an eight week course, or eight module course, by the way, I kind of like eight, eight, module eight is very extensive. So in my courses, I try to aim for about six modules. Sometimes if it's not a big topics on my courses are only three modules even, you know, I have a course in my members area. It's all about funnels. And it's only three modules, because there wasn't much for me to talk about. Beyond that. It was very specific. But then I have a copywriting course all about how to write sales language for my clients, and it's eight modules long. So I like at least for brainstorming, the rule of thumb that I like to do is can you map out an outline for an eight module course or coaching program around this topic? So we copy and paste one of these ideas, and then we tell it, can you map out this? Let's let's try this out here. We're going to have that generate this in Bard. We're going to try this right here we're going to do mastering memory techniques for preachers, why? Because it's kind of a very niche topic. And then we're going to do around gardening, we're going to do specifically sustainable garden design blueprint we're going to do, can you map out the modules for an for an eight week program, or an eight session training eight module course, around this topic? And then so what you do is you basically paste what chat GBT gave you as an idea.

[1407:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then it goes to work. And it actually maps out what each session it brainstorms with you what each session could be introducing garden design, how to analyze the site, native plant selection, water management, soil health. And then this gives you ideas that you could then dive into deeper and even brainstorm some of these as far as this goes, you know, for instance, water management and rainwater harvesting, can you break this down into eight additional modules. By the way, this is kind of a fun practice as you basically you can literally go levels deep, and really start to break down all of the different things that you need to do as far as this goes, you know,

[1419:46] Speaker 0: selecting drought tolerant plants, can you map out eight modules, just around selecting drought tolerant plants. So you see how the AI is like, the ultimate brainstorming assistant. To our each thing, it's good, you can actually have it branch out and branch out and come up with just a network of ideas on any topic that you could imagine or think about. Here's a suggested eight module, you could do memory chunking down visualization. Different devices to use for memory, the role of repetition. Then let's say you could create Okay, can you map out eight modules around this?

[1435:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Visualization techniques, the science behind visualization that map advanced techniques. Okay, so you so you see how you can use the AI to map out even what your different sessions are. That you could use that you could create a course or coaching program around It's an incredible tool for brainstorming. The other thing that we use, there's two other tools. Answer the public.com. This is where you can type in and find what people are searching for cryptocurrency taxes.

[1444:19] Speaker 0: If I search for this, it's gonna show me what people are actually searching for around cryptocurrency taxes. What are they asking the search the most? Are they taxed? Is it tax free? Taxes in certain countries tax calculator, top search results. So answer the public is really cool because it basically goes to work and it finds you what people are searching for on these various different platforms. And you can search it for YouTube and everything like that. Another thing that I love is you go to YouTube, you could find this right here, how to create a memorable sermon. And you can literally see YouTube videos on the topic that you want to brainstorm around. And so what this is going to do is it's going to show you and this is why this is so valuable, as especially if you sort this by view count, it's going to give you the most popular and what that tells you is its marketability. There were 70,000 people that wanted to learn how to prepare a sermon with a three point outline. So this gives you ideas, and you never have to be stuck. Wondering what are some good ideas to put together for a course, or coaching program? Now, here's the thing. Now that you have these ideas, how do you start to put them together? Well, that's where you what I like to do as this is I like to map out what are the first two modules I want to create. And what the alpha release approach what we do is, you want to pre sell. And you want to get some people to sign up for it even before you've created everything. And it's gonna take me a little bit longer. We were at the end of our session here today, we're at the end of what we're talking about here. But I want to actually walk you through not just how to map out your niche, not just how to get past what's got you stuck, not just the technical aspects of putting this all together. We're going to talk about that in our VIP, and we're gonna be able to answer your questions and go through that. And if this isn't, if you don't have access to the VIP here today, you can still grab it, to join us to get some of those different questions that you have answered. But I want to I want to tell you about something, I want to invite you to something that I'm actually hosting here in a couple of weeks, that I think is going to be the answer that some of y'all have been looking for. So today, we've basically kind of started you on the process of brainstorming, coming up with ideas, I've shown you what the best tools are to use, I've given you enough for the next two weeks to be able to kind of come up with this in two weeks, actually, basically, it's basically two weeks, starting on January 29. We're going to spend five days I'm going to spend five days with you, you can see January 29 through February 2, and I'm hosting a five day online intensive and this is this is not an overinflated number. This is actually a very conservative number as to the value of what this is, I have had people go through I do these a couple of times a year, the five day intensives. And I've had people go through one with me. And they have told me that they were more valuable than a $10,000 course that they invested in with somebody else. So I've had a bunch of people telling me that the value of what we deliver for free in one of these five day intensives totally free for you to go through. It's live and you can watch the recordings. We give you about about a week and a half to watch the recordings for free. Okay. Like, I'm crazy. My I've had people telling me I'm crazy for doing this. I honestly think it's smart because of the model that I've developed. But I want you to succeed. And so I want to invite you to spend five days with me during the week of January 29 through February 2 on how to start and grow your course or group coaching business to six figures, how to start it and how to grow it to that six figure level. What is the process To start making a consistent 10 to $30,000 per month, I want to walk you through that whole process. And here's, here's why I believe that this is the next step for you after our VIP, we're gonna go through a whole lot more in the VIP, we're going to continue what we've been talking about here today, okay, you're also gonna get the recording here today, that you're gonna be able to watch. If you're watching the recording of this right now, you can get the recording of our VIP session by upgrading to the VIP, that you have access to today's session, and so that you can watch through it. And you can pause it, and you can watch through the different prompts that I did in the AI and you can actually follow along and do it yourself. Okay, after this, this is what I believe is the most strategic next step for you. To start and grow your group coaching, or course to six figures, five day online intensive. We're gonna walk you through how to successfully create and launch an exceptional world class, online course or group coaching offer that you can be proud of, and excited to promote to the world. Even if you're not super tech savvy, that's fine. Even if you're not famous already online, or you don't have any success online at all, and you're just getting started. We're going to break past the overwhelm and simplify everything for you how to create an irresistible offer, how to create an incredible course, how to create something that's world class that delivers incredible results to your clients how to do so very simply and easily how to only work five to 10 hours a week to do this. So that you can maximize your time and have the most amount of profits in your business. So what we're going to do is we're going to break down how to actually create your perfect online offer. And some of y'all are like, wait a sec, what is an offer? Okay, so let me explain this to you. And I've been kind of I've been kind of tiptoeing around this all day, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna get to the point here. The biggest mistake that you can make is creating a course, filming all the modules, putting it all together,

[1556:01] Speaker 0: and then marketing it to people. It's the biggest mistake you can make, the better way to do it. And I'm not going to tell you it's it's it's easier, it is harder.

[1561:43] Speaker 0: But it's also faster, and it's more effective. It's the better way, it's the more strategic way, you can take 10 times 20 times longer to not do it this way. And you will be working way more hours than you need to. Whereas this way, it's simpler. It takes way less time. But it is going to challenge. What's going on in here is if you have the fear of disappointing other people, and it needs to be perfect and you you're afraid of things not being perfect, before putting them out there. That will be something that you need to challenge because what you need to do is instead of creating the course, putting all the modules together, putting on recording all of that credit, making all the sessions making the workbooks and all of that perfect. No, you pre sell it before any of that is created yet. And you and you map out the beginning stages, you create a rough outline. And you actually create an offer to market an alpha release course or coaching program to a group of people that are going to help you improve it over time. And I can tell you this, the people who do this are the ones that are successful. The most successful courses and coach prayer creators do this, the people that I meet, I've worked with 1000s, of course creators and coaches. And most of them think that the best way they think it's wisdom is to do it. Create all the assets first create everything and then market it. I have yet to see, really any of those people succeed financially, ever. And it's because it's the way that seems the most right to them. And yet it's the most ineffective. And so if you want to learn the most effective process to starting and growing a six figure course or coaching business, I'm going to be giving you that here during these five days. And so what we want to do is we actually start we we combine the first step you create the offer and the market Adding, and you map out the course, and the modules all at the same time. Okay. And that's the part that I think a lot of people get wrong is they separate the two out, they create the course and the modules. And then they create the marketing, you want to create all of those simultaneously. And you want to spend way less time and you think you should, on that the law of 14 days applies to each step, we have what I call the six steps to six figures that we're going to break down during this the six steps to six figures, has helped more people make six figures with their course that have struggled than anything else. And I'm going to give you that process for free that I have only ever shared with my high level coaching clients during this, this five day intensive. Okay, so we're gonna break down with you for these five days. How do you create all of that? How do you position it? And then what are the exact words to say, to actually get people to say yes, to buy your course? How do you simplify things? And then how do you automate them so that you don't have to be doing all these hours of fulfillment? And then how do you get people to actually pay for it? You know, right now, you might feel like you're swamped or overloaded by all the different advice that's out there on how to get clients and how to build a business. You might not know how to grow a coke course or coaching business, you might feel drained from the fact that you're not making the kind of money that you want to make, you might even feel like giving up on your dream of making courses and coaching, I want to give you a razor sharp, clear, unified roadmap on how to take your idea. And even if you don't have the idea, yet, we're going to give you some tools in the first two days, on how to brainstorm even better, we're going to work with you through that, okay, so if, if I would, I would challenge you in the next 1415 days leading up to this, spend some time, coming up with your idea, use the AI, brainstorm some of that, and then bring that into this five day with us, then we're gonna give you razor sharp clarity and a roadmap on how to put all this together, we're gonna show you the stuff that you need to gain the confidence to put yourself out there. And it's not just mental, it's tangible, it's practical, it's by taking action. We're gonna give you the tested proven strategy that works, that's gonna allow you to create the kind of business that you want to create. And we're gonna help you go from struggling or failing to being successful, both financially, and impacting those clients that you want to impact. And so this is completely free for these five days.

[1644:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you are somebody who is willing to take action on a plan given to them, if you are willing to take your life to the next level, if you have a vision for where you're going, or you want to get one, if you're teachable and willing to learn new skills, and you want to make six and seven figures, and most importantly, you have honesty and integrity and you want to build a business around that. That's the most important thing. I'm going to walk you through that process during these five days. Okay.

[1653:30] Speaker 0: And here's a list of who it's not for. If you're somebody who who's a know it all, who thinks you shouldn't sell coaching, if you want to just get knowledge and not do anything with it, if you just kick around ideas if you hate your boss, if you hate hard work and you're looking for a lottery ticket, that's not this. Okay, if you're a whiner, complainer, please do not register for this. Okay? So it's completely free. And I'd love to have you join us over there and spend this time with us. There is also a VIP upgrade that you can grab along with us. And so when you register right now, let's just go type this in right now. Get registered for free. There is a VIP upgrade that I've actually put together. And what does this give you? It's only $17. Until Monday, January 15. Okay, that's on Monday, this coming Monday. What this gives you is this gives you access to five days of backstage pass coaching with me after each day's live session, the main sessions are going to show you how to create a course or coaching business that's going to generate six figures, then you're going to have questions. And so to get the training and coaching from me, upgrade to this VIP and you're gonna be able to get access to five days to work with me to get your questions answered right now. If you want to coach with me, some of you are like, how do I skip this and just coach with you? Well, you can do a $55,000 VIP day that's actually the only way to coach with me right now. And if you want to do that, you can put a deposit down for five grand over here on my website. All right. I have A group coaching program, but it is not open to any enrollment right now. And we are not opening the doors to it anytime soon. So you can get on the waiting list for my group coaching program. And generally that costs, you know about about two to $3,000 to join this program, depending on which level you join at, okay. And yes, we do have a payment plan on that. But here's the thing, the best way to get to work with me and to get the help that you need right now in your business, is going to be the $17 VIP upgrade as part of this five day intensive, okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to be spending these five days together, working with you on your business, we're going to have each session mapped out for you. And then we're going to take five days in the VIP q&a session. And I'm going to answer all of your questions about what it's going to take to put your business together, we're going to give you the clarity, the support, I'm gonna be able to walk you through some of the stuff that maybe you're stuck on. And I'm going to give you access to me during those five days, as part of the $17 VIP upgrade. To start to build your business together, you're also going to get, there's four bonus trainings that was actually put together, we have what's called the chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle, this is all about dialing in the words and the sales letter that you have in your business. This is all about getting very specific about what to say, and how to say it to sell in your business. We're gonna give you the getting unstuck, to take massive action training, we're gonna give you the fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business training, and the VIP mindset training all for free as part of this for $17 as the early bird discount before the price goes back up to full price, after Monday, January 15. So go grab this right now, upgrade to the VIP for this. And I cannot wait to spend these five days with you again, listen, maybe you just want to check it out. It's free, the five days are free. I'm excited to spend these five days with you. And I truly believe that this is going to be the best next step for you to know what to do, and how to put everything together. Now today, we have our own VIP and yes, I know I went overtime. So here's what I'm going to be giving you. We went over time today in the main session. And I know some of y'all are like, couldn't you have ended on time? I wanted to cover everything for for everybody that's here. So take it as a gift. Okay, so I'm going to give you a little bit of extra time at the end of our VIP, for those of you that have that time available. I know some of y'all only mapped out till the end of the set. What's What What time is it right now? It is it's 12. I know you only mapped out basically until 230. Eastern 130 Central, and you gotta go. So if you gotta go at 132 30 Eastern. Let us know put in the chat when you join the VIP say, Hey, I gotta get going at the end. Can you take my question first? Okay. So make sure to communicate that with us that you want your question answered first, because you have to go at the end of the VIP. Okay. All right. So that's how we're gonna be able to serve everybody. And then I'm going to extend out the end of the VIP just a little bit longer to make sure that we answer everybody's questions so that we make sure that we give you the promised hour as you have with us. All right. By the way, one question that does come in from some people like, hey, Jeremiah, if I grabbed the VIP for the five day do I get? Do I get access to the one today for free? Or do I get access? Do I get a discount on the five day one because I have today is VIP? No, they are two separate tickets. Okay, so today's is $7. The one for the five day is $17 until Monday, and you got to buy both separately. If you want access to one or the other. We don't do any bundles or any deals on that. Okay. It's cheap enough that I think I think everybody can afford to do this. And if you're serious about implementing and putting together what we talked about, join me for the five day for this jump in, grab the VIP and I cannot wait to spend that time with you to work with you to start to build and grow your six figure course or group coaching in a way that's going to make you six figures as fast and efficiently as possible. It's not a get rich quick scheme by any means. Those don't exist. I do not believe in those. But it is the most efficient process that I know of. All right. Listen, for those y'all that are in our VIP today. I'm about to go hop on over to that I will see y'all in that other Zoom Room here shortly. And I cannot wait to continue knew what we've been talking about here today. And to answer any questions that you have, again, make sure if you gotta get going at the end, if you gotta go on time, just join the Zoom call post in the chat. I got to get going at the end here, not here, not in the chat here, not in this chat right now. But in the Zoom call and then in the VIP chat, okay, post in there that you got to get going. And then raise your hand and I will take your question first. Okay, if you want to know how to get access to the VIP, the link should be we'll post the link in here right now. It's also in your email, and then you'll get sent an email with the Zoom call right after that. It's also on the thank you page after you upgrade to today's VIP. Okay, so go upgraded today's if you want it. If you're watching the recording of this, you can still get the recording of today's session and the VIP recording as well. All right, I'm gonna go see y'all in the VIP Zoom Room and we'll talk soon in just a sec. You

