January 27: Get More Course Sales or Coaching Clients with Facebook Ads
Date: 2024-01-27T19:14:27.000Z
Duration: 113 min
Otter ID: QqSOsOlEMctgDzXwGr3HpLOyAPA
---

[144:51] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, welcome. Welcome, welcome. I hope and trust that you are doing well today. Welcome this Saturday, there we go. Welcome to this live session. Thanks for being here. Thanks for spending this time with me. Thanks for saying you know what I want to learn how to make these Facebook Ads work. I want to learn how to stop struggling. I want to learn how to have the clarity that I've been looking for. I've been I've been working way too hard, not getting the kind of results that I want. If that's you, you're in the right place. If you are starting a coaching or online course business, you wanna know, how do I get clients? How do I get people to buy these from me? Maybe you've had your ads manager account shut down before maybe you've had issues with Making Facebook Ads work, maybe the algorithm isn't working for you. That's who I'm talking to here today, those who want to be able to make six, and even seven figures with an online course, you're gonna sell some courses, you're gonna get some coaching clients and paid clients. And we're going to talk about how do you attract those people to you with Facebook ads. And so that's what my promises here today. You can see right here. We talked about this for coaches, course creators, trainers thought leaders to get more paid clients to start making 10 to 30,000 per month using proven strategies. This isn't just something that I read in a book somewhere. This isn't just something that I found on a YouTube video somewhere. This is actual stuff that works that we're doing with our clients that we're doing in our business that can work for you. Even if you've never ran ads before, you don't have an email list, even if you're just starting out. Now. Here's the deal. Okay, I just I have to say this before we go any further. Number one, maybe you're probably watching this, you're like, Who is this guy? He's got a lot of energy. Why is he so excited? What am I going to learn today? Is this the same as anything that I've seen before, I promise you this, this is going to be a different experience than anything that you have ever been a part of on the internet today. And a little bit about myself. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For those of y'all that I have not met yet. And I have been in the online coaching, and corpse and training industry for the last 21 years successfully. I've not been like struggling during that time we've been I've been successful in that space for the last 21 years. And I actually got my start in a very unconventional way. I'm gonna talk about that in just a second, okay. Sometimes I wish I was where some of you guys are at, because I had to relearn a lot of things. Even though I had been successful, I had to go a very unconventional path to get where I am here today. Okay. But before we talk about that, again, I'm going to talk about who is this for, it's for coaches, course creators, trainers and thought leaders, if you are not a coach, a course creator, a trainer, a nonfiction author, a thought leader, somebody who wants to become the number one trusted authority in their space. And maybe you already are the number one trusted authority in your space, but you want to go further with that, whether you want to create a name for yourself, or you want to amplify an existing name. That's what this is right here. If that does not fit you, I'm I'm sorry, but you're gonna you're gonna probably hate most of what I'm going to talk about here today. And I don't mean that to like, be like, Wow, hate, that's a strong word. No, yeah, you're probably not going to like much of what I'm gonna talk about, it's not going to resonate with you, it's gonna feel off a little bit, it's going to feel not quite crafted for you. And it's because it's not, it's not designed for you, if you don't fit into that category that I talked about, most of what I'm going to be sharing here today is going to be just like on Pluto, and you're over on Venus, okay, that's gonna be on Mars, and you're over here on planet Earth, like, it's gonna be like, so far and above beyond not relevant to you, if you do not fit into that category of person that you're looking to create 1020 $30,000 per month. And so I just want to maybe encourage you on this, okay. Um, don't waste your time here at all, if you don't fit into that category, because what I'm going to share with you probably won't work, because it's specifically designed for people that are in that category right there. Okay, it's for the rest of you that actually fall into that category. Thank you. Thanks for being here. I'm glad that you registered. Our ads work, obviously, because it got you here as far as that goes. And so but sometimes, you know, some people do slip through the cracks that are not, they don't fit into that they see an ad that says, oh, Facebook ads class, and they're like, Well, I do real estate. And I'm like, This is not about real estate. If you want to coach people on real estate, okay, maybe if you want to create a course on real estate in one of the probably toughest real estate markets on the planet right now with interest rates and everything like that. How many of y'all are like my gosh, what is going on with the world today? What is happening? And how many y'all realize that just sitting around waiting for everything to get better, is probably not the solution that you need to do something to increase your income to make more money. And maybe you have a message that can impact people and you realize, you know what, I got to stop sitting on this message and I got to actually reach people with it. If that is you, you are my kind of person. You're like the people that I work with every single week in my coaching program in the client growth accelerator program. And by the way, just to

[242:53] Speaker 0: just to ease some of you all's concern, a little bit, I'm going to take the glasses down for this, there's not going to be a sales pitch today, okay? I'm not here to sell you anything at the end of this, I'm going to show you what we're doing that works, that that produces results that you can use, even if you struggled, even if things haven't worked for you before, even if maybe you've joined a training like this around you, you know, I've been on these trainings, they're not that great, they don't give me a lot, I promise you this. Again, this can be unlike any other experience you've ever been a part of, on a free training like this. And that is what we are committed to. In my business, it's actually one of our core values is that we are to be above and beyond the single greatest online training company for coaches and mentors that want to use Facebook ads to reach their clients. And we do so by giving away for free, the very best content that we have to offer. Now, here's the here's the cool part. Our business is also very profitable. Because of that our business is making millions of dollars, we've made millions of dollars in this space for years. And so the reason why I'm giving this to you for free number one, yes, it makes me a ton of money. Okay, I'm not gonna lie, I rack in the dough by teaching this to you for free. How does that work? Well, some of you that are here today may eventually want to work with me as a client, okay, but here's the thing, you can't even work with me as a client right now. Because our enrollment to my coaching programs not even open, we have a waiting list that you can jump on. And when we do open the doors to that if you're on the waiting list, you will be the first to know we open it up just a few times per year to a select small elite group of people that are not excuse a holics that are not complainers that are not whiners that are not playing a victim and don't have a victim mentality and are willing to actually go out there and build the business. And some of y'all are watching this, you're like, gosh, Jeremiah, your energy is a little much. I don't know, if I'm gonna resonate with you very much. I'll tell you this. The reason why I have this big energy right now is because I am passionate about seeing lives changed and transformed. Coaches, course graders thought leaders impact the world, they change the world and they shape the world. Our world today is shaped and designed by people who have a message and are willing to take a risk, even if everybody hates them, even if they became labeled the black sheep, by the people that they're reaching. They are not concerned or fearful of what other people think about them, and they are willing to say the truth to impact people's lives. Are you a truth teller here today? Or are you just somebody who is concerned with what other people think about them? Are you concerned with making everybody happy? Listen, I was too. For years, I worried about making other people happy. And in fact, that made me a great employee, working for other people. As I was able to be a really good employee, I got massive raises bonuses all the time I was I was making multiple six figures as an employee doing marketing and Facebook ads for multiple companies. And I realized, you know what, this isn't fulfilling. I'm tired of working for somebody else's dream. I'm tired of filling seats, coaching programs, selling courses for other people. I want to do this for myself. And that's what got me into this business. That's what got me into doing what I'm doing here today. Of course, I do it because it is extremely profitable. It's extremely lucrative and creates a life that I could have only dreamed of 21 years ago. When I got started in this business 21 years ago. You know, I'm gonna be turning 36 this year 36 years ago, is when I was born. 21 years ago, I was 15 years old. And I actually met a lady and her husband. Their names were Danny and Hans Johnson. And some of y'all might know who they are, I was 15 years old. And I approached them, they had actually written some books. And Danny is right here, she appeared on television. And they taught people how to pay off debt, how to make more money, how to save money, how to strengthen their relationships, how to have how to have a hot, sexy marriage, things like Like, like, you know, that was their thing. That was their niche. And, and I was 15 years old, grew up in a pretty religious household, to where like, like, we don't talk about sex, and we don't cuss and we don't do anything like that. And, and we're very prim and proper and put together and, you know, gotta make sure to present a good facade of what the family looks like, and you know, don't hurt the family name or anything, like, how many of you all come from that background where perfection is second to godliness. Right. And, and, and, and doing everything perfect is sort of the normal mo of your family structure. That's what I grew up in. Were perfectionism. If we didn't do everything perfect, it was wrong. And it was sin. And we had to make sure that everything was done perfectly. I'll tell you this here today. I don't live that way. I do have my faith. Still. I believe in Jesus. I, you know, I go to church, i i but I'm not religious at all. I love God. I love people. I love God's creation. I love the universe. I love artificial intelligence. I love technology. And I love Facebook ads. And some of y'all are like, gosh, Facebook ads traumatized me Facebook ads victimized me, they deleted my account Zuckerberg that dirty, rotten. And I want to tell you here today, I understand what that's like, you know, losing hundreds of 1000s of dollars, running Facebook Ads campaigns, that didn't work, we've had success. And then we've also lost a lot of money as well. Now, we've made way more than we've lost ever. But we learned a lot of lessons along the way, is that it's hard to run Facebook ads. It's not easy. It is not like the easiest thing in the world. But it is the single most effective way to virtually guarantee that you can put your message in front of the right people that need it. It's the most effective strategy that you can use to scale a business without needing a bunch of staff without needing a bunch of people working for you to run things. And without needing a big budget. In fact, we're going to tell you some strategies that you can use to where you don't need a lot of money to be able to run your ads, to where you know, I'm going to write that down about how you don't need a lot of money. You don't need to have a huge budget to succeed. But I'm going to tell you this. A number one success is not guaranteed. It's hard.

[372:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: If anybody selling you on the lie, that Facebook ads are easy, that they're guaranteed to work for you. I'm sorry, but that's just simply not true.

[376:00] Speaker 0: What I'm going to be giving you here today is a process and a system that we have used to produce the best results to help clients that have had their ads account shut down. And to allow them like my client Georgia and to create over $200,000 a month in sales. Like my client, Joshua $150,000 a month in sales or like my client, Rick, over a million dollars a month in sales, as well as small accounts. Like my client, Angela, she was able to take just about three to $400 and generated over $10,000 in sales for her like my client, Kim. She was in the real estate industry. Remember I mentioned real estate, you know, and she was able to sell six figures worth of courses. During this down market in the last year. We have a client, his name is Dr. Shawn deep. And he was able to spend a small budget and generate over 12,000 in sales. We had a client named Judy, she was able to use these strategies and generate over $37,000 a month in her business. And listen, the list goes on. I can literally talk about all the client testimonials that we've have and the success and all of that and I don't say anything, any of these things to brag at all or, or that it's just that there's a lot of charlatans out there. There's a lot of really crappy people that are out there teaching Facebook ads strategies, and they just, they just read in the book, right? They they grabbed an Alex for mosey book, and now they're just regurgitating what they read in those pages. I'll tell you this. I've been running Facebook ads longer than Alex Hermoza has been in business If I don't listen, of course, I I don't claim to be at the level of business owner that Alex or Mozi is at. I mean 100 million dollar businesses. I've not built $100 million business. But I have built a business to over $20 million. And how did that work? Right? How did we do that? That was in the space of the online coaching and course space. When websites were really hard to sell, we actually created courses on how to use WordPress. And then when Facebook came out, we created courses on how to get the most engagement and become one of the top pages on social media. In fact, we helped build this page on Facebook the sandy Krakowski page to over let's let's see 1.2 million followers using Facebook ads. And and to this day, we actually still use Facebook ads to grow the sandy Krakowski brand you know I'm an I'm an admin on this page. Some of y'all are like wait, Sandy Gronkowski Your name's Jeremiah Krakowski. How does that work out? So Sandy for kowski is my mom. And my mom and I work together to build this business to over $20 million. So this is my mom right here today. And she's actually retired from doing business coaching or anything related to social media or ads or anything like that. What she teaches now is she actually teaches people how to identify the hottest stocks in the stock market, and particularly how to trade artificial intelligence stocks. And then she has a coaching program that is monthly that people can either join and they pay monthly $177 a month. It's a membership site that they're a part of. And she has 1000s of people in there that she coaches every single week on how to do this. She also has a VIP program, right here that it's specifically for an elite group of people, they don't need a huge stock portfolio, but they're willing to uplevel their life. And one of the testimonies that actually came out of this program is somebody was able to actually grow their portfolio to over $175,000. Using these strategies from from just starting out, they only had a few $1,000, they were able to actually use the strategies that my mom teaches with trading stocks to have a portfolio of over $175,000. And so this program, it's $2,000 a month or, you know, annual the annual fee, it's $12,000 a year to be a part of this VIP program with my mom, Sandy Krakowskie, right here to trade stocks. And so what is my role in all this today? Well, I actually build and run her Facebook ads for her as part of this. I also run my own Facebook ads for my own website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And this business is a multi million dollar coaching business. I actually started this in 2018, I was working with my mom, and we decided, hey, you know, I have a lot of skills and strategies as the CEO of her company that I could take and create my own brand. And I actually started from scratch to build my own business in 2018. And today, we are impacting 1000s of people with our free trainings, as well as with our coaching program, the client growth accelerator, my group coaching program that I was telling you about here today. Okay, so all that to say, I've seen a thing or two, I've experienced pretty much all of the pitfalls. I've worked with 1000s of coaches, trainers and mentors and how to get more clients with their business. And I'm going to give you what's working right now. Today. Today is January 27 2024. And we you know, I'm going to give you the blueprint that's working with our clients today that I'm actually teaching inside of my coaching group. How many of y'all want what I've only ever taught to this group in here about how to run Facebook ads here today? Okay, some of you are like, I don't know about that, Jeremiah, I'm just starting out. I'm brand new. I just need the foundations. I want to know how to create my first ad that's successful. I want to know how to create something that's gonna make the algorithm bring in the right clients. For me, I want to know what to avoid and how to scale things and I want to know how to be successful. I don't want any unrealistic expectations. I want the brass tacks of what works and I also want to know a do I need to spend a lot of money on ads or what about organic traffic? If that's you, if you're here and you want to get more clients in your coaching business, and you don't want overly technical details, you don't want unreal realistic expectations, you don't want something that is not going to work. And you want it to be ethical and you want to honor people's privacy. You want it to be legit, you want it to be real, you want it to be trustworthy. You want it to have integrity, if you are a person of integrity here today that wants to know not just how to reach clients, to sell, but to change and transform people's lives with your coaching and mentoring. You're here in the right place. Okay. And so here's what I'm going to tell you know, that's not common in this industry. In the coaching and mentoring and online course industry, integrity isn't common. And so as as a person, who, if there was one thing that I would pride myself in, you know, I fully believe pride comes before a fall. I think that that is a very biblical statement. And that arrogance is not something that should be strived for. However, for successful people, sometimes truth appears arrogant. And so I don't say this to brag or to sound arrogant, but as a person who operates with integrity, who operates with truth that has made a commitment and a value, that impact and transformation and producing results in our clients are the supreme goal of any activities that we do. And that we will make sure to bring the best training to people, even if they don't make an investment with us. Even if they don't spend money with us, that we're gonna bring the very best coaching the very best training to you. And, you know, some of y'all, you upgraded to the VIP here today, for today's training. And I'm going to tell you, you guys have the slight edge, you, you have the unfair advantage. Why is that because after this session here today, we're going to be teaching for about the next hour. And I'm going to be giving you the blueprint on how to create successful Facebook ads that get clients, even if your ads account has been shut down, even if the algorithm has not worked for you. And if you've lost a bunch of money before, even if you've never ran ads before. And even if you don't even have a single client in your coaching business, or you're not tech savvy at all, and computers scare you, it's totally fine. Because I have clients that literally that's what they told me when they came in. And they're making multiple, six figures. And so if that's you, and you want to create multiple six figures, running Facebook ads to get your clients I'm excited for today. I'm excited to share with you this process and this blueprint. But I have to tell you this, I have to challenge some of your thinking, I have to challenge the way that you might be thinking about running ads. Okay, how many of y'all have ever experienced things not working out how you want them to or how you expect them to go? It hurts, it's painful. It's actually one of the most painful things on the planet.

[530:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, when I was building my business with my mom, I had expected that she was going to make me part owner of her company. And I was going to own 30%. And we were going to scale that thing to $100 million. And I was going to become a millionaire. And then

[535:37] Speaker 0: a month later, she actually approached me and said, You know, I don't I don't think you should be working for my company anymore. And I think you should go start your own business. However, I need you to honor the non compete agreement that you signed. And you can't use any of the clout any of the success any of the clients that we've had to grow this if people approach you, that's fine, but you can't market to people for a year after being employed with me. And I need you to honor that agreement. And I'll tell you this, I honored that I honored the commitment. When I actually signed up to work with my mom, I committed to that if I ever go off on my own for one year, I will not compete with your business. I will not poach people I will not pull people away and anything and what's awesome is I believe that honor is important in business. Was I happy with that fact that I had to stick to that? No, of course not. I was kind of pissed off. In fact, I was kind of upset. I was kind of angry. I was like, gosh, how am I supposed to be successful? And I can't even market the thing that I've been successful with. And I was devastated. Because how I thought things would go weren't how they went. And it was hurt. And and I can tell you this to this day, you know, I honored that agreement and and my mom's full blessing and she's told me, you know, okay, you can literally mark it. You can sell you can do anything you can say whatever you want. You know as long as it's true, right? You can say anything about working with me and you can actually take ownership of the fact that we built this business together, because that's what you did. And she's told me Jeremiah, you built this business, the real change business with me. And, and, and actually got that sort of blessing from my mom building this business to over $20 million to take ownership of the fact that I built that, that it wasn't just something that she built, and I was employed by her but that we actually built it together to that level. And so that's what I'm coming to you here today. Again, like I said, I have an unconventional path. As to how I got here, I started as a video editor, I started creating these trainings for other people. But now here I am here today,

[572:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: promising to teach you how to become more famous than my mom, more famous than clients like Rick Pitino that I had worked with some of y'all know who Rick Pino is, we actually helped him build this worship coach brand to over a million dollars a month with many famous names and, and worship leaders that would mentor people on how to write music in this, again, another monthly membership program. And by the way, that's a model that we recommend for a lot of our clients is a monthly membership coaching model. It's one of the coolest things because it allows you to create residual income that allows you to create where you have consistent income coming in, where you could take a month off, like I plan on doing in April, we're going on a cruise, and I'm taking the whole month of April off, and I'm still gonna have seven figures coming into my business. without me having to do any work. It's awesome. It's incredible. It's one of the coolest things about this business. But that if you can commit to learning some things, if you can commit to challenging some of your thinking.

[590:08] Speaker 0: The coaching and online course business can provide you in particularly building a membership around it where people get access to courses, they get access to coaching with you, they get access to training, they get access to the support the accountability, they get access to work with you to solve any problem they have. And you can do this without having to work more than five to 10 hours a week. How many, you all want to be able to make six and seven figures only work in five to 10 hours a week. And using Facebook ads to find your clients instead of having to grind in the direct messages instead of having to spam people instead of having to lower yourself down to unethical sales practices that are slimy, that are manipulative, that are not healthy. So that you can actually deliver with integrity, the message that you have inside of you that you know, has to reach people. If that's you, I'm going to show you how to do that here. Today, I'm going to show you how to do that, by the end of today's lesson, you're going to have a blueprint on how to reach that. Okay. And so for many of you that the idea of running Facebook ads can be really daunting, what if you lose money? Let's approach that let's let's explore that. What if you lose money? Well, that would be devastating. That would suck. That would be painful. That would hurt. You might not want to run ads again. And some of y'all are like, I haven't ran ads, again, because I lost so much money. Or maybe you spent all this time getting your campaign up and nobody bought from you. You know, maybe you didn't lose a lot of money, but you didn't get any sales either. And things didn't go how you wanted them to? Well, that sucks. Why did I put all that investment and time into for it to just produce nothing? Right? How long have y'all been there? Or maybe you've gotten into the ads manager and it's just like Greek to you, you're overwhelmed by all the different buttons and things that you have to pull in the different levers and stuff like that. And you wish that it was just simply

[624:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: how many y'all wish that you didn't need a computer science degree, to be able to understand the Facebook Ads Manager, I'm gonna tell you this, you don't need one. But if you log in to the ads manager, and you'll take a look at it, it might convince you that you do need one in order to run an order to run ads. And so like for instance, this is my ads manager right here. And you can see here in the month of January, we have spent $7,333 in ads in the last year.

[633:31] Speaker 0: In this in this Ads Manager account alone my own ads manager account in the last year. We've spent right around well that doesn't include ad sets that I deleted though. Yeah, we spent $74,000 in ads in our business and it's generated seven figures. Okay. And so we get we get a return on our ads of well over 10 to 15 times Our ad spend on a regular, consistent basis. And one of the things that I do is that I've learned how to not make this be an expense. How many y'all are like I don't have $75,000 to run ads with.

[644:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, a year ago I spent? Yep. $8,000 running ads in February. I spent $800. Because actually took February off my, my son was born in March, we spent about 6000. And ads. In April. We spend another 8000. In May, we spent 3000. I went real conservative in May, right there, kind of pulled back a little bit. In June, we spent 4000. In July, we spent 4000. In August, we spent 5000. And you can see we kind of pulled back our ad spend. And then in September we spent 7000 again and October, we spent 4000 in November. In November was a big month. Yeah, we spent 7800. In December, we spent 6000. And then so far in January right now, we spent right around 7300. So you can see kind of my own ad spend my own ads budget and how I run ads and what our campaigns are. And maybe you might notice, you know, you have these different lines here. These are different campaigns. So these are different offers that we've ran like two weeks ago, I just ran an offer. This is me and my swimming pool right here. At my house.

[668:36] Speaker 1: economy's crazy. They're saying that you have to make six figures, people to buy a house, a house like this one goes for about $700 million in Austin, Texas where I live. And so if you want to know how I was able to buy this house, and how I've been helping mentors and trainers create millions of dollars online with digital courses for last 20 years. This Saturday, I'm hosting a free Lijun home, I'm gonna walk you through step by step, how to start your own six figure digital course business with the right way to do is that produces results. Those really cool required. I cannot wait to see you there. I'll help you start to finish with everything that you need to get started and get results. We'll see.

[679:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So obviously, like many y'all don't have a swimming pool to swim, and I'll tell you this, that that was one of our best performing ads, because it demonstrated a lot of the value. But you know, one of my other best performing ads was this one where I'm playing with my son.

[684:32] Speaker 0: This one was an ad that I ran with my little boy Halston. Listen, if you want to start this new year off, settling, Halston tearing down flog you, but you want to create your own online course or coaching program, Saturday, January 13. I'm going to walk you through the whole process of doing so we're going to show you how to do that. So click the link register now. And that was a couple of weeks ago, we ran that and that's how we get clients. That's how we get clients in my business, is we run ads. And you know, like Mark Zuckerberg said, Senator, we run ads.

[696:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if y'all remember that back in back in 2018. Mark Zuckerberg, the the CEO of Facebook had to appear before Congress, because they had a problem with you know, why did why did he have to go? Let me get this right before Congress in 2018. Let's see what AI says this is Google's AI it's gonna tell us Zuckerberg appeared before Congress because of a data breach with Cambridge Analytica, they were using psychological voter profiles during the 2016 election. And so Congress had had an issue with the fact that and this is what in America, you know, that the that Facebook was used for that Russian disinformation, data privacy, and whether you agree with any of that or not, I think that that actually happened. What ended up happening is when Zuckerberg went before Congress, they they actually changed the entire ads manager and they made it stop working. And so we actually had a way of running ads that we did over six years ago that no longer worked seven years ago that no longer worked and the entire algorithm changed. So what they did was they shifted their model in an effort to a I don't know what happened behind the scenes, I think that they, again, I'm speculating, but that I think Zuckerberg was told that he had to comply with this. And however the government makes people do what they need to do, he didn't want to lose his 130 $6 billion net worth. And so you know, he, he literally changed the algorithm entirely. And made it to where it was nearly impossible to actually run ads the way that we used to. And, and then something crazy happened, how many y'all remember in 2020, something happened, what happened in 2020? Well, 2020 was heavily defined by the COVID 19 pandemic. And the entire world turned upside down. And the largest economic recession since the Great Depression happened the stock market in 2019, to 2021, the stock market took a huge nosedive right here. And it was actually a worse drop than it happened in the stock market in 2009. When when the when the crash had happened, it was actually worse than this, it was actually a lot worse, of a drop than it happened in 2009. And it happened all at once was the world was shut down. But here's the crazy part. If people got into stocks around this time, and they invested, they made a lot of money. And there's a lot of returns on this and, and whether you agree with the fact that maybe, you know, billionaires benefited from this more than others, and it was it was planned or whatever you think, listen, people died, there was a lot of people that died around the world. And I'm not here to debate anything about COVID. Right now, you know, whether you got the vaccine or didn't, that's not my you know, I, I didn't but as far as that goes, like, that's not up for debate here that's not relevant to what we're talking about here today. And I'll tell you this, is that if you are a coach, trainer or mentor, you're going to have to get used to people disagreeing with you people making nasty comments on your Facebook ads, people joining trainings with you, and having a problem with how you do things and how you show up. And one of the number one ways to actually make your ads work is you have to learn the art

[765:37] Speaker 0: because it is an art form. And it is very defined by the tightrope that we're walking, there's a tightrope have a fine line that we're walking, we're treading carefully this tightrope of managing our reputation on one side, right? Managing our reputation, um, you know, not being childish you know, not not doing things that is going to get people to not trust or like us, right? Because in business, your reputations, pretty much all you have. And yet, there is an art that I call the art of repelling

[783:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: the wrong prospect. And this isn't about anybody's identity. I think everybody is a special snowflake, unique on God's green earth, yada yada yada, but there are people who are more likely to buy your course or coaching program. And there are people who are less likely. And there's a spectrum that this goes on, and that spectrum goes from left to right, if we take a look at a spectrum, you know, spectrum of most likely to least likely, if we take a look at this, this spectrum right here, that could literally be you know, from one side of the spectrum to the other. And let's say that like purple is somebody who is actually going to become a client of yours red is somebody who is like, the hate your guts, right? And some of y'all are like, Wait, why would anybody hate my guts? If I'm doing everything with integrity?

[799:45] Speaker 0: Here's the thing. You can literally do everything with integrity, and do everything perfect and beautifully, and impact people on a incredible level change people's lives. And yet, there will still be people

[804:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: who completely hate your guts, that are rude, that are negative, that are gonna say things about you, they're gonna demonize you, they're gonna condemn you, and they're gonna come after you verbally, when you run Facebook ads. Some of y'all are

[809:33] Speaker 0: a bit concerned about what I'm talking about right now. And it doesn't feel right. And it doesn't feel very peaceful to you. And it doesn't feel like something that you want to experience, I'll tell you this.

[813:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's it's part of this business, if you want to be successful in the online coaching and mentoring space, and you want to run Facebook ads, you're going to have people that are going to be negative, and they're going to hurl negativity at you. And they're going to assume the worst, and they're going to misunderstand you. And so if you're somebody who's on this list right here today, you have to realize that in order to get more course sales, and coaching clients and more members into your membership, you're going to have at least 5% of the people that you're reaching, are not going to be a good fit for what you offer. Okay.

[823:43] Speaker 0: So what we want to do is we really want to repel these people, and we want to repel the people that are negative, that are rude, that are a waste of your time. Again, listen, they might be incredible people, they might have a lot of skill sets. Hear me out, okay, I'm gonna bring glasses out, they might be somebody who needs what you offer. They might massively benefit from what you offer. And yet, they are so stuck in their ways and stubborn that nothing you say is going to please them. Nothing you say is going to connect with them. And they're not going to do anything with what you teach. They're not going to take action. You don't need people that are rich, you need people that are resourceful. Understand the difference, okay? Because we teach a method on how you can use low ticket and free offers. You don't need to reach high ticket rich people to make millions of dollars or even six figures.

[842:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: You need to find people who are resourceful. What does resourceful mean? That they will find the time to listen to you, they will find the time to make the time to spend the time with you.

[846:40] Speaker 0: You know, we had over 500 people register for today's session, there are not 500 people on here live. There's not even 100 people on here today. So that means that there are literally over 400 people who registered for today's training. Now about 200 of those people will probably watch the recording between now and tomorrow. And the recording, it's gonna be taken down in 24 hours. And so today's session is not going to be online for anybody to watch. After 24 hours. Why do I do that? Because it gets people to actually watch the content, it gets them to make the time to show up and listen to me. And so what you have to learn is the art of repelling the wrong prospect. And how do we define the wrong prospect by two key things? The wrong prospect has two things in common. And and listen, you may not know who they are here today, you might be like how am I going to know what the wrong prospect is. I don't even have any prospects. I don't even have any sales. I just wish somebody would give me attention. I just wish somebody would look at me and I just wish that somebody would see the value that I have to offer. And I have so much to give. I'm a catch. How many of y'all that sounds like dating a little bit. That sounds like courting or meeting a spouse. How many y'all are single and you feel that way in your dating life as well.

[874:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Understand that it actually is the same root of the same issue of not being able to see your value and expecting other people to be responsible to recognize you. For you to be successful with your ads. You need to recognize your own value and then you need to learn how to present To yourself in a way that is enticing. To the right prospect, and what does the right prospect have in common with each other? The right prospect has two things in common in every single coaches and online course creators business. Just two things.

[888:10] Speaker 0: Right. And there's a defining line between when right and wrong. Okay? This is not black or white thinking here either. This is factually and evidence based by this. It's a matrix of number one and number two, and they're related to the same thing. They're related to the impact that you're going to have on somebody and the income that you're going to make. And so let me explain to you the difference between the right and wrong prospect as it relates to your impact and income. This needs to be so good that it has people salary, salivating, and longing and desiring what it is that you sell.

[907:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: If we look up the word enticing. What is the word enticing mean? Well, it's you know, if I actually pull up Google Images, it's a little that's funny. The word enticing does pull up a bit of like a lustful, seductive, even kind of like a like a sexual image right here. But there, but there is some truth to that the idea of seduction, the idea of a seductive offer.

[914:56] Speaker 0: That's funny, and enticing offer. Sorry. For some of you all, you're like, Oh, my God, I can't follow Jeremiah, he just pulled up a naughty book. And some of you are like, those are my kind of books that I like to read. Here's the thing. Okay, your offer, let's pull this away from here. Your offer needs to be enticing and seductive to the right prospect as it relates to this and there's a right and a wrong way to do this. You need to be enticing. And get people excited about what it is that you have to offer if you're dating as well. And you need to see it in yourself before another person can see it says nothing to do with how you look on the external. This has nothing to do with that it has everything to do with how does it make somebody feel? Okay. And so the right prospect has these things in common. The right prospect is going to get a result. With your coaching and online course. The right prospect is going to spend not just once, not just twice, but multiple times, again and again and again with you. And so what we do is we look for to create an offer that is enticing to the right prospect, that's going to get them a result and that's going to produce the highest level monetary result for you. Personally, what defines the wrong prospect? This is somebody who is a complainer. This is somebody who becomes disappointed in what you do. And I made a lot of coaches and mentors, they say I don't want to disappoint anybody can I tell you this? You can't control that. If I have people that are here today that want to know how to run real estate ads, they will be sadly disappointed by everything I'm talking about here today. Because this will not help them. And I have no concern over the fact that there might be some of you right now you are very disappointed in the in today's session. You know you've you thought you were gonna get something better out of this. You're not happy with how the last hour has gone. You're grumpy you're angry and you're frustrated. You're irritated and annoyed by the fact of what I promised to you and how blessed God Jeremiah hasn't done what he promised. These just like all those other ones that are out there by see if that's you, if I'm if you're pissed off at me right now, if you don't like me right now, if you kind of irritated with me right now, please leave the Zoom call. do us all a favor, okay? And I don't mean that to sound arrogant at all to anybody I know. But I've been doing this long enough to know what works and what doesn't. And the truth is you're going to irritate some people with your offer, you are going to offend, you are going to upset you are going to have complaints. You know, one of the biggest complaints that people have about me is that Jeremiah talks way too much.

[973:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And he's just got way too much excitement and he plays too many video games. Those are pretty much the three things that people say about me they have a problem with the fact that like, I literally just love video games more than there are very few things that I love more than video games. I'm serious. Maybe the Kansas City Chiefs, right? Let's hope they can pull it off here tomorrow.

[980:29] Speaker 0: But like, I got retro video games at my desk here while I'm working building a multimillion dollar business. And I know that that annoys and irritate some people. Why can't Jeremiah just be professional? Why can't he just give me the stuff I need? Why doesn't Jeremiah do what he should. And I have people that I meet all the time and telling me that they're upset that I'm not doing what I should quote unquote, Gordon to the version that they think that I should be, you will have people that are disappointed in you, no matter how good your coaching is, no matter how good your mentoring is, they will dislike your guts. Like big time, okay. But at the same time, I promise you, here's the thing. My clients that get results, oh, they love me. They think I'm incredible. They don't think I walk on water because I don't claim to. But they think that I'm amazing. Because of the results that my coaching has gotten them and they are willing to make any investment into getting that result. You want to know what the people who are the wrong client are when it comes to income. They won't spend a dime with you. They have no desire to solve their problem. They want to complain about how expensive you are. And they want to talk about how they just literally can't stand the fact that you charge so much. All or more subtly. I just don't have the income. I'll buy it next week when I have some more money. I'll do it sometime. You know, let me let me try this out for the next six months and see if it works for me. I have people that say that all the time to me. And I'm just like, I'm just like, I laugh because I never hear from them. Again. They are making excuses. They are addicted to their excuses. They are addicted to playing the victim. They are addicted to not getting results. And they are literally incapable of being able to do anything different. But whine bitch and moan and complain. That's it.

[1014:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And some of y'all are offended by that, especially those of you that are therapists, because you're like, Yeah, but what if they've been traumatized? What if they've been hurt? What if they have trauma that they're dealing with? Totally. They should talk to you. They should go work with you as a therapist. Absolutely. Your message is important for the right people. But we all know there are people who also go through therapy that blame their therapist for their problems. Okay, so understand, no matter how much good you do, no matter how much compassion you have, maybe you're somebody that teaches caregivers, how to be a better caregiver, and you're like, gosh, Jeremiah, like this is so against everything that I talked about. Most of the people I work with have no money. Maybe you're in a ministry setting, people have no money, maybe they're low income, maybe you want to pull people up and raise them up to a higher level. Listen, I understand, okay. But that's what I said. You're not looking for rich people. You're looking for people that are resourceful.

[1031:41] Speaker 0: They are resourceful. They are willing to figure out how to work with you closer. And so your goal is to repel all of these people I want I want these people as far away from me as possible. There are people today who came into today's training and they are going to because we have over 500 people that registered for this. We get at least 10 people that send me a 20 paragraph email about why today's session was the worst thing they've ever seen on the internet, and how they need to hold me accountable to make sure to not ever do that again. And they will give me their tenants and their points, and even quote their certifications as to why I am a disgrace to the entire coaching and online course industry. No, I don't know what I do with that. I flushed those opinions down the toilet, and I ignore them. And I don't give a second thought, I don't worry about it. Because what I'm focused on is this, I'm not focused on that group of people, I want them as far gone for me as possible. And I am not concerned with managing my reputation about what any of those people think about me, my goal is to connect with these people over here.

[1051:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And these are the people that exist on the Facebook algorithm. These are the people that you can when you learn how to run ads the right way, how to create an ad the right way, are able to get results. They're able to become the dream clients, the testimonies that work with you. They will spend a ton of money with you over here. Okay, and so what is the process, some of y'all have been struggling to get clients, you know, you have a message, you want to use Facebook ads, but you're overwhelmed. And now you have a lot, some of y'all are, quite frankly, scared and terrified by what I just said, You're terrified, either of me, sorry, not really.

[1063:35] Speaker 0: Or you're terrified of the fact that the algorithm is going to come to get you and it's like the boogeyman girl that's gonna bite you or something like that. And then you're gonna have a runaway credit card bill, and you're gonna lose all this money, and people are gonna hate you and your reputation is gonna be destroyed and all that. Listen that, like, I understand that. And I would encourage you to work through that emotional trauma, maybe that I've just stirred up a little bit with a therapist. Okay. Literally, like if you're feeling very scared right now, but what I'm talking about, that might be something that you're emotionally dysregulated by, and it might be good to look into. Why is that? What am I trying to avoid? What am I afraid of? What Why do I need this to work out so much? Why do I need it to work out in the next year? Why do I need to get results in the next 30 days? Right? See, one of the biggest problems and reasons why people are not successful with their ads is they're impatient, they need results right away. They're not willing to actually follow a process that works, they're not willing to go through the process that produces the best results, they're looking for a hack or a quick fix, or a way to solve their problems without doing any work whatsoever. And it's this lottery ticket fantasy mindset that I gotta tell you, if that's you don't run ads, because it's not a lottery ticket. And it is risky. And you can lose money, and they might not work out how you want them to. Okay.

[1087:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you're willing to go through this process, and to figure out how can I reach the people that I can create a result for? And how do I target those people that are going to buy from me the right way? And so here's what I'm going to teach you is I'm going to teach you that process of how do we reach those people? Okay.

[1092:57] Speaker 0: Some of you all have had your ads account shut down, I'll tell you this, simply, Facebook has changed quite a bit. If you haven't run ads, in a few years, I would try to create maybe a new account and try to run some ads, instead of trying to get your old one back, maybe create a new one, maybe have a friend create an account, and they can give you admin access. And then you can put your credit card on there something like that, or we have even people that we work with that can work with us part of my coaching program that can help you get your ads account up and running. Okay. And some of you are like I tried all that before it didn't work. I'm telling you this, there is a solution. You know, we have a course, that's actually a part of my coaching program in the client growth accelerator called forbidden advertising.

[1106:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the course forbidden advertising is all about how when Facebook has stopped you from being able to run ads, what can you do I show you how to create what's called a bridge offer, how to reposition your business if you need to, if your ads account gets shut down what to do, how to get clarity on what you can't advertise. So this is this is a four hour course that's in my members area that I created, specifically to show people how to get results in their business. Here's what I'm gonna tell you there's always a solution. You are not a victim. Even if you feel victimized by the algorithm. Even if things seem hard today, they don't always have to be that way. The way that things are today is not how they have to be. You need to address this thinking and realize that you need that having a growth mindset is so important to being able to reach clients with your coaching or mentoring and I meet a lot of people that don't have a growth mindset when it comes to getting clients. They think that how things have always been as how they're always going to be things changed the algorithm changes. And that might be why you're here as you might have had a struggle reaching clients because the algorithm changed and it's not the same as it used to be. So here's the cool part about that, is that a new department of Facebook has just opened up and it's called meta AI. And so as you know, meta Facebook renamed their company to meta and if you go to meta.com, you can find more about the company meta and what they have to offer. Meta has a virtual reality right here they have a VR headset they have experiences they have apps and games and productivity and meta as a company also runs the products of Facebook, as well as Instagram.

[1140:34] Speaker 0: Okay, products that Mehta runs, let's take a look at these threads, facebook, whatsapp, meta, you know, what are the meta products, they have shops, they have the meta platforms for like quest and VR and all that they have meta Ray Bans, these AI powered glasses now that you can actually talk to and actually know the environment. And you can stream from these these these incredible technologies that Mehta is actually putting together that they're creating, that they're launching that they're reaching and impacting people with. And again, you might be like, oh, gosh, I am not tech savvy, I cannot do that. You don't have to be okay. But you have to learn how to get the algorithm to actually show your ads in front of the people that are going to get a result and who are going to buy from you. And so the way that you do that is this. Remember, I talked about Zuckerberg appearing before Congress, and then COVID-19 happened? Well, back when COVID happened. Apple released what was called iOS 14. And if we look up iOS 14 and Facebook ads, you can see it became this big issue where iOS 14 was launched, and Facebook could no longer run ads. That's why we see the sad face right here, because it stopped tracking people across all these platforms. And this is right around the time, where most people's ads stopped working was within a year after this. And so something amazing happened is as shortly after that meta launched their AI department and meta AI is is. Now what runs Facebook ads. You know, the Facebook ads platform has always been driven by artificial intelligence. And maybe you're somebody who you're just like, gosh, like I'm not here for AI, it's going to take our jobs away and all that and listen.

[1177:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: You've been using AI for years. Did you know that YouTube uses AI? Did you know that Netflix uses AI to figure out who to show your TV shows to does you know that.

[1180:29] Speaker 0: In fact, almost most of society has been using some form of artificial intelligence for close to over 15 years. But they lost a dedicated department for AI to figure out how to make up for the changes that had happened after Congress and after iOS 14. And so what they did was they created a new way of running Facebook ads that uses artificial intelligence to decide who to show your ad to. Okay. And the model basically, this model is fine tuned to be able to figure out who to target your ads towards. And so their ads manager is using this API to decide who to show the ads to and there's one thing and one thing only more than your targeting that matters now. In fact, we don't use a lot of the traditional targeting that we used to use with our Facebook ads. Some of y'all might remember back when you use targeting. Now what we use is we use what are called

[1199:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: a i o audiences, okay. And so an AI audience is a group of people that the algorithm has figured out are more likely than other people to purchase from you. And they're more likely than other people to get a result with your coaching. Okay? How does it know this? Well, there was actually a movie in a TV show called the social dilemma, it was on Netflix. And it actually came out right around 2020. And, and the gist of it was about how AI is basically the algorithm is manipulating certain users. And it's showing them content based on what keeps them on the longest. And they're selling attention to the highest bidder. And I'll tell you this, nothing changed. Since the social dilemma came out. The algorithms have actually gotten better at knowing more about you, as a user of these platforms, and the AI has gotten scary accurate to where it can literally predict with laser sharp accuracy, who is most likely to get a result with your coaching? And who is most likely to purchase from you? And so what we do is we we create something called an AI marketing strategy. And this is not as technical as it seems. It's actually very easy to do, we use a tool called Chat GPT to be able to do that. So how many of y'all have heard of chat? GPT? Right. GPT came out from the open AI company. And what it does is it can actually write Facebook ads, you know, write me a Facebook ad to promote

[1233:00] Speaker 0: a real estate coaching business that shows people how to flip houses in a down market.

[1236:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's a Facebook ad, promoting real estate coaching businesses unlock the secrets to flipping houses in a down market, transform challenges into opportunities with your business. Are you unsure how to thrive in a down market? Okay, and actually, let's stop it. Let's say, can you rewrite this ad for a beginner who wants to learn how to flip houses but doesn't have a lot of money and wants to use other people's money?

[1244:06] Speaker 0: Right? Here's a revised version of the ad tailored for beginners with minimal investment. And so what it is, is chat GPT actually allows you to write Facebook ads that laser in on who the target customer is. So here's where meta AI comes into play is the algorithm now.

[1249:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: They have an AI over at meta AI that reads the text, it actually reads it, it visits your landing page, it looks at the texts that you have the words that you have that are written on your website. It looks at the words that you have written on your pages and it's actually way simpler than you think. Because we use AI to be able to do this okay.

[1257:54] Speaker 0: So like for instance, write me a headline for a free webinar

[1259:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: to teach people the above. Unlock the secrets of flipping houses with zero money down free webinar reveals how to build wealth using other people's money. Okay. Act as if you are a sales and marketing copywriting expert, and evaluate that headline for how to improve it. By the way, this is a great secret on how to make chat JpT work better. A lot of the secrets of flipping houses with zero down free webinar reveals how to build wealth, clarity and conciseness benefit driven language incorporating emotional triggers specificity be very specific. Flip your first house with $0 exclusive webinar unveils wealth building secrets with other people's money. So literally the AI is able to get better at doing this. As far as this goes. Now act as if you are a Facebook ads expert and generate a strategy for writing copy for Facebook ads that convert the best with paid ads on Facebook, right? A little redundant there as an expert crafting strategy. And so what you're doing is you tell the AI to act as if it's an expert In this industry or niche, so what it is, is it tells you you want to know your audience, you want to identify their pain points, you want to speak their language. And so can you brainstorm or come up with ideas based on the above nearshore offer of flipping houses that answers these questions and then create four unique Facebook ads based on this strategy. So literally, it's generating the strategy. And by the way, this is how you use the AI really well as you want it to generate the strategy and then you're going to have it use that strategy to actually write it. Right, right. That's, and some of y'all can use these prompts right here, to be able to do this till the brainstorm exactly who to target, how to reach them. And it's an AI driven marketing strategy is how we do this. By the way, you don't need Testimonies for this to work. Turn your real estate dreams into reality, No cash, no problem. Learn how to flip your first house, using other people's money and kickstart your journey to financial freedom blueprint to your first profitable flip. Discover the step by step method for flipping houses with zero down, download our exclusive guide. The Zero to Hero Z house flipping strategy meet Kim, who flipped her first house and profited 50k, using other people's money. Ready to write your own success story, join our next webinar. As you can see, that copy is going to be more enticing, more seductive, more appealing to it's going to get people more excited. It's more emotionally driven. Around what is going to get people to get results. Can you add more into the pain points around this and write a sales letter to market this to get people to sign up for a free webinar based on this? Okay, let's dive deeper into the pain points lack of startup capital, fear of financial risk overwhelmed with the process time constraints? Have you been dreaming of flipping houses? Do you find yourself scrolling success stories wondering if it's possible for you with limited funds and experience? Real estate investing is a journey filled with potential like many before you the initial steps seem the hardest concerns about startup capital and complexity and things like that. Okay. So now act as if you are a sales copywriting expert and evaluate the evaluate the above and suggest improvements. Okay. So what we do is we have a take on agency to be able to do that and it becomes this role of an expert that can do this and figure out how to make this really well out a short story or testimony of somebody who has dealt with a similar issue. Most of all, we want to demonstrate that we understand and feel the pain of the prospect in the sales copy. Please use the suggestions above and rewrite the sales letter again. Okay. Your Have you ever felt stuck at a crossroads? Are your financial dreams watching an opportunity pass you by because you didn't have an upfront investment? Many share this vision. You don't need a fortune to begin, you need the right strategy, our free webinars not a cookie cutter session, it's a lifeline thrown for those treading uncertainty. Okay, and then what I would do is I would write this, can you write a new sales letter in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone that talks about the problem they are dealing with shares and empathy building story like I have I dealt with this too, or I have helped clients who have dealt with this to be creative. Use your best

[1347:22] Speaker 0: judgment and write it in the tone of the prospective client themselves, analyze how they would talk and communicate and use the words they would use themselves to describe the problem. Then lead them to diesel specific dream or solution or outcome that they desire as the call to action to join the webinar. Okay, so right there, you can see this and if you pause the recording of this if you grab the VIP, that's a prompt that you can use as well ever looked at the glossy world of house flipping and thought that's just not in the cards for me. I've been there staring at my screen watching one of those shows, where they turn a shack into a palace in less than 30 minutes. They thing. Sure, but what about the rest of us? I mean, where's the show for the guy who got who's got more passion than dollars, or the gal who's juggling a nine to five dreaming of a way out but can't find the front door? Let me tell you, I've walked a mile in those shoes, and I felt the pinch of every step. I wanted in on the real estate, gold rush on my bank account had other ideas. And that dream started to feel like a fantasy. But here's the kicker, I cracked the code. And it wasn't a windfall or a secret inheritance I discovered that I discovered I was out. Nope, I did it using other people's money. Sounds wild, but it's legit. And it's a game changer. I started helping friends and friends are friends. And before you knew it, I was showing people how to flip their first property without putting their life savings on the line. Turns out the only thing better is watching somebody's face light up when they realize they can do it, too. So what's the deal? How do you get there? I'm going to show you how to in the flip house is like a boss training.

[1375:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many y'all want to sign up for this training? Right? Exactly. That's the emotion that draws you in that gets you excited that talks about this. You can even use another one. Can you amplify the emotion even stronger on this? This is good, but we really want to hook people in on what is going to be irresistible to them to sign up for this training. We want it to be very enticing to the target client. Almost like it was the thing they have most prayed and hoped for in their entire life.

[1386:42] Speaker 0: Could this be the Hail Mary You're praying for? Yes, I'm talking to you sitting out there with a mix of skepticism in your eyes scrolling through animal success stories wondering you look at flashy before and afters here rags to riches stories and think why not me? And it hits you with a ton of bricks. Oh, wow, I have no cash, no experience and no fairy godmother to wave a magic wand to make it all happen. I get it. That was me not long ago, I was exactly where you are. This is this is awesome. A bulletproof plan on how to find and find your own property insider secrets that make pros tremble, the community of fellow dreamers and doers that are ready to cheer you on. So that's how we use AI to do that. Now here's the cool part about it. How What does any of this have to do with Facebook ads, convert the above into four versions of PHAs copy in the tone of the target client themselves in the words they would use and say then convert all of these into four unique individual pieces of Facebook ads copy. So what we do is we take our concept or idea and we turn it into really good Facebook ads. Okay.

[1408:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jeremy flipping within cash strapped felt like as a real estate game game was only for those with big wallets. I've been there stuck on the sidelines, wishing there was a way in, guess what I found a loophole, flipping houses with other people's money. Talking about loopholes talk about things like that. I used to watch this flipping shows thinking that's not for folks like us. I was wrong. I cracked the code. This is awesome. So what you would do is you would literally then your real estate dreams on a ramen budget thinking of flipping houses? Do you have a shoestring budget and you notice, this would reach somebody who doesn't have a lot of money, but they might be resourceful, they might find the time to listen to a training and try out your method. And then that's what you're going to do is you're going to use the AI

[1419:38] Speaker 0: to find those people right here, okay. And so what you have to do is it's not about targeting in the ads manager anymore. It's about learning how to use the API to show the ads to the right people at the right time. Okay, and we're gonna go maybe a little bit over our session here at the end here. So some of y'all might be watching this, you might be saying, Okay, this sounds great. But like, there's a lot involved and how do you put all this together? How do you make this work? This seems way too technical. Again, I'm like those real estate people. I don't have a fairy godmother. I don't have a millionaire, Mom, I don't have millions of dollars in my own business. How do I make this work for me? And how do I know that it's going to work so I don't lose time. So I don't waste time so that I can actually reach the people that I know that are going to work with me. So what you need is one thing very specifically is you need to develop what's called an offer. And so what we use is not only that we create an AI driven marketing strategy, we create an AI developed

[1438:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: offer. Okay, so what it is, is this offer is strategically designed to tap into Facebook's artificial intelligence, the meta AI algorithm. So okay, bird's eye view here, let me just explain this to you. Okay. Let's actually see a chat, GBT can make this for us, make me an image of an AI that is like a seeker bot that finds the exact people who will buy a product and presents it to them at the right time, when they are looking for it, and only actually goes to the right people who are buyers.

[1450:39] Speaker 0: So look, chap, GPT is going to create me an image of what this is basically, this is what the Facebook Ads Manager is. It's an AI that finds the right people that are looking to buy what you're selling, that are looking to buy your product and your service when you know how to tap into it. And basically, pull a few of the right levers to get it to do what you want it to do. The problem is most people don't know how to do that. And that's why they lose money. Most people are going about this the wrong way, because they don't have me in their corner, working with them to develop the AI marketing strategy and the AI offer look at now, of course that looks dystopian, that looks, you know, kind of creepy kind of crazy kind of like a little bit like the Terminator. But that is exactly how the Ads Manager works. Right there is it's literally seeking out exactly who is in the right proximity to present them with the very best product offer at the right moment in time. And here's the cool part is meta has done all the work for you. That's the amazing part about it. And you don't have to know how to do all this crazy stuff in the ads manager anymore. All you do is you figure out how to how to use the AI audiences. Okay, so you figure out how to tap into the AI audiences. And the best way to do that is to use AI to develop the marketing strategy and the offer to reach people. And so that is actually even if you're just starting out, even if you're brand new, even if maybe this is your first time running a Facebook ad, you've never reached anybody, anybody before. This is where you want to start with your business. Okay, one of the biggest mistakes that I see people make is they spend a lot of time creating their course, creating their content, creating their lesson plan. And they're not reaching the people that they can actually reach. And they don't do what I call an alpha release approach to putting an offer out there that's going to connect with these people. Right away. They're worried about disappointing people, they're worried about how do I look? How do I sound and all of that. And so what I actually have is, I have a solution that I put together, it's completely free. That's going to help you know how to do this, how many of you want to know how to like you want me to walk you through and actually work with you and give you the business plan on how to create an AI developed offer. And you want me to give you the entire blueprint for your coaching business, and how to create the AI strategy. And you want me to walk you through how to tap into these AI audiences with your ads. Okay, this is what I teach my highest level clients is how we do that. I just showed you a little bit of it here. In chat GPT, we use chat GPT to come up with some of the words. But there's more to that. There's the funnel building, there's growing your email list, there's developing out what are you going to teach people there's creating? What's the pricing? How much do you charge for it? How do you strategically design the price so that it gets people to buy? How do you show the ad at the right time? What emails do you send to people and all of that strategically showing up at the right time in front of people that are most likely to become a customer. And then what you do is you just you just put that into the AI audiences in the Facebook Ads Manager. And that's going to bring the clients to you for your coaching business. So how many of you would like me to show you how to do that? Well, we've reached the top of the hour here today, as far as our time here goes, okay. And every time I do these, I try to cover everything. That's why I have the VIP session. Because number one, I guarantee you have a bunch of questions. And what I want to do is I want to take what we've talked about, we're going to continue it in the VIP to answer your questions. But here's what I want to say for those y'all don't leave just yet. Okay. Is if you want to if you want me to walk you through how to do that. Starting on Monday next week, I'm actually hosting a another free live event. It's five days long. It's a five day online intensive from Monday, January 29, through Friday, February 2, called the start and grow your course, or coaching business to six figures, five day intensive. And and what it is, is it's specifically designed all about creating a world class online course, or group coaching offer that you can be proud of and excited to promote to the world. So that's the AI developed offer and the marketing strategy to reach people with the AI audiences. So we're going to break down for you the art of crafting an irresistible offer that actually gets clients begging to join you creating that enticing offer that gets people just wanting whatever it is that you can, that you can sell to people, okay, how to lower your dream clients to you with the ads, how to actually get the AI audiences to show the right people to you, right? And, you know, if I go over to chat GPT, right here actually want to actually want to use this. Can you make it more something that lures people in?

[1539:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see this because this is actually more what it's like in your business. This is the AI on Facebook, but something that lures people in? Can you create some kind of a visual for bait that entices people to show up in front of the AI secret bot? That is very enticing to people, even inside their own homes.

[1547:16] Speaker 0: Okay. So the AI is generating these graphics, as I describe them, write your chat GPT can do this, it can create your ads even for you as far as this goes and create add graphics for you.

[1551:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: There it is, looks like our televisions looks like our you know, that is literally what Facebook is, it's showing content to the right people at the right time to lower them in to get them in front of you. So that then you can present to them your coaching at the right moment in time when they need it the most.

[1557:00] Speaker 0: Let's do this. Can you generate a graphic that can be used to promote this offer above that is like a photograph of a real life setting based around the above.

[1562:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So literally, you can even have it generate you graphics that you can run for your Facebook ads. We did this for my mom's artificial intelligence offer. You know, we ran, we ran these Facebook ads right here, we generated these graphics.

[1566:09] Speaker 0: We wrote some ads copy, let me go into my mom's ads manager. And I'm going to show you this. What this looks like, we did this book funnel right here.

[1570:03] Speaker 0: And we went through and I this this is what some of our our ads look like.

[1572:42] Speaker 0: Here look. So right because we're teaching AI is we actually had to make a graphic of like an AI ready to ride the wave of the AI revolution secure your free copy of investing in the future of AI. And it literally shows a sci fi image and graphic write that we made it a little bit more approachable. And this has actually been converting much better now, isn't it it's a little bit less scary and a little bit more realistic. It's this image of like aI helping people in their home or like a helping AI instead of like a sci fi AI as far as that goes. Okay, so what you want to do is you want to create an offer that lures people in that attracts them to you.

[1585:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, let me try this again. And so that's what we're going to walk you through during this five day intensive is the right process that we're using, that our clients are using on how to start and grow your own group coaching to six figures. I'm going to show you what I have been doing for the last 21 years with running Facebook ads with spending millions of dollars online so that you can actually get results with your coaching business day one we're going to walk you through creating your perfect offer.

[1593:11] Speaker 0: We're gonna show you how to position it for the most amount of profit and impact. We're going to we're going to walk you through the exact words to say that get people to say yes and to buy from you. So not just something that entices them with an ad right that's step number one. And what is an offer will an offer looks a lot like this. It's something that people can sign up for whether it be an ebook like this Whether it be you know, or like the stocks, the AI book, or an offer could be something like this kind of like what we're doing here today, a live zoom training, where you're teaching something to people, some way where you're gonna pull people in, they're gonna join your email list, they're gonna sign up for something with you. And then that's going to give you an opportunity to tell people about what it is that you actually have for sale, right? Remember, I mentioned the waiting list for my coaching program. Again, I would encourage you to join the waiting list for my accelerator program. If you're watching this here today, I'd love to work with you on that. You know, by the way, if you're looking for some great prompts for chat, GPT, I have this over on my website, the free chat GPT prompts download, a lot of people charge a lot of money for these, I actually have them for free, you can check this out. It's a Google Doc that has over 30, or over 41 pages of chat GPT prompts, as you can type into chat GPT and start using to create your sales copy to create your advertisements

[1617:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: to brainstorm all this, this is all in here. We have advertising prompts that are in here, how to create video ads, how to write a script for a video ad, this prompt right here can write a script for a video ad for you. By the way, that's a great image right there for that house flipping offer.

[1623:02] Speaker 0: That's a great image. It's really cool. If you ran an ad with this image, and then some of that copy about flipping a house, you had a webinar that will be great. You do or you use this video ad script right here. Ever wondered how some folks flip houses with barely a dime, and you're stuck on the sidelines? I've been, you know, my name is this and I turned my last few bucks through a booming house flipping business, I created a no flip flop webinar flip houses like a boss to show you how to do so even if you have no money. All right. So that's what an offer is, is it allows you to even put that on autopilot, something that's evergreen, we're going to walk you through how to do that how to put it on autopilot. So you don't have to show up live to do it, and then how to get people to actually buy from you. And so if you've been struggling and feeling swamped, drained, and possibly even feeling like quitting your coaching business, I want to give you a razor sharp, clear roadmap on how to get more clients, I want to help you feel more confident, I want to give you the exact tested step by step strategy, that you need to be able to do this to go from a failing and struggling course grader and coach to one who is successful. So that you can virtually guarantee that you know how to create those results. Only working five to 10 hours a week in your coaching or online course business. And so register for this event, it's completely free. It's live, it's taught live each day, there's new sessions. And here's the cool part about it is there's also a VIP upgrade for this. Okay, in the VIP upgrade. When you upgrade before Monday,

[1651:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: January 29, it's just $23 the regular price of this VIP upgrade is almost 200 bucks, okay. And the value is way more than that it's close to $12,000 Honestly, we've actually had people go through this type of intensive with us one of these, one of these five day intensives. And they told us Jeremiah, I invested more than $10,000 before with a coach. And what you gave me in these five days was worth way more than that coach that I invested $10,000 into. And so if you want the exact strategies that we have used to help get more clients in our business to help people go from just starting out with their first Facebook ads

[1663:52] Speaker 0: to create their first offer that strategically, lasers in on and allows you to become a trained assassin, marketer, a trained assassin, copywriter, a trained assassin advertiser, and be an exceptional high integrity, ethical salesperson that works with Dream clients. This five day intensive is the blueprint on how to do so and so the VIP upgrade includes this. You're gonna get five days of the backstage pass with me to ask your questions to get clarity and everything, you're gonna get the recordings of all the sessions. We've also loaded up incredible pre trainings in there. They're going to help you get results in your business. If you are a coach, if you're a mentor and you're struggling to get clients. We've actually loaded up pre trainings into a Facebook group that you can check out in If you go on over here, and you can check this out, let's see January 29. Let me let me open up the right one here, I want to show you what some of these pre trainings are. That by the way, if you sign up for free today, you can access these pre trainings right away. Here we go.

[1687:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's some of the pre trainings, we've loaded up what to do if people reject you, or negative online, when you're marketing your business, it's an eight minute training, I loaded up in here, picking the best topics and niches for your course, or coaching business, this is not another 10 minute training that I break this whole process down for you. And I show you how to use chat GPT to do this, having the confidence to put yourself out there and promote your courses and coaching. This isn't one of these free pre trainings right here that I loaded up. And by the way, these are brand new, nobody's ever seen these before. If you've if you've been a part of a previous one of these with us, this is all brand new stuff, why courses and group coaching of the best superior business model than anything else, and how to create a profit with your business, as well as Ding ding ding, how to price things as a 14 minute pricing training for free that you get access to simply by registering for free with us here, okay, so not only you're gonna get the session, you're gonna get the recordings, you're gonna get the pre trainings, I'm also giving you four bonus trainings,

[1704:49] Speaker 0: the chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle, a strategic bundle of what prompts to use to make your sales letter sell more, I'm going to give you the get unstuck to take massive action training, I'm gonna walk you through exactly everything to do to get unstuck in your business. So that you can take action so that you're not struggling, and so that you don't come back a year from now and say, gosh, you know, I committed to this January 2024, nothing happened. I'm here again, stuck. Again, I don't want that to be your story. I don't want to see you a year from now, and you're still struggling.

[1716:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: This VIP is going to make sure that you get the results that you want. There's four bonus trainings, we have two mindset trainings, we have a strategy training, we have a practical training on chat GVT, you have the five days of the intensive, which covers what was listed on this page right here.

[1722:32] Speaker 0: And you're gonna get the five days in the backstage pass to ask me questions each day, following each session to be able to access this and so go check it out, go check out the details. over at my website, go upgrade to the VIP. If you are serious about starting or growing your coaching business this year, starting and growing a membership site starting and growing an online course businesses here and how to create an offer that's going to work with the ads manager the right way. Get registered for this five day intensive starting on Monday, this week. Okay. I cannot wait to see you there. And I can't wait to help you reach those goals that you have. You don't have to struggle, you don't have to wonder Can I make this work? There's a process it's proven there's a blueprint? Don't second guess this? This is going to work if you work it? Is success and finances guaranteed with this? No, of course not. That's silly by you registering, you're not going to suddenly have money in your bank account. But if you apply this training and you start to do it, this is the best training that is out there today on what is working right now, to get clients in your coaching business more than anything else that's on the planet, I promise you that you're not gonna find anything else that's out there. I teach stuff that's different and unconventional from what everybody else is teaching and what most people are going to charge you for. And gonna give it to you for free during these five days. And so listen, I cannot wait to see you there. Register now for free upgrade to that VIP for the five days. And we'll see you there. Now listen, if you registered for today's VIP, I apologize. We went over I'm gonna go hop on over into today's VIP, and we're going to take your questions. We're going to continue today's training on advertising. We're going to focus on ads, and we're going to help you apply this we're going to do a couple of live labs together. We're going to start to build this with you in the VIP and so let's if you have not upgraded to today's VIP, it's only seven bucks, you can still grab If you upgrade to the VIP for the five day, no, there's no bundle, I'm not going to give you a discount on either of them because you upgraded. Like we don't offer any of that. Okay, today's VIP is separate from the VIP next week, that's for the five day. Today's is $7 for today, okay, I always have like a ton of people that asked me that. Jump in register for this five day intensive and then upgrade to today's VIP. And let's continue this training. And let's start building your ads showing you how to avoid those pitfalls, how to run your retargeting, how to navigate the ads manager and how to get results, even if you've struggled before with your ads. Alright, so I'm gonna go hop on over to that VIP, and we're going to continue talking about this, if you have not grabbed that VIP upgrade, I'm gonna drop the link right here, we're gonna, we're gonna put the link right here in the Zoom chat. Okay. And you're going to be able to have that upgraded today's VIP on the thank you page after you upgrade, scroll down, like scroll down the page after you upgrade to the VIP, right. So you can again, you can find that at the link or you can find it by opting in or signing up on this page right here

[1782:52] Speaker 0: and then you're going to scroll down, you're going to purchase this, it's only $7 It's gonna, by the way, you get these two bonus trainings to, it's incredible, you get the recording of today, and you get the VIP recording. And then since I went over, we're gonna continue, I'm gonna promise you a whole hour in the q&a. Okay, so it's only seven bucks, it's right here. No, we don't take Pay Pal, put your credit card in upgrade to the $7 VIP for today. By the way, if you're watching this recording, you can still go grab this in the next 24 to 48 hours. upgrade to that VIP, get the recording, so that you have access to that. So you can watch and pause and see the prompts and all that. And then I'm gonna go hop on over to that VIP, and we're going to continue what we've been teaching here today. All right, and then what it is, is on the thank you page after you upgrade, you're gonna see this page right here, it looks just like this. And then if you scroll down, this one doesn't have it. But if you scroll down from the VIP upgrade one, there's a special section that's not here on this one. That's going to have the VIP zoom link, the special zoom link for the VIP q&a, and that's how you'll be able to find it instantly. All right, so I will see you in there. We're gonna hop on over to that and we'll talk soon. Make sure to register for the five day. Don't skip it. Don't forget it. It starts Monday. We'll see you there.

