Sales Letter & Landing Page Copywriting Made Easy with A.I - Lesson 1
Date: 2024-12-01T05:27:04.000Z
Duration: 28 min
Otter ID: BwUUyx0wJZGMQ_QjId7ylB4fnPA
---

[0:06] Speaker 0: Hey everyone, welcome to this brand new course. I'm excited to talk to you about landing page sales copy, building out your landing pages, the structure for your landing pages. There's no single greatest aspect to marketing your business than the landing page copy, and this is where I put the majority of my work and effort. Now here's the thing, as I don't want you to take me saying this that is so important as to that you have to invest a lot of time and energy into getting the landing page copied down. It's the number one lever that you can pull that makes the biggest impact and difference. But you really want to learn the art of getting landing pages deployed quickly, getting them out there. And this is one of those areas where I meet a lot of people, number one, they don't put enough energy into their landing page copy like they don't. They don't focus on it at all, and then they're wondering why things don't convert. Or number two, they put way too much focus on it, and they're not actually launching because they're trying to refine and craft. And both of those are wrong. Both of those are not going to sustain you. They're not going to help you to reach your goals. You have to have a landing page of some kind, a page where people can go that communicates to them, and then the landing page actually tells the algorithms on social media who to target the offers towards. It decides how we market, how we write our emails, how we create our advertising campaigns, our social media content, and it's the first point of entry where somebody makes a decision to actually want to work with you, is the copy on a landing page. And so there's a structure to landing pages that we actually do. One of the things that I'll mention is is that I keep a very minimal and what you're going to notice is, is that a lot of what I do is it's it's a white background, black text. I don't do a lot of colors, not a lot of fancy stuff at all, but they work, and they're what we've done for years. And that's what I recommend you do for landing pages. The other thing too for writing sales letter, sales copy. This book is absolutely incredible. I learned about creating sales copy and sales letters in the trenches, working, building multi million dollar campaigns. And then I ended up reading this book after years of doing it myself. And it was like, okay, it was all the stuff I'd been doing in the exact order of how I'd been doing it. But somebody had written down and Dan Kennedy, he's, he's like, a amazing author about this, but he put it into a book that I'm like, I gotta recommend this to everybody, because this book really breaks down writing headlines and writing sales copy and all that nowadays, because we have artificial intelligence, we have so much at our disposal when it comes to creating our landing pages. Okay, so number one, you want to you need to have your landing pages created. You need to iterate with them. They're going to be the play. The thing that you're going to be editing, tweaking, adjusting, you're going to be constantly adjusting. But you want to have the courage, the tenacity, the consistency, to put something out there. It doesn't need to be perfect, but it needs to go out there, and it needs to be launched to people. Then number two, we're going to follow a a formula that works for all landing pages, a format. I'm going to show you that what that format is here right now in this first lesson. And then we're going to break down, how do we actually start to write the sales copy and then fit it all into that? I know in this program, we've had a number of different courses, landing page blueprint we've had, I got multiple sales copy, chat, GBT courses and stuff like that. My hope is, with this course, to combine a lot of the things that we've had that have been sporadically in different places. The only thing I'm not going to be going over is technical aspects of building your funnel or building your landing page, depending on what platform you're using, what software you're using. Okay, we're not going to be going over that, because what I'm going to teach you in this is what you do before you even touch the software. And the reason why is because we just use a Google Doc for our sales copy. So I recommend you start. I don't ever like put it on a landing page, put it on a platform, put it on a website. I always start with just a Google doc of some kind. Okay, so Google Docs again, you can go to Google Doc, go grab an account to be able to use Google Docs, and you create a blank document. And this is where all of our sales copy starts. Is it starts in a Google doc right here. All right now the landing pages that we've created and the structure. Sure that works really well. I'm going to show you a couple of them recently that we've launched that I put out there. Here's one right here. Black Friday bundle, we got our headline at the top right here. And you're going to notice every landing page that we launch has a headline at the top. Okay, let's go pull up another one right here. Let's go pull up our our accelerator right here. Okay. Headline at the top, I'm going to go pull up another one for you right here. This is one that I did with Sandy Krakowski business. It's for her. Let's see. Here's the stocks Academy right here. Headlines at the top, and I'm going to break down the structure. I'm going to show you how it translates across all these different types of offers. Here's another offer right here. Ai stocks ebook, headline at the top. It's got some blue text around there. That's okay, let's see, um, I'm going to pull up a couple of different landing pages, couple different offers, and you're really going to start to see how this translates in here. Webinar headline at the top, call to action, okay, um, let's see Health Series. That was the one that we did, Health Series, okay? Health Series. And then the last one I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you this one right here as well, the menopause community headlines at the top. I'm going to show you a couple more of my offers right here on my site. Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash, start and again. These are all things that we are running ads to. These are all campaigns that we are running advertisements to, that we're sending traffic to actively. Alright? So I got a couple of them right here. We got this one right here. There's a headline at the top, as far as who it's for a title. Here's a headline of the copy right there. Here's a headline at the top here, call to action. Who it's for attention. Headline at the top, right there. Okay. Headline at the top of this offer accelerator is another headline right there. Headline at the top, there goes into the Black Friday offer, stocks Academy. Headline at the top, start increasing call to action, sales, copy, headline at the top, text, image. Headline at the top, headline at the top, and you're noticing these are all larger text that grab the attention of somebody. These are like attention, extra, extra read. All about it. Okay. And then as we go further down the page, you can notice that the structure shifts just a little bit. Sometimes you can throw in another headline, a secondary headline. Maybe you'll throw in a video right there. You may have two headlines like you got right here. These are sub headlines. Okay, sub headline, right there. And anything that's larger than this smaller text right here is what we call our headlines and sub headlines. Okay, so again, these are kind of like what you grab somebody's attention with initially, when they land on the site, when they land on the landing page, the first things you want them to see, initially. Okay, okay, headline at the top. We got this graphic right here. Headline at the top, right there. Graphic image, okay, headline at the top. And honestly, I'm using my graphic as well as a headline. It tells people what they're gonna get. All right, so every landing page we have has a similar structure. Now if we scroll down further, you're going to notice there is smaller text. This is what I call the story section of the landing page, the story and so every landing page that we create has this structure right here in your copy.

[150:21] Speaker 0: Headline, okay, story, story, this Black Friday. We're handing everything out. I've walked in your shoes. I started spinning my wheels. What if you can consistently earn this, this is the story of what they will experience. You always share something like this just a couple of paragraphs. Whoops, here we go. Just a couple of paragraphs as to what is going to be experienced by the person before you go into anything of what is in included a. Okay, same thing right here. Dear coaches, are you ready to level up your casting vision? It's like a written webinar. It's like a written sales letter. That's why it's called a sales letter, because before we go into what's included, we're going to be speaking to the emotional decision making aspects of somebody, which is what truly we want people to tap into, because that's what gets people to buy from us. Okay, right here. Story section, you're going to find out how to do this. It's no secret. But where do you start? There's so much information, and again, I'm going to be showing you how to use AI to come up with all of these different sections where I see a lot of people make a mistake is that they lead with what's included. And they're so focused on what they're going to deliver to people, they're so focused in their sales copy and on their landing pages as to what the what the outcome is going to be overall. So they got a headline and they got, here's what you're going to get. That's not the right approach. And so you want to have some kind of a couple of small paragraphs and a photograph. You're going to notice that's also what we have in common here. On across all these we have the text there. We have a photo of some kind. Text, photo, okay, text photo. And I got a lot of different photos of me, you can use the same photo of you if you have something like that. This one is the only one that's a little bit shorter, because this is a VSL. So a VSL, this isn't a long term webinar or anything that this is actually just a a 18 minute direct sales pitch to my coaching program right here. So that's where we actually do skip it, where we have just a headline, and then we go into the bullets of what's included, what they're going to learn, because it's a very quick when we want them to get to go watch that. Okay, headline, then we got the story section right here. Limited Time Training. I've learned everything again. This was really short, because I was testing a really short version of this. I probably would make this just a little bit longer, the story section there, but we have the image of me, the the photo right there. Okay. Text, here's a photo of the stock market right there, because that's what this offer is. Okay, here's some text, it's not just the future. My name is Sandy Krakowski, I know where you are. Even after building a business, I didn't think I had what it takes to be successful. Storytelling section that relates to people. It's relatable. It helps them see that you are relatable. Here's an image right there. Okay. Story section, Does this sound familiar? You're waking up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat. You're casting vision for the the pain they're experiencing and the outcome, and then you have a photo of you next to it, right there. Okay, same thing right here. Look at this text story section. Listen up. You sick and tired of feeling like menopause is still in your mojo? Let me tell you. I've been there, done that, natural remedies photograph right now, this one's just a little bit different, because we had the photo just kind of front and center right there, but it's the same cut, same kind of concept. Sick of conflicting advice. I was too that's, that's when I not only started getting updated research, yep. So again, it talks about the research, it talks about the experience, it talks about the journey. And that's the part that I think a lot of people they miss. Well, I don't just think a lot of people miss it. After working with 1000s of coaches, 99% of people miss that one part of their landing page. They can come up with a headline, they can come up with what they're going to sell. They can come up with what's it going to include, but they miss the part that talks about the experience, that taps into the emotional driver with somebody okay? So you don't want to miss that piece, because that's what's going to pull people deeper in your landing page overall. Again, the exception to that rule is, if you are doing a VSL, here's a client that we worked on with a VSL as well. I'm going to show you this. I'm going to show you an example of a VSL. This is a landing page with a VSL. It's just got a headline and then what will be covered, because it's an instant access where the next page is an instant access, short video, short form, 11 minute video leads to a book, a call. Call to Action of some kind. Okay, that's a VSL. This is a VSL page right here, because it just has a headline leads there, and that's an 18 minute video. So like, if I go, if I do this, type in my email address right there. Okay, watch this video. Whoops, that one has my deadline funnel built into it. So

[248:02] Speaker 0: see if I turn deadline funnel off. Deadline funnel is doing what it should by, by doing that for me. So we actually do, we actually want it to, to do that when somebody clicks on it. What deadline funnel is. It's a tool that we teach in our evergreen marketing class, where, in the Evergreen marketing secrets training, deadline funnel can take somebody once they opt in, or they sign up once it won't give them access. And it allows you to truly manage people being able to access your your offers with, like, a limited time offer type of a thing, but, but if you're testing, you gotta go back over here and clear the Tracking, uh, otherwise it won't let you actually see it or be able to look at it. Is the only issue when that we run into with that. Okay, so let me see here. I go, right here. Okay,

[268:15] Speaker 0: here's my VSL, right here. Okay, there we go, see so now the deadline got reset. 18 minute training has a call to action to join the accelerator program. Watch this video right here. Okay? And so, again, it's a direct offer to join into a program like this. And so every landing page that we have has that structure at the top of it, headline, story, and then we go into what is included, okay? And then we might also put our testimonies, if we have them, though they're not required. You might notice on the menopause stuff right here. There's not testimonies on any of these offers, so they're not required. And these are working incredibly we're getting dollar $1 leads with ads for all of these without any testimonies on the pages. Now the testimony is Sandy's own experience. So if you are not using testimonies. Your own story can be the testimony is the big thing as far as that goes. Okay, this one does have some testimonies right there. We got the testimonies right there. These pages have testimonies on them as well. Alright, I'm so what you do is you do what's included. This is optional testimonies, optional, and then you have your call to action. And every effective landing page that we've created follows this structure and it and it's as simple as what we've broken down here, what we've shown you. Okay, I'm going to break it down again. Headline at the top. We're going to go down to each section, story section, and you want to accompany the both of these with an image so you can have, I try to do at least like two images, one with the story section, and then one image that accompanies what's included. Okay, so what's included, here's the bundle of what's included, and then what I also like to do is, on the landing page is, is, I'll include kind of, like a soft call to action in between the what's included. So there might be, like a soft CTA right here. Okay, there's a soft CTA after the what's included. You can't miss this bundle because of this. Here's how to get started. Then we go into the testimonies. Then the final call to action, to take action, purchase is right there. Okay, here's on this one, what's included. Now this is a really long section of what's included, because I developed this as a I just have, I just go over every. Everything, everything, everything, okay. Then we go testimonies. They keep scrolling with testimonies. Okay. Now this one for my main offer. I also included a section with a diagram like this that goes over, finding your niche, writing your copy, all that that's optional. You can put that together in your presentation. Because this is my paid program. I also have a comparison of other programs, how ours is different.

[328:56] Speaker 0: And then my call to action is at the bottom, right here. Okay, there's another one right here. Headline at the top. Here's an image of the text right there, what's included. Here's what's going to be taught. When we say what's included, that it that also means like, what are you going to learn? What

[335:24] Speaker 0: are you going to get out of this? What are you going to receive from this? And then we got the testimonies below that, and then the official call to action. Okay, same right here. What's included? Here's what you're going to learn. Call to act. There's a soft call to action right there. Again, the soft CTA is optional as well. And then we have the testimonies and the Register link right there. Alright, let's look at this one story. What's included? Testimonies. Now this one flips it. This has a list of what's included after the testimonies. That's another way that you can do it. You can alternate where the testimonies come above the what's included section as well. Okay. Just depends on what type of offer it is, I would say, for a sales offer like this that you would generally like, probably do it that way. For a sales offer, something that you're selling, something like for your main program, your main program that's over $500 a year, your main program that's over $2,000 you can flip those to where the testimonies come above the what's included section, okay? And, I mean, I'm even looking at my page right here, maybe I might consider flipping some of those testimonies like that.

[361:29] Speaker 0: Okay, it works both ways. It does. This one has the headline at the top, has the story section. What's included that you're going to learn. Here's another image right there.

[365:23] Speaker 0: We generated this one with AI. That was an AI generated image. Here's a bonus that you'll get right there. Okay, ready to transform your health? Call to Action. Headline at the top story section, image what's included in this training you're going to discover. Here's what you're going to get. Call to action, right there. Okay, headline at the top image, story section. Here's what, what's included. We're going to meet every week. Here's what you're going to get. Here's what you can expect, call to action, how it's going to work. Purchase links, all right, so you notice every one of those landing pages follows this structure right here. And so whether it's a lead magnet, whether it's a webinar, whether it's an ebook, you you know this, this ebook we had right here, headline at the top story section, who it's for, what's included. We put all this together right here, soft call to action, testimonies, call to action, to download it. And then one thing that I also do like to do is I'll put a bio at the bottom as well. At the very bottom, we have a bio about the person, about who created the offer. So we'll put a bio at the very bottom of our offer. Sometimes, not always, you know, looking at these, I'm actually thinking, I might want to add a bio to these. Sometimes I go back in retrospect and think, oh, you know what that is, one thing that's slightly. Missing. I have a bio on all mine right here at the bottom, very bottom. On this one, I have

[403:59] Speaker 0: a slight bio right here this one, though people know who I am, so I don't really need a bio on this page because they already know who I am on that page. Bio at the bottom on this one. Okay, there's a bio at the bottom on this one as well. Alright, so adding a biography, short little bio of you to the bottom under the call to action. It's also a good optional practice, and so follow this, follow what I teach in this video. Headline at the top story section, what's included, soft call to action. Throw the images in the story section, optional testimonies, call to action. You can throw your your bio in the bottom. That format for landing pages works no matter what offer you have, and then filling in each section. And so now I'm going to show you how we use AI to write those sections in our next lesson, how we break that down? What I want to what I want to encourage you with is that in this lesson, you can see that each time that we've done this, it's a very simple landing page. There's a white background with black text. The layout is very simple, very minimal. The reason why is, these are very easy to get up and running very quickly. You can create the copy for these very quickly. You can launch them very quickly. They don't take a lot of effort and work to create, and we always start with a Google doc right here. It always starts with a Google Doc and then using AI. Now, there's some prompts that I put together for sales copy. You can go find them in our prompt document, their chat GPT prompts. I have them right here. Free prompt document. Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash, chat GPT. There's a document that you can have. It's a Google doc right here. And these are the prompts that we use that helps us generate our first initial version of our sales copy. So we're going to break down how we use that to help us write the sales copy, and then we fit it all together and the framework behind that, as well as some of the lessons that we learned from this book, right here, we're going to pull into this next lesson to help you put this together. No matter what kind of offer you're creating, this structure will work for your landing pages. It'll help you create something that actually connects. It'll work for your ads. It'll work for your your your lead generation. It'll work for your offers that you're creating. So I'll see you in the next lesson. We'll talk soon. Bye.

