March 9: Get More Course Sales or Coaching Clients with Facebook Ads
Date: 2024-03-09T19:56:14.000Z
Duration: 100 min
Otter ID: I4772rpDDTsoPkmX9Bmnoq3muq0
---

[0:59] Speaker 0: All right. Hello, hello. Hello, no welcome in. Welcome to our our time here today. Glad you're joining me. We got a couple of people on here right now we're gonna be talking about Facebook ads, we're gonna be talking about how to make Facebook Ads work for you.

[8:54] Speaker 0: We've had a bunch of feedback come in from people. Can y'all hear me? Is the chat working? Chat is not working? Hello, everybody. Yes. See, I want to I want to make sure this is all interactive. Hello, everybody. Everybody. Rock your bar. That's funny. All right, let's set up our custom streaming service here real quick. I want to stream it into the group for y'all that are on here early because obviously this is set to start at. Oh, gosh, when is this supposed to start? It's the start time officially, I'm horrible when it comes to like, time of day and stuff. As far as that goes. It's one of those areas I'm working on. But I want to stay on point with the with the with the commitment as far as when we committed that we're going to be here today how long we're going to be how long this session is going to be and things like that. So that we don't go over I know some of y'all maybe have been a part of certain sessions with me. And you know that I have a tendency to sometimes go over, we're gonna make sure to honor the exact time that we have set here today, we're not going to go over. But this is going to be interactive 12pm Eastern. So here's the thing, I've had so many people over the years telling me that the fact that I struggle with time means I'm disqualified in every possible way to be successful at running a business. And they're concerned that I talk about things that deal with money and finances like Facebook ads that I am so flippant and fluid and don't give a care in the world about anything and that I shouldn't be trusted when it comes to this stuff. And the fact that I struggle with time is a perfect example of this to most people that I meet. Here's the thing. I have people in my life that helped me with that. I got a I got executive assistant, I got a team that helps me anyway, stuff like that, I generally don't have to worry about that stuff. And this is why, as a business owner, one of the things that you want to learn is that you don't need to be everything, you need to understand a lot of different things. But you don't need to be the like, perfect at everything in your business. But I understand when it comes to spending money, and Facebook ads, there's a bit of a concern about people that are flippant and reckless and have issues with focus. As far as this goes. I've not been diagnosed with anything. But I definitely would say I maybe have some symptoms of ADHD. As far as that goes. I've learned how to navigate some of my learning difficulties and communication difficulties. Let's put it that way. Right. And I think that that's something that I would encourage all in how many of y'all ever feel like the ads manager is overwhelming to use for you live Facebook ads class, join us on Zoom. You can join us live here and get the Zoom link in the Facebook group here. I'm gonna I'm gonna go live across all platforms. And then we're going to be sharing this so Anyways, welcome everybody. I just been talking with everybody about my, my struggles. Y'all don't want to hear about my struggles dress me. But if you came in five minutes earlier, you might run into it a little bit. As far as that goes. I'm here and I'm excited to share with you those y'all and I'm honored that you're here to spend this time with me. As far as this goes, I'm just getting real quick. The stream into all the other platforms going. As far as this goes March 9. It's funny this is the one thing that I don't have a team member that helps me with I do all of the management as far as like the streaming and stuff goes on my own and I keep it really simple. I use a tool called restream.io and it helps me do everything. Let me see. This will only be online for 24 hours so be sure to watch or upgrade to the VIP to get have lifetime access points. And then I'm gonna go grab the link here, those that are all y'all that are wondering what in the world am I doing? Here I'll share the screen with you. And you can see. All right, let's see VIP access, we just loaded up, by the way into the Facebook group, a bunch of pre trainings, if you haven't checked these out how to lower the cost of your ads, the right way to target people with your ads. This is a 27 minute training, optimizing your graphics and video to script them out. So I spent time literally in the group, if you're not in that Facebook group, I did a whole training on how to optimize your graphics and your videos. And I literally went in there and I live created like a graphic of me right here in this pre training that's loaded up in the Facebook group. And so we're not going to teach some of that here today. If you want to go watch it, it's free, you'll have access. It's in the Facebook group right there as far as that goes, okay, but I'm showing you very simple, easy, non tech savvy tools that you can use to do that. Okay. So that's over, that's over in the Facebook group. Let's see update, or updating, we have that in those groups right there. We have this going live right there. Okay, perfect. So now all I gotta do is I just got to copy this. Over here. This is the stream link, stream key. And then we're gonna say we're streaming into this group, and then boom, go live. Perfect. Some of y'all are wondering like, how do you go live from a zoom call? across multiple platforms, we use this tool called restream. So that's what restream does is it lets us like select all these different Facebook groups and things like that to go live into. You can see it on screen right now. It's a little bit of an inception thing going on here. But yeah, so now we're streaming live on all these different platforms. I can click it, you can see that I'm over here on YouTube. You can find the YouTube right there, you can see that we're on the YouTubes. Awesome. All right. So now we're gonna dive into it. those of y'all that are here normally, we don't even start till five minutes after the top of the session anyway. So we're early here today. Alright, everybody. Let's see. I'm learning this with no background knowledge at all excited to learn more. Yeah. So how many of y'all like have ran Facebook ads before that are here today? I mean, y'all don't even know how the Ads Manager works. How many of y'all have struggled and you've lost money because you've tried to run Facebook ads before? And it's been difficult for you generally to make things work. I don't know anything as well. Okay, cool. So here's my question, though. Like, tell me a little bit. Why do you want to run Facebook ads?

[128:25] Speaker 0: Anybody want to come up and chat real quick? Come up on camera and chat or just in the audio. By the way, there's the link in the chat for the Facebook group. And then here's the VIP upgrade link. It's seven bucks, you get the recordings to the session. We're also doing a live q&a After the main session. As far as that goes. Corky. What's up Gorky? You want to come up on on camera too? Sure. Okay. Cool. Let me promote you to a panelist. And if anybody wants to come up on camera, just raise your hand in the session. Obviously at at the top. What's up? Sorry,

[139:51] Speaker 1: I forgot I was on on the mic. My my dogs bothering me and

[141:03] Speaker 0: promote to panelists. There we go.

[142:09] Speaker 1: Can you just take? Okay, sorry. Okay. Well, you're good. Oh, yeah. All right. I'm seeing a lot of things showing up and I don't, I can't see

[144:47] Speaker 0: why clicked on promote to panelist and so you're supposed to tell it to accept that.

[146:02] Speaker 1: Okay, I can't see anything. Oh, there we go. Join the panelists. There we go. There you go. Perfect. Okay, all righty. Okay, here we are. Awesome.

[150:34] Speaker 0: So what? Why do you want to run Facebook ads, and everybody else that's in the chat? Let us know. You haven't. They say they have an online program. They want to mark it. Asia says she knows nothing. And if you told me this stuff before, again, I really like short term memory where I don't remember things that people tell me. And my wife loves it. She thinks it's like the most amazing thing I'm kidding. But

[157:09] Speaker 1: okay, well, the reason why I want to is because nobody knows me. I live in a town where there's 1800 people 1800 And so there's you know, it's just a Um, I don't know how else to get a hold of people unless I just, you know, put a big sign on my car, or I think it's like the best way is to get on social media. I don't know that

[162:55] Speaker 0: much about the best way to find people, I think in business. Yeah.

[164:00] Speaker 1: But I tried it in I spent a bunch of money. And I got a bunch of looky loos or people from Nigeria and things like that. I, yeah, I'd like to don't want that happening. You know, if they come to like to be able to, you know, have people from Oh,

[169:35] Speaker 0: you want to find people that are actually going to buy from you? Because that's the thing. There's a bunch of great people around the world. I mean, there's incredible people in Nigeria, I talked to them all the time on social media. I got I got guys I talked to that are all into AI and everything. And they're in Nigeria. And they're like, oh, yeah, we're playing around with AI. And I'm like, That's awesome. Like, this is so cool. But like they're not spending money on programs here with the Americans, the United States, right? Right. There's people that they want the information, but they're not willing to make an investment. As far as it goes, right. That's, that's about 95% of the people that are on this zoom call here today. In fact, they want the free information that I'm teaching, but they have no intention of ever investing in anything that I have to offer, which I'm okay with that I'm okay with that fact, because I know that as part of my process, if I can help people, give them a result. And I can demonstrate to them what it's like to work with me, and give them a process because that's what I want to do here today is I want to give a process that's duplicatable, it's easy to follow. And we got the event next week as well, the three day AI offer Launchpad event that we're doing, where we're going to be working with people for three days on how to use AI to automate a lot of things. All that aside, with the core is you can't ever know when you're running ads, like who's actually going to buy from you. Because people people have changed in the last three years. And that part, I think is a little bit weird to some people. And I've been teaching this. I've been teaching this part of it for the last three years. And I was saying this three years ago, and everybody was like, I don't know. And now it's like very obvious to some people, not everybody. co uk COVID changed the world in a big way. Everybody, three years ago, I remember I was in meetings like this, and they would tell me, I just want things to go back to the way they are. And then they will get angry when I'm like, I don't think that's happening. I don't think that's going to happen. And they will be like your your prophet of doom declaring horrible things in the world. And I'm like, No, I'm, I'm literally just I just I see the way technology has happened. I think people want more connection today than ever before. And social media has disconnected us. We're literally being divided among stupid things, mentally, physically. You know, I mean, the State of the Union address was the other day. And what did we see, we just saw a bunch of angry people talking back and forth and upset about things right. The guy behind him was rolling his eyes. Comala was like, raising and Biden was reading off his teleprompter. And I was sitting here watching it because I'm like, This is pure entertainment right now is about this is I'm just I'm just enjoying watching this, as an observer, seeing what I consider the State of the Union address as a webinar, that Joe Biden ran to campaign for his campaign, it was essentially the same as what I'm doing here today, a webinar. But he did it on public television media. And that's the thing is what's so funny as I look at what people do in politics, and I pull it into what we do with Facebook ads, a lot of people are like, I don't want to talk about politics. And I'm like, here's the thing, though. I don't like any of the options that people are wanting to vote for very much. But like, I look at how they're marketing to people, and I look at what's going on. And when there's a political year, you will see a direct mirror image of how politics is being marketed to how social media marketing works. And that part people don't like because they don't want to do the things that they dislike about what's going on politically. They want to be different. They want to stay outside of that realm. They want to look different look better, appear better, as far as that goes. And so the problem with this is I could stand here today and I'm not talking about you Corky. I'm talking about everybody else is here and that are watching streaming and we're going to have at least 100 to 200 people watch the recording over the next 24 hours. So they're watching this. I could walk you Through the exact process of what's going to create results with your Facebook ads. The problem is, is this 90% of everybody who's watching me here today won't believe that what I say is true. And it's because I have not built trust with everybody who's watching this here today. They don't trust what I'm talking about. They see, they saw me on a Facebook ad. They see somebody claiming to be able to produce a result for people. And in most people's eyes, I'm probably no different than a politician here today. Somebody who they believe is spouting claims of what they're going to do. And then the truth is, it's overwhelming, you lose money, and nothing works, because that's exactly what most people experience when they hire a marketing agency, when they listen to people like me talk about how to run Facebook ads. And so I've spent the last 24 hours really diving into how I can actually produce the best results for people here today. So that I don't waste the time of anybody that's here. But I keep coming up against a roadblock is that no matter how truthful I am here today, I do not think that 90% of anybody that's here is going to actually believe that what I'm going to tell you is going to work for you. And so we have two options, and I want to give you guys these options, if you can raise your hands, let me know in the chat, two things, and you get to decide how today's webinar gets to go. Okay, you have two options. Number one is I can tell you all the things that are going to work I can walk you through strategically how to use the ads. The problem with this though, is that most of you are not gonna do anything with it. And it's probably not going to help you and it's probably not going to produce any results in your life. Why? I'll tell you why in a second, I believe that your brain is actually wired against not wanting to hear the truth. I believe that your brain is wired to desire for me to lie to you today

[282:08] Speaker 0: the brain is wired currently to seek after fantasies, things that are not real. And so when I run ads to show you how to do Facebook ads, when you come in here what you are wanting at your core is to be told what you want to hear not what actually works for most people please teach the people that want to learn the 10% will listen to you well the problem is this the other 10% They'll listen but they still probably won't benefit from it immediately and so we have two options either I can I can teach what works or I can sit here and simply lie to you for the next hour and 15 minutes and tell you all the stuff you want to hear to make you feel really good and puff you up with motivation and confidence that you can do it and then sell you on some overpriced coaching program that's not going to actually work for you probably and try to manipulate you into becoming a client of mind by lying to your face which one would you rather me do because one is gonna make me a lot more money is a thing and so

[306:31] Speaker 1: I want the truth I want I want I want from you

[307:21] Speaker 0: I know you do I know you do but I want to know if everybody else here does because so I have a standard when it comes to running Facebook ads for my business and so I'm going to give you guys what that standard is here today and and then you can decide for yourself what's really going on. There is only one thing important to me today. One thing you will note that is

[316:48] Speaker 1: our success.

[317:21] Speaker 0: Oh no no, that's the last thing I care about. The number one thing that I care about here today is billing my bank account with more money. And I do not care how I get there. That's my only priority for being here today.

[324:38] Speaker 0: And so, understand that if you want your Facebook ads to work, you need to adopt that thinking as well in your business. And you need to put impact on the back burner. See, we're already losing people now that are watching because they're offended by what I just said, it's great. I love it. I love it. Because people cannot handle the truth. They can't. They would rather I lie to them and say that impact and then their success is what is most important to me. Because it makes people feel good. It sounds good. It makes me look good managers, my reputation makes me look really altruistic and have high integrity to people. In fact, what would make me appear to be the most honest, everybody here today is for me to lie with everything that I have to say. And that's the problem with online marketing. That's the problem with sales and marketing. That's the problem with our entire industry here today. Which is why there's a wonderful regulatory body in our country right now. Called the Federal Trade Commission. And the Federal Trade Commission is directly seeking out people like myself, to go after people like myself, to make sure to put people like myself in jail. You sure you want the truth? You sure?

[353:52] Speaker 1: Yeah, I am.

[354:40] Speaker 0: Because people who look like me walk like me, act like me talk like me that run Facebook ads, the government is seeking out to find any area where I might slip up. To hit me with a lawsuit, and to put me in jail and to take me away from my wife and son. Why would I risk that on a daily basis? Do I not care about my family? Do I not care about what they feel? Do I have no concern recklessly, about leaving my wife, husband less than my son fatherless, some of you may think so. Especially if I'm making money and finances, my number one priority.

[370:53] Speaker 0: And so if what I'm talking about here today is making any of you feel uncomfortable, I would encourage you to maybe either take a break, go watch the recording, go buy the VIP watch the recording another time when you can actually engage with this conversation. Because I could sit here today and I could do a sales pitch. And I could tell you all the stuff that you want to hear, but it's not going to help anybody. The problem with that is this. If I do that, I amplify my risk of going to jail by 100 times. So for me, and here's the thing, the risk of the risk of me getting in trouble is always there, you can always get sued by somebody, you can always piss somebody off enough that they will go after you and report you and try to get you in trouble. Especially when you do the things that I do in online marketing, and you claim to be able to accomplish the things that I have accomplished. What they're looking for is a lack of quantifiable evidence. And so if I can't prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that what I talk about is truthful. It's behind bars and a giant lawsuit for me. And that's what's happening now in the coaching industry, and the membership industry and the online personal development space. There's documentaries right now on Netflix, about coaches that are actually secretly cult leaders. about people that are learning persuasion and sales and manipulation and using Facebook ads to pull people in to be able to abuse and exploit them for money. There's a number of youtubers on social media one of them His name is coffee Zilla. Have you all watched coffee Zilla? Right? I hope one day coffee and I could do a conversation together because to coffee Zilla I am by definition of and he's been on the Netflix special by definition of coffee Zilla. I am a scammer fraudster and fake guru that is preying on desperate people with deceptive advertising to be able to steal money from people according to this YouTube channel where he brags about helping scammers get arrested. I am by definition of what I do in business, one of his number one targets that he's looking for. And I hope him and I can have a conversation one day. Here's what he says right here this video. Here's why. Here's why I say that because I've watched a bunch of his videos. This video is an opinion and in no way considered to construe statement of fact, scams, bad business opportunities and fake gurus are subjective terms that mean different things to different people. I think someone who promises $100,000 a month for an upfront fee of $2,000 is a scam. Others would call it the opportunity of a lifetime guess what my coaching program costs, it costs $2,000. And guess what I tell people that I help them do I help them make over $100,000 A month by definition of what coffee Zilla has there, none of y'all should be listening to me. And I should be behind bars. If what I say is untrue. And you will never hear another webinar where somebody says what I've just said for the last 20 minutes about Facebook ads. Why? Because they're way too concerned about managing their reputation. They are way too concerned about not getting in trouble. They are way too concerned about looking good to everybody around them. They are way too concerned about managing the perception of themselves in the marketplace. For me or not, I have zero concern whatsoever about managing my reputation about what anybody thinks about me. When I show up on the internet, that is the last thing on my mind. In fact, what I do is I take this there are things that people say that I should do in business, to manage my reputation to show up as somebody who is professional, and trustworthy. And you know what I do with those things that everybody else tells me that I should do. I take this trash can, and I toss it in the trash can. Because that's what I think about the things that everybody says that I should be doing in business. One of the number one things is this. Look at behind me video games. I've been told for years that the number one reason why I am not trustworthy is because I play video games because video games are a sign of a lack of discipline, and somebody who does not take care of their family. As a man who is building a business, I've been told this by multi multi millionaires that for me to ever be successful in business, that I need to stop playing video games and I need to get out of the fantasy and get into the real world and surely do something that's going to impact people. And how many of you have nieces, nephews, grand sons, sons that you believe are wasting their life away because they're playing video games, and that everybody who plays video games are just one step away from drug addicts. They're addicted to pornography, and they are the lowest of the low, worthless human beings on planet Earth. none of y'all are going to be honest with me here today and actually admit to that, but I guarantee you that some of you have thought that before. Why? Because I host meetings all the time where people tell me this, or they tell me that the number one reason why they had a problem with me is because it appears like I am an undisciplined, overweight man who's filming in his teenager's bedroom. So the choice is yours here today, are you going to trust me or not? When I tell you how to be able to create Facebook ads? Again, you don't have to, I don't need you to believe me, I need you to prove that what I talked about will work, I need you to hold me to the fire and scrutinize the heck out of every single thing that comes out of my mouth to the point that you are trying to find something that I'm doing that's wrong. I encourage it, I would amplify that behavior. For every single one of you that's here today. What's up, Jenny? How are you? Corky. What do you think about all that? You're muted, I can't hear you.

[496:07] Speaker 1: Um, when I first saw you, you had your hat turned backwards. And you had on just a you know, okay, there you go. All right. Now you look right. And, and then you had a t shirt with some words on it. And you know, I'm a little bit older than you. And so I come from the place where, you know, you wear the suit and your tie. And you were, you know, if you want people to respect you, and I'm watching you and everything you're saying, and then I do it, you show me. And I'm getting results. And I'm seeing the benefits, I'm thinking, what you look like is it actually encouraged me to listen to you because you're real. And people want transparency now. And the shirt I have on this is me. If I if I wore a shirt that I don't want to work on it and wouldn't be comfortable. But

[509:34] Speaker 0: if I took this to the next level, and I just literally just kind of sat back here. And I have a I have a video game on right there. Yeah, and I and I have my game controller right here today. How many of y'all find this disrespect? If I sat here, and y'all said that you were going to join me here today. And I just sat here and played video games for the next hour while we talked?

[516:17] Speaker 1: Well, as long as you teach me what I want to hear, I mean, that's actually going to help me if it's going to help me. But yeah, I have chickens in the backyard. I I go out and hang out with them. I have I know, not the professional type. But now that you know, I go out there and slop in the mud with my chickens. And but I don't do that to anybody else. And it's so enlightening to see you. Hey, just take me who I am. And I can show you some things that will really help you. And the more I show you the more that I my friend JC she told me about you. So bye to a lot. And she told me. She said she said, Yeah, you look at him. And he looks like he can't teach you a thing. But then you're listening and you're like, Oh, my goodness, you can help us. And so she's she's on the listening ear as well. Yeah. So I as a matter of fact, yesterday I went through and I did that, that GPT. And I used all the questions that she showed me and oh my goodness, all the answers are everything that I want. So

[532:16] Speaker 0: it's awesome. And that's what we'll show you here today, we'll do a little bit of that. So a lot of y'all are just starting out with Facebook ads, you've never used the ads manager here before.

[534:14] Speaker 1: But that's where I'm stuck.

[535:15] Speaker 0: And that's the problem here is why if I spend the next hour going over the Facebook Ads Manager, it's not going to actually help anybody in their business is the problem. The ads manager is overwhelming. I get it. Here's the thing I have. So I've done one on one coaching with people.

[542:34] Speaker 0: I've done one on one coaching with people and I've spent 1020 hours one on one guiding people to the ads manager and they still can't figure it out. So if I take an hour here today to actually walk you through the ads manager, it's not actually going to help you it's the thing. But that's what everybody keeps asking me for. That's what everyone wants me to do. That's why like in my in my coaching program, I have courses and stuff like that all about the ads manager and things like that. In the bonus training, I have a whole training on using the ads, writing the ads, things like that. We have a course on the Facebook pixel pixel clarity course, we have a course on optimizing your ads. We have a whole course on setting up all the ads and things of that and people still go through those. And then they join my coaching calls in my group and they're like Jeremiah, I've gone through every training you've ever done, and I feel like I'm pulling my hair out. I can't figure out the ads manager. I can't figure out what's going on. I feel exhausted. I'm nervous. Nothing's working. And guess what? I've lost $1,000 So far running ads. I can't keep doing them. So one of two things is the case, if that's the case, either number one, I'm a very crappy coach and teacher. Right? The fact that people go through 2030 hours with me and still can't get it probably means that I suck at what I do, maybe. I don't think that's the case, though. Because I've also had people take my training, and they've gone on and made like a ton of success. Again, I can't promise that you're gonna make any money with what I teach. That's what the government is really cracking down on people is that if I show up here today, and try to promise as you're going to make any result with what I teach, it's straight to jail. straight to jail, you see that mean? Before promise to make money straight to jail. It's like it's straight. You just land you remember, you're playing Monopoly where it's like straight, like go to jail instant thing and you like gotta roll twice to get out of jail. How many y'all played Monopoly before

[577:45] Speaker 0: I love playing Monopoly. I play Monopoly on my cell phone. Often, in the in the in the in the pool. I'll load up monopoly. I'll play it all the time. I love it. And I figured out how to win. If you can get the orange of the red spaces. And you put hotels on those. You're like, way more set up to win as far as I go. So if y'all are like trying to figure out what you want, is you want to be able to trade for those spaces. And that will help you the most, I'm I have it on my phone here. There's a couple different versions of monopoly and stuff like that. I love it. It's one of my favorite. I have monopoly on my PlayStation. I play Monopoly all the time. It's one of my first games I ever played. As far as this goes, I think it's amazing. And I think it's a great example, even when it comes to learning about business, and trading, and real estate and things like that. It's a great example. In fact, that's why some of y'all don't realize why I love video games so much. And board games. I was just talking with my neighbor. He's a he's a he's a high up expert, regional manager over a whole sales team with a really big company. And he's obsessed with board games, and video games as well. And he plays a series it's called Warhammer 40,000. So we're ama 40,000. What you do is you I'm learning it right now, basically Are these like little characters and you go out there and there's like a battle map. And you do this whole like board game battle thing, right here. So like I'm learning about this whole nerd culture of board game, video game type thing and the convergence of this. There's a whole series even it's called a warhammer total war. It's a video game series where you do like the same thing in a video game like this. And there's a whole there's a total Total War Rome. Game series, my brother actually plays this a lot. He's into it. Him and I were looking to connect. I use video games to connect with friends, family, brothers, things like that. My brother plays this game called Age of Empires Age of Empires. Two how many y'all remember Age of Empires two? Do you ever hear about Age of Empires to this whole empire building type of a thing? Did y'all like care anything about video games at all? or No? Not really. Board games? Any kind of board games?

[615:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, cash flow one on one if you want to go jump into extreme extreme monopoly cash flow. 101 is fun. And it's even heard

[618:23] Speaker 0: about that one from from Rich Dad. Yeah. From rich dad. Okay, cool. Yeah, no, I should check that out. That's very cool.

[620:06] Speaker 1: I was hooked on Tetris. When my kids I have five kids and

[621:48] Speaker 0: we're hungry fixed in ER. And it was a documentary on Tetris that are not a documentary. That's a movie. Did you see the Tetris movie? No. on Apple TV, it's so good. Okay. It's one of the most inspirational movies that I've ever watched. It's on Apple TV. It's about the creator of Tetris. And how he basically went out there and found this Russian developer that made this game that you played on this like old school Russian machine, and became Tetris. And it became this huge phenomena. And what I love is that it's actually a love story. The movie is a love story. And that's the why that's why I love it because that's the thing is really, you want to know what everything in life really is ultimately, at the core. It's a love story. I think you can find an underlying love story and every single narrative that's out there because what drives people to hatred is actually protecting what they love. And when you understand that the core of hate is actually to protect what they love. You have compassion on some of the most hateful people that are out there, even when they're doing horrible, heinous, evil things. And that's why for me, I've always taken a look at politics. And I'm taking a look at all different competing sides of politics and warfare, and things like this. And at the core, I find the love story. That's it. As I just see an underlying love story of people working towards something better. This video game right here that I have on my screen right here. It's called civilization. Basically, you go to battle against other nations. And it's to build the largest nation and things like that. It's something that I that I love to play, all of the things that I do, all the games that I play are based around in some way, some underlying overarching love story of some kind. Sometimes I even like to read the occasional love story. This is a novel series right now that's popular. Currently. It's a love story series. That set in fantasy, there's romance. It's breathtaking and set in like a fairy universe. There's there's like maps, and quests and all this. It's basically like a retelling of Beauty and the Beast is what the what the story is, underneath everything is a love story. Some of you all are like, What the heck does any of this have to do with Facebook ads? How many are thinking that right now. It has everything to do with Facebook ads. And that's the part that I find that sometimes people are disconnected with is, as I, I have a way of teaching that is a very, it's very annoying to people. Because I am I have never been trained traditionally in education. I've never been trained as an educator. I have only ever been trained by business people that are multimillionaires, on how to create maximum money. That's it. And so every time that I do something, it's based around what brings in the most amount of finances, not education, not impact, not what produces success for people. But I bring it all around to something that does produce success for people. And the core, under arching way that we do this. I don't know if y'all caught on to it. Maybe you can leave in the chat if you have. You can raise your hand. The core, under arching way of both educating, helping people get results with their Facebook ads, and coaching, as well as sales and marketing. Because ultimately, I think sales and marketing without bringing in sales. You don't have a business. If your business was making $30,000 this month in recurring revenue would that solves some problems for you? Would that ease up some of your fears and worries and tension? Would that allow you to relax a little bit? You want to know what I was just doing 30 minutes before this call.

[694:01] Speaker 0: I have a video of it. I was while I was dressed like a Roman Senator right there as if Rome was in Hawaii. But no, I was I was literally in my pool, sipping on a drink. This is me look at see the time today. 10:22am. That was an hour ago. And then I dumped my phone in the pool. Because I'm trying to learn how to swim without any hands. I had the drink in one hand, and I was in the pool and the other. Why? Because this is how I prepare to teach people. This is how I get ready for sessions like this. I don't pour over notes. I don't have notes ever. When I teach anything. In my coaching group, I don't have notes ever. And yet people pay me monthly to listen to me ramble on and on and on about stuff that, quite frankly probably doesn't matter to most of them. But the ones that are willing to find the golden when I talk about are able to now we're losing people off the stream. We got like four or five people just jump off. It's awesome. I love it. I can literally time when I'm going to shift the conversation to how many people are going to log off because they don't want to hear what I'm going to say next. It's very interesting. I've been doing this long enough when you've been doing this how long I have for 21 years. You notice and recognize patterns. Pattern Recognition is the number One key to you being able to get results with your Facebook ads, being able to recognize patterns, how many of y'all understand how to recognize patterns. In your everyday life, maybe you see weird correlations to things that you're like, I don't know if that's related, but I think it might be something like that maybe there's something going on there. As far as that goes, that right there is actually one of the number one skill sets that's gonna help you get results with your Facebook ads. Here's the issue with that though, most people who are really, really good with pattern recognition, are probably the least likely to be able to be successful with the Facebook Ads Manager. And so this is like this paradigm shift that I've noticed, with how I can help people deliver impact. I used to freak out before I didn't webinars had to be perfect. Now, I found that I just need to learn how to call my nervous system down to where it says if we're having dinner together, and I'm wet and I'm just like, at the highest, most excited, childlike state of energy. That's me, at one years old right there. Kinda looks like my son as well. We sent my son though, does look more like my wife every single day. He really does.

[746:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: He's, he's growing. Oh, my gosh, I love him so much. He's amazing. He's my favorite thing. And he's the reason why I keep doing what I do my wife and my son, here's him right here with his grandpa.

[751:24] Speaker 0: Here's my son, right here with his grandpa. It was him. He's 14 months old. And, gosh, I learned so much about ads, we've lost another four people on the call, they're gone. They disappeared, they logged off. They're sick and tired of Jeremiah rambling about ish, that doesn't matter, I'm gonna get that I'm probably gonna get hateful emails from like, at least two of them that are like 10 paragraphs long about how I wasted their time that they demand compensation financially for the last 45 minutes happens every time I host a webinar. Every time I host a webinar, I have people that write me and demand some form of compensation for the 45 minutes that I wasted of their life. And then a few words of advice as to how I should never be in business. That's usually what I get from people. It's great. Because I'm not a professional. That's because I don't act professional. Because I don't work professionally. Because I don't operate under the the rules and regulations of professionalism. Because I've chosen not to I operate outside of the boundaries of what everybody tells you to do. But I operate within the boundaries of the law. Does that make sense? Let me say that again. In business, I operate outside of the boundaries of what everybody tells you that you should do. But I operate inside of the boundaries of the law.

[780:05] Speaker 0: I don't do anything that's illegal. But I operate very similarly to that. Of a pirate. This would be a great example of what I believe

[785:15] Speaker 0: in irreverent, drunk, alcoholic scallywag. Navigating across Davy Jones locker seeking loot person that I would identify with, but I'm a good pirate, right? I'm not somebody who robs people or commits illegal viral violence. Let me let me let me see if AI has is. Is there a word for a good pirate that doesn't break the law or hurt people or do anything illegal? We're going to ask AI if this exists, right? Is it illegal to be a pirate probably is. Let's ask chat GPT this question right here. Let me see actually, you know I'm going to ask Gemini. Let's ask Gemini because Gemini is the one that I've been using the most. Is there a word for a good pirate that doesn't break the law hurt people or do anything illegal? A Privateer, a Corsair a Buccaneer a gentleman or a gentleman pirate. There we go. Robin Hood. Captain Jack Sparrow. That's pretty good as far as that goes, right? swashbuckling adventure that embodies the romantic image of that that has a strong moral compass that does good and it's more heroic than anything else. In fact, I would probably who's the guy? Orlando balloons character, right. Orlando Bloom. Pirates of the Caribbean. This would be an archetype probably Will Turner There we go. And Elizabeth Swann, I'm less of a Jack Sparrow and more of a Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. Right. She grew up in royalty. Elizabeth Swann, how many y'all watch the Pirates of the Caribbean? Right? I would probably more identify with Elizabeth Swann. And Will Turner operating within the bounds of the law, not breaking the law, having friends in high places, wealthy friends and being able to do things with pirates and things like that. And here's the thing, Facebook is like the open seas. Facebook, I mean, it's blue for crying out loud, blue ocean. Have y'all ever heard of the Blue Ocean Strategy in business? It's an incredible book, How To Create uncontested market space to make competition irrelevant. And by the way, that's what I believe that I do every single day that I show up in business, as I create uncontested market space to make competition irrelevant. When you understand how to use Facebook ads, you're able to do that. And by the way, this is a great book. It's very technical. As far as it goes, it's a very technical book. It's a Harvard Business Review Press book. But it's sold 4 million copies. And if you're in business, and you ever want to run Facebook ads, you need to read this book, Blue Ocean Strategy, I need to read it again. Basically, it's about this blue ocean strategy presents a systematic approach for making competition irrelevant outlines, principles and tools any organization can have to capture and create blue ocean space. What is the difference between red ocean in business versus blue ocean? red ocean defines an existing market with many competitors. Whereas blue ocean is uncontested. And red ocean you need to beat the competition, exploit existing demand, make value cost trade offs. Now, here's the thing. What I do is highly red ocean. I teach Facebook ads to coaches and mentors. My competition is fierce want to know my largest competition. He's way wealthier than me. But he's been doing it for less time than me. I've been doing it longer than him. Alex Hormoz. He is one of my number one competitors today. He's been doing it longer than me. He has incredible books that I'd recommend 100 million dollar leads. I would highly recommend you watch his content. He's probably the closest to myself of anybody that I have found out there that teaches this stuff. Because he is equally as irreverent and crazy somewhat as I am. But he's calculated. He makes these videos where he's pouring egg whites into Hershey's syrup

[865:07] Speaker 0: on his business page. Why? Because it makes him a whole lot of money.

[868:24] Speaker 0: He's dialed in. Absolutely. I'm probably less dialed in than he is. But again, I've been doing Facebook ads longer than he has. I've been doing lead generation longer than he has. But again, he's made a lot more money than I have. So I can't go out there and say that I'm better than him in any way. We're just different. We're about the same age. He's a little bit younger than me. But I would say by definition, he would be one of my number one competitors and he made a post the other day that says that nobody can compete with him. Because he works so hard to make sure that nobody can compete with him. And I laugh at that and I say Interesting, Alex. Here I am. You know, yeah, I am more reachable than he is. Well, that's the thing when you reach certain levels like he has, you want to become more on reachable, more on touchable. How many of you all are nauseated by the amount of coaches and mentors and trainers that are out there that are unreachable and untouchable? His name is Alex Hermoza. And I'd highly recommend that you go pick up his books on Amazon as well. His book 100 million dollar offers is absolutely incredible. It's one of the best books that you could ever read about creating offers that are so good that people feel stupid saying no to them. As somebody y'all are offended by the word stupid here. Here's the truth. If I was to tell you this, I am going to give you a $100,000 car or $100,000 car today isn't really that incredible? anymore? I mean, if you look up the cost of a Cadillac Escalade, the cost of a brand new Cadillac. Well, that one's 38,000. But if you look up an Escalade, and you start shopping for one, look at the price tag on these brand new Cadillac Escalade $110,000 My wife and I have been shopping for one right now. We want to buy one. That's why I need to make the most amount of money off of this call. I need y'all to help me buy my wife and Escalade. How many y'all want to help me bye bye, Abigail and Escalade by Halston and Escalade contribute to the Escalade fund, right. Help us buy $100,000 car that we probably don't need, because we already have two others. But you know what? Big whoop, I'm gonna do it because I can. And somebody all, that's offensive, frivolously spending money on things that you don't need, when there are people that are starving. And some of y'all might even be that. And you might be offended by the fact of how flippantly I'm talking about wealth, and how much money that we're spending that we want to buy. But I want to tell you this, here's an offer that is so good, that you would feel stupid saying no to it. What if I promised you here today, I'm not promising you this here today. Understand that? Okay. This is a hypothetical example. By the way, you need to learn to think in hypotheticals if you want to be successful in your business you do. And some of y'all are. Not connecting the dots as to what this has to do with Facebook ads, I can tell.

[929:39] Speaker 0: This has everything to do with Facebook ads. Imagine hypothetically, I ran an ad that says, If you give me your name and email address, I will personally buy you a $100,000 Escalade and pay the taxes on you receiving it as a gift. And make sure to do so in a signed contract. And it will be in your name. And all you have to do is give me your name and email address. You don't have to spend a dime. Two things would happen. Number one, you'd say what's the catch sounds too good to be true. You wouldn't trust it. I get it. That's most of the reason why most of you are not selling through Facebook ads. Because most of you are making offers that sound way too good to be true to people with Facebook ads. They don't believe them. They sound ridiculous. They sound astronomical. And people are saying what's the catch? But here's the truth. I know that I know that. I know that some of y'all that are watching this here today. Because see, I don't even talk about this stuff in the first 45 minutes on purpose because most of the people that are not even capable of comprehending what I'm about to say at this point. And that's not a judgment call of them. I've just I've worked with 1000s of people that I understand human behavior and human psychology that most people mentally are incapable of having this conversation. They just can't. They're not ready yet. And it's no fault of their own. They're not a bad person. They're just not there yet. They're too obsessed with learning how to use the Facebook Ads Manager. They're too obsessed with learning. How does the ads manager work? What do I click on to upload my ads and they want need they would they think that what's going to help them be successful is if I just spent 30 hours with them and walked them through the ads manager. And yet those people would lose money. Not because my coaching is bad, but because they're simply not there yet with me. So for me, I have a process when it comes to running Facebook ads. That's important. And it's very important that you do this when you run ads, or you will lose more money. How many of y'all do not want to lose money with your Facebook ads? So it's not a trick question. It's a it's a real question, right? It's a real question. The reason you're here the reason that you're still listening to me flap my jaws and talk about stuff that, quite frankly, is probably annoying you at this point is because you don't want to lose money with your Facebook ads. So I appreciate that. And I can honor that. And I think that's amazing. as that goes, knowing what to click, do matter if your message is garbage, and doesn't connect and compelled to move forward. Oh, yeah, they don't. Exactly. But that's the thing. A lot of people have great messages. Samuel, are you able to come up and chat a little bit Corky? Can I bring Samuel up if he wants to? He or she? I don't know. Samuel could be a guy or gals name. I can't hear you Corky.

[977:42] Speaker 1: You can take me off if you want. I'm just I just want to know how to go forward. I definitely want you to be my coach. I just I want to get started now. So the more I can get going right now, if I can just get started on Facebook. I've got my copy whatever sales copy,

[982:10] Speaker 0: you got your copy you got your offer. Is it tested as a proven? Is it bringing leads already in?

[983:59] Speaker 1: No, no, no, it's not tested now. Yeah. So

[984:48] Speaker 0: we want to test it first before we start running ads is the thing.

[985:40] Speaker 1: Okay. Part of it. Okay, but how do I test it?

[986:48] Speaker 0: We'll make a really big mistake where they're trying to run ads and they haven't tested if it's gonna work yet.

[987:59] Speaker 1: Ah, test it first. So you want to test it

[989:04] Speaker 0: and you want to see do people respond to it? Is anybody interested in Samuel? Are you able to come up on on video? Let me know in the chat, if you want to, or just audio totally fine as well. Let me know. Anyways, I love having Corky here. Because I think you're I think you're a great cheerleader. For me. I feel very encouraged by having you here.

[996:48] Speaker 1: When the years that you've been successfully growing, I've been floundering. So I want to know what you know, so that I I'm not I don't have over the years. I want to get started. Yeah,

[1000:25] Speaker 0: what's up? Hey, Samuel, how are you? Yeah, man.

[1001:16] Speaker 2: How's it going? We'll see here. Join as a panelist.

[1001:54] Speaker 0: I'm doing good. Jason wants to know what the methods of testing are.

[1004:19] Speaker 0: We'll get to that in a sec. There we go. What's up? How are you? Are you able to bring your camera up? Or? Oh, yeah,

[1005:54] Speaker 2: give it a second. Hmm.

[1006:25] Speaker 0: Perfect.

[1006:44] Speaker 2: Video. There

[1007:12] Speaker 0: we go. Hey, what's up? I love connecting with people on video. I think it's great because you can you can see the body language and it's fun. And I'll tell you this, just just judgments of you, Samuel, I think you I think that you can crush it with Facebook ads. Because people that like look like you sound like you and have charisma and understand their messaging, crush it with Facebook ads. So why aren't you crushing it with Facebook ads? Or are you and you're seeing you're spying on me?

[1015:08] Speaker 2: I mean, I've been coaching people kind of like behind the scenes, as like an entrepreneur, like, okay, so I'm gonna help them course creators get their clients to do stuff. Okay,

[1017:46] Speaker 0: I gotcha. Which I suck at. So I really learned that part of this. Yeah, yeah.

[1019:29] Speaker 2: I'm really good at getting people to do stuff.

[1019:52] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, I'm really bad at that part.

[1020:42] Speaker 2: But you know, it's so interesting, because it's one thing that drew me to you, and I've been, I don't know, stumble across your mom's stuff years ago. And I was like, what? And then when I saw your stuff, I was like, I like this guy's unconventional approach. Yeah. I do understand that, that that works. You know, well, I'm

[1025:14] Speaker 0: really good as this again, I tell you this, and I just full transparency with everybody here. There are coaches out there. I think Samuel is one of them. Their superpower is helping people like take action. My mom is also has that superpower. She's really good at that. I do not have that superpower. I'm really good at sales and marketing. So I'm way better at sales and marketing than I am as a coach. Which is so interesting, because then I bring in all these coaches, and I tell my group this I'm like, I guarantee you, y'all are better at coaching than I am. But I can at least show you how to get clients right. And I'm probably going to do so in like probably the worst possible way. And I'm going to fail at it. But I'm going to try to do better and what I love is I've encouraged my clients to kind of hold me accountable. I tell them this. I'm gonna give you see an area where I could do better let me know They'll be like, Hey, you should do this, a lot of them are told me I need to stop rambling about ish, that doesn't matter. Um, however, I have found that when it comes to me doing webinars that there's an advantage to doing that. And so, I've, I've found that it does one thing that's very important with me. And this is the part where you mentioned, knowing what to do, what to click, doesn't matter if your message is garbage or doesn't connect with people, that's part of it. But here's the thing. I've known a lot of coaches that have a message, that's really good. They create the best courses, and they can't get anybody to buy from them. They can't sell it. So and that's what I found is it's almost like that's the niche that I've kind of carved out, is really, really, really good course creators and coaches, the ones that are like the upper tier like, because what I'm looking for, as I as I'm sort of like a like a sneaky talent scout, as my goal as I'm trying to find the best of the best of the best people that are out there. The ones that honestly are probably going to be the next Alex for Mozi or the next Sandy Rakowski or the next Jennifer allwood. Or Rick Pino or Ed, my lat that are out there in it. And Samuel, I think you're one of them. Oh, yeah.

[1061:06] Speaker 2: I get told this a lot, like behind the scenes when I just got off a two hour call with a lady this morning helped her get a massive breakthrough on something. But one reason I'm on this call today, and I'm glad you brought me up to talk to you. One of the ladies I'm working with, she is that course creator. Okay, she has the 10k offer that sells to the right person every time they see it. Yeah. And she's at a place where she's like, I've created this amazing thing. And I'm kind of I've been helping her since last November. And she just had a $40,000 month with very few, very, very few people were we're

[1069:50] Speaker 0: not running Facebook, trying to give her a $400,000 month, right, because she's got an event. And that's quantifiable if you if you know what, what, oh, it's

[1072:32] Speaker 2: just a matter of, and I've been talking to her about the Facebook ad strategy. I'm like, Look, you know, you got an event coming up in May. It's March, we need to start promoting you, you need to put you need a Facebook ad, I've been helping her pull together some reels that are like, and I'm trying to get her to get to the place where she's willing to get a little saucy. Like what you're talking about the unconventional. Yeah. And that's the hardest part. He's still stuck on that, like claim perfect image, you know, in the industry. She's an and I'm like, Look, you know, there's more than one phrase. There's one phrase that kind of came up and some of the back work we've been doing. And it's this phrase right here. It's like, I just want to be able to and when she said one of her students said, I just want to be able to set boundaries without feeling like a bitch. I got it. Okay. Well, like everybody on the Zoom went. So how do you say that in a Facebook ad where it's like it? Because that that

[1086:52] Speaker 0: Facebook ad? Well, here's what you say is you get a little bit more into the psychology of it. So that was created a Facebook ad around that? Does she teach boundaries? So that a big thing?

[1089:04] Speaker 2: That's a huge piece of like watching as this

[1090:00] Speaker 0: and so what's the area that she helps him?

[1090:38] Speaker 2: She actually trains a home organizers to run a run a work two days a month process?

[1092:23] Speaker 0: Are you so here's the thing. So are you are you a home organizer who's struggling to be able to to actually make the kind of money you you want to make, you know the impact that happens with people, but then you got all these crazy clients that have no boundaries. Why? Because the fact that they have no boundaries is why their home is a mess. So the fact is, you're dealing with some people that just are kind of a little bit crazy. And then you don't want to have no empathy for them. And you show up, and then they hate you, because you're just trying to help them. And then they think that you're like the worst possible thing, how many all have been demonized by your clients before I've experienced it myself as well. It doesn't have to be that way, though, there's a better way to be able to help your clients get results, as well as for you as a homeowner organizer to make the kind of money that you want to make. And I want to show you how to do that. We're hosting a live event here. It's about an hour long. We're going to meet up on Zoom, we're going to talk about this. And I want to give you one breakthrough. That's gonna take you to the next level. But you got to register right now it's free. Listen, I know this sounds crazy. And it might even sound unrealistic. But I've been doing this for 20 years. And I can help you as well. Jump in, take a chance on this. I can't wait to see you there. And so that's how I would script out the Facebook ad for

[1111:59] Speaker 2: that's beautiful, beautiful. That's awesome. Yeah, that's and that's what

[1113:03] Speaker 0: I do with a lot of my clients is when we're in our accelerator, I help them script out a lot of their ads. And I help them come up with what those things are. I mean, you could probably take what I just did just now and run that as an ad and it might not be the best ad because I like to do a lot of testing. And that's one of the things is I would start with that as a baseline. I would bring that script into chat GPT and I would massage it a little bit and I would try. And I would try to really amplify the emotional response in people, while not sounding unprofessional, as what it is. And so, but using language that does trigger the person, because you want to be triggering in the language, but you don't want to do so in a way that turns them off turns off the right people, you want to really turn off the people that are not going to actually take action with you. Because here's the thing, there's a lot of people that are going to come through your her pipeline, that they have no intention of actually organizing. They just want somebody to justify their failures. Yeah, yeah, that's it is what they tell them. It's the year okay, it's not your fault. You're. And by the way, I'll tell you this, if you want to really do well, with Facebook ads, add a little bit of that in there, sprinkle in some of the justification of their failures.

[1134:14] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. Because a lot of times, it seems like the people that really do want the help. They already know what to do. They just need somebody to validate that they're doing the right thing. You know, it's crazy how much that's the case. And

[1137:30] Speaker 0: have you ever have you ever read the book. It's called by Blair Warren, you know, book I'm talking about.

[1139:30] Speaker 2: That name. Sounds familiar.

[1140:11] Speaker 0: Let me pull it up here. The book is called I'm gonna pull up the it's called the one sentence persuasion course. 27 words to make the world do your bidding sounds like a supervillain would read this book and write it, right. Sounds like somebody who also really wants to learn how to run Facebook ads would read it. I've actually never read the book before, which is interesting. But I teach a lot of people tell me that I teach what's in the book.

[1146:56] Speaker 2: I need to read it eventually. To get that on my that'd be my next audible book for people will do anything.

[1148:08] Speaker 0: For those who encourage their dreams. justify their failures. And that's one of the big ones that I noticed that a lot of coaches refuse to do is justify people's failures. allay their fears, confirm their suspicions, right? I did that in the first five minutes. Yeah. And throw rocks at their enemies. I've been doing that the whole time. Never heard that sentence. I've heard that. Yeah, I'm sure you have if you've been around online marketing, because the idea is, people will do anything for those that do that. And you want to know the people that do that the best politicians, presidential candidates are Yeah, their entire framework is Blair Warren's five step process. And one of the and I added a, I added a sixth step to this, that people have for coaches. And this is my kind of sixth step is that they will buy anything that you offer, if they believe that you can deliver the transformation that you promise in their life. Right. And so you have to be willing, and what you got to do is you got this, you have three seconds, three seconds to help somebody make a decision. If they're going to spend the next 10 seconds with you on a Facebook ad. You have three seconds to demonstrate to people. Let me see if I need to pull this one up. So this is another quote that I did not come up with, but I'm going to tell you who did and what's

[1172:57] Speaker 2: your favorite way to get them to grab them in three seconds. Well, here's

[1173:57] Speaker 0: what it is. So Jordan, Jordan Belfort. You know, Jordan Belfort is, Oh, yeah. Well, I tell everybody to read this book, because this is what I base everything that I do off of. Remember, by the way, remember, I mentioned I'm doing everything I can to not go to jail like this guy did? Yeah,

[1178:42] Speaker 2: right. Yeah, that's crazy.

[1179:26] Speaker 0: I'm going to watch The Wolf of Wall Street. Definitely not a kid appropriate movie. He went to jail went to prison for defrauding people in the stock market. And this book, is his playbook on how he did so. And I encourage everybody that I coached and we've lost a couple more people on this call now that I pulled Jordan into this. Because it was like, Okay, I can't trust anything. Jeremiah has to say no, it's fine. Those that have ears to hear and are willing to understand this. And I don't agree with everything that's in this book. And I wouldn't say that he's a role model to anybody.

[1190:48] Speaker 2: You know what I'm saying? things right, that right? But

[1191:36] Speaker 0: he has some really good stuff in here about sales, and particularly about advertising. It's actually one of the best books on how to run ads. It's out there. He calls it the straight line selling system. And what he says is this, one of the key quotes from the book is this is that you have four seconds to demonstrate that you are sharp as a tack, enthusiastic as all get out and the number 1x For in your field of expertise, you have three to four seconds to demonstrate and to build belief in people that you are sharpest attack, enthusiastic about what you're talking about, and an expert in your field. Okay. So that's a blueprint for running Facebook ads. And Jordan taught that and the reason why I talked about this, and I give credit to somebody like Jordan, some of y'all are like, Why would you talk about that guy? He's so unethical. Here's why. Because Jordan is going out there finding people like me that he can sue for stealing his content. And so if I did not give reference to Jordan, for that piece of information that I just shared with you, I'm asking for a lawsuit from him. But I guarantee you, if his team watches this right now, they'd be like, hey, great, that's what we want people to do want the people that tell people to go watch Jordan? Right, exactly. Again, I'll tell you this again, I don't I don't endorse some of his choices, his lifestyle choices. I don't think, you know, I he's not necessarily a guy that I would say I would strive to be like, and he would be like, yeah, it's probably smart for you to say that, right? You know? Yeah. 100%. But like, you know, this is him. And he's he has some of the best sales content on the planet, about sales and marketing, and advertising. Here's him on a jet right there. Right. So if you think about this, what can we learn from that? Well, you got three to four seconds when you run a Facebook ad for somebody to believe that they should do business with you? How do you do that in three to four seconds. It's about your body language. It's about the tone of voice that you have, and the words that you use in that moment in time. And it needs to have a sort of musical cadence to it to pull people into the narrative. And so one of the best ways to open your Facebook ads is by identifying who they are, what problem they have, and what solution you offer. So whenever I run an ad, I usually lead with that. Are you a coach or mentor struggling to get clients you've been trying to run Facebook ads, and you're overwhelmed by the fact that Zuckerberg keeps shutting you down, and nothing seems to work for you. So what I'm doing is in three seconds, I'm pulling people into the narrative so that they make a decision because there's two decisions that happen when you're running Facebook ads. And by the way, what I'm teaching y'all right now, some of y'all are still saying, I want to learn how to use the ads manager, I want to do that, I'm giving you guys the deep tactics that you would normally have to pay 10s of 1000s of dollars to learn from people. And I'm literally just giving it to you guys in this video for free. So you have three seconds. They see the ad on their newsfeed, how many of y'all scroll social media and ignore the ads. That's one of the worst things that you can do. I want to flip that for you. I want you to scroll your social media, and pay attention to the ads. I teach people about doing digital detox, often spending days off of social media. I think that's very healthy. It'll help you do better in your business to get off of social media. But what I do is I have strategic moments and what I call social media addiction on purpose. Here's why. Because the people that we're advertising to are addicted to the platform. They're hooked. It's a drug. And the drug that people are consuming, the most that's impacted their life the most comes not through their mouth, but through their eyes and their ears through this little device right here. Okay, if you don't realize that that's going on. I'm sorry that I've just blown open the lid as to what's actually happening on social media. Their goal is to get you hooked on a visual and audible drug so that their share of price goes up. And how do they make money for their shareholders with advertising. So quite literally, by me teaching you this, I am teaching you how to amplify the shareholder price of one of the most addictive drug companies on the planet. And by definition to some people that makes me one of the most evil people they've ever met. And I get messages all the time when people actually realize what I'm teaching. They have a major moral and ethical problem with what I share. Because I'm teaching you how to inject yourself into the addictive platform to spend money with these companies that are keeping people hooks that are changing the chemical and neurological structure of people's brains that are shifting the hormones in their body. Did you know that when you scroll social media, the hormones in your body are actually being shifted by the algorithm. It's the same way pornography works. When somebody watches pornography, it shifts the hormones in their body. That's why it's so addictive. Social media is the same exact thing. And the algorithm is designed to know exactly what triggers you exactly what will keep you hooked. Exactly what will keep you scrolling, so that you can't get off of it. And when you feel stressed out, nervous, afraid, worried. They are there with the drug to keep you so that you can numb out, zone out and feel just a little bit less of the pain that you're feeling in your everyday life. And the way that they amplify that for people was they create experiences and narratives that amplify fear in your life, such as fear of being canceled, because you're not doing what everybody else is doing, such as not voting for a certain person, not wearing a mask in public. These things, whether you realize it or not. And yes, I understand there are many people that died during COVID. And I'm not here to put on a tinfoil hat and create a whole conspiracy theory around it. But I am telling you how corporations benefited from it, because that's the truth. They figured out that if we can keep people on a rollercoaster ride of gaslighting them with rage and anger and fear, and then happiness and joy, and we move people from the dopamine and oxytocin, you're all familiar with dopamine and oxytocin. When you see an attractive person on social media, when you see something that you agree with, when you see a puppy, or a cat, that triggers the or a baby on social media, my best engagement is when I post pictures with my son, most engagement, I get best Facebook ads, when I'm in my swimming pool, best engagement, because it triggers that up and down feeling that people have then they show you something you disagree with something you're angry about something about people getting hurt, getting harmed something about an election, something about some sort of misinformation. And what it does is it gaslights you and triggers your home hormones in a psychological wave pattern that they have tuned perfectly to identify exactly what keeps you coming back again, and again. And again. And if this doesn't piss you off, I don't know if you're alive. So here's what I encourage people to do. get pissed off, stay off social media for three days, a week, a month, however long you want, and then come back after you've gotten off the drug, and learn how to run Facebook ads that inject your message of hope and positivity in front of the people that are hooked. Because that's what coaches and mentors can do. And that's what we can do to create a positive impact in the world around us. But the problem is this. To do it, you have to play the exact same game the algorithm does. Because you can't pull people out of that drug addiction and take them cold turkey to your message. They won't want it. So you what you have to do is you have to wean people off of it. You have to give people instant gratification of some kind, something that triggers that instant gratification, then you do something that angers them, that upsets them that pisses them off. Why do you think I ramble for 45 minutes at the beginning of my webinar. It's intentionally designed to do one thing to produce more money in my bank account. That's it.

[1350:18] Speaker 0: And that's what I teach my clients how to do, how to hook people in with offers that use artificial intelligence so that they can psychologically extract as much finances out of their coaching clients as possible. And if that doesn't piss you off, I don't know if you're alive either. The fact that I actually know how to do that, the fact that I actually know how to do that. And it's quantifiable, and I'm not the first person that actually said that the way that I just said it. You want to know who actually did. His name is Dan Kennedy. How many of y'all know who Dan Kennedy is? You heard name Dan Kennedy, Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer actually mentored my mom. They were met, my mom was in their mastermind gkc. Back in the day. And this is Dan Kennedy right here. And he wrote one of my favorite books that I tell everybody they need to get when it comes to sales and marketing. When it comes to making your Facebook Ads work, it's called The Ultimate Sales Letter. This book is the blueprint on how to psychologically rewire your campaigns to make them irresistible to people, for two reasons, and two reasons only. To write well to sell big to attract new customers and boost your sales, that is the only thing not to produce impact. Not to create success for your clients. One of the number one things that you need to understand is that I believe that producing results for your clients is important. I believe that delivering on your promises is important. I believe that actually doing what you say you're going to do when you do a presentation or webinars important, actually delivering on that as important or you're wasting people's time. Here's the thing, though. I said this at the beginning, that if I actually told you the truth about what's going to make your Facebook Ads work, you wouldn't believe me. And it would piss you off. And you wouldn't do it. Because how many of you are unwilling to get people hooked on the dopamine cortisol cycle that the social media platforms are doing just to make money. Most people are not willing to do that. They're not because they ethically believe that it's wrong. And if you study in ethics, and in business, by definition, what I'm telling you that you need to do to make your Facebook Ads work is ethically and somewhat morally ambiguous. But it's not illegal. Yet. It might be in the future. Because once more people understand what's really going on, I guarantee you, there is going to be legislation created around social media platforms to make it illegal to actually do what they're doing, because it is so sinister. And this is how they're able to shift elections. This is how they're able to control what you watch on Netflix, what video games you play, and they even get to control if you engage with pornography, or if you're going to commit a crime. Again, maybe I'm speaking out of my butt there. And I might get sued for saying that. Okay, Facebook is not encouraging you to commit crimes. I do not want Facebook to sue me for saying that. But what I'm saying is this. They amplify content that gets people and by the way, Facebook just appeared before Congress, that they were actually amplifying Congress around child trafficking. Zuckerberg was just at Congress on this. So again, I think they're fixing that. But it's actually quantifiable. In the US government that Facebook was not suppressing sex trafficking. Zuckerberg pushed back and says that it is ridiculous. The accusation is that Facebook is trying to be a premier sex trafficking website with evidence this would not go before Congress. If something of the sort was happening, like that, they don't waste their time on those types of things. Because the algorithm was amplifying what was keeping people hooked, based on what investors wanted, that was producing the highest stock market returns through advertising. And by you running ads, we are complicit in what is happening on Facebook. Because we are funding it. So hopefully, that convicts some of you, and maybe you have a bit of a moral backbone. And it actually makes you a little bit concerned about what you're investing your money into with Facebook ads. And it makes you take it very seriously. Now some of you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, all that I've gotten from today is that I don't want to run Facebook ads ever again. And I want to learn how to do organic traffic and I want to learn how to not well here's the thing, if you do organic traffic, you're just encouraging the same thing. Organic is what keeps people hooked. So you got to do even more of it with organic. You got to go even deeper into it at least with pay Facebook ads, you don't have to do it as much. Because you're paying to go in front of people with organic, you actually have to tune the algorithm to show the most addictive content to people with organic. And for years, I refuse to do this. And now I've decided, You know what, for me to be able to reach people, I'm gonna have to start doing this. And by me doing that, and, and posting on social media, and YouTube and all of this, I am complicit in all of the things that are happening, what's happening with artificial intelligence. Google is using YouTube videos, to take away jobs from people to make people homeless and jobless. And yeah, here I am telling you how to use artificial intelligence, we're hosting an event next week, it's three days long, where I'm gonna walk you through how to use AI to launch your business. By the very definition of what I am teaching to some people, I am considered one of the most evil people that is on the internet today. And I get emails all the time that are telling me that because I'm telling you how to use the algorithm in this way, how to use AI, to hook people in with your landing pages with your copy with your ads, to be able to do this, and how you can do so without being famous. Without having a famous mom like I do. Some of y'all are like who's your mom. You might not know who she is. Not everybody knows who she is. But this is my mom right here at Sandy Hook kowski. She's an author, she's a published author, she has a podcast, she has a an academy where she teaches people how to trade stocks. It's 30 bucks a month, my mom has been in business as a multimillionaire for 30 years in online marketing. Y'all don't have to have a mom that is 30 years and online marketing, you don't have to have been in online marketing for 21 years drill to do the things that I'm telling you how to do. What you do need to learn how to do is how to test things. You need to learn how to test your ads, you need to learn the testing process. You need to learn how to create an ad campaign and test it in a way that is not going to lose you money. And so what I'm telling you here right now, and we're gonna land this plane right here, because I get it, we've had some turbulence. As far as that goes, by the way, that turbulence, that metaphor of landing the plane, that is the same algorithmic motion that I'm talking about that keeps people hooked and engaged. It's by design. And here's the thing, I've been doing it long enough that I don't even need notes to know how to do it. I know exactly how to guide and direct conversation in a webinar, to manipulate the narrative to get people to buy from me, I know exactly what to say, to make it to where people legitimately feel an irresistible urge to spend a ton of money with me. But I work very, very hard to be ethical in this as well. Now you may not believe me because again, with somebody that knows what I know, why would you be ethical? Right? Some of you might be saying that, why would I be ethical, if I know how to do this. I think that with great power comes great responsibility. But most of the people that learn this and do this and teach this are not responsible. Now some people may find it irresponsible, that I give this information away for free. That this information should be reserved only for people that invest money. And that if I get this information in the hands of people that are that wish to do harm to others, I am complicit in them doing harm. In fact, if you are somebody who is watching this here today, and maybe you are who has a desire to hurt people, with your marketing and steal people's money,

[1503:20] Speaker 0: you might get away with it for a little while, but you'll eventually get caught. Because these methods work, whether you are a con man or somebody with integrity, they are not separated. And that's one of the things that I think people don't understand whether you're trying to con people or you're trying to help people with truth. The methods of sales and marketing are the same. So many people are so afraid of appearing like somebody that is evil. appearing like somebody that has no reputation. That is unprofessional. They're so afraid of looking that way. That that is why they lose money with their Facebook ads, the fear and worry is what drives you to waste money with the algorithm. And Zuckerberg knows this and they probably he probably amplifies content to you that knows that he's going to get you to spend money with him and you're going to lose money probably amplifies content because that's what I found. I found that when people think this way, they're usually getting amplified content around you know, be ethical dope. be like the people that are out there be different, be more immoral. Don't be like those evil people. Well, guess what, that's our great ideas. But sometimes you have to learn from the darkness to understand how to bring light into the world and go into places where there is darkness. And that's what I'm trying to teach you. And that's what I'm trying to share with you. And when you run ads, you got two seconds for people to decide if they want to do business with you got three seconds for them to decide one thing, am I going to continue watching this ad, that's the 10. second mark. By the 25. second mark, they have made their decision if they want to work with you or not. And generally, you will notice a drop off about 50% of the people that watch your ads will not watch past 25 seconds. The ones that get to watching the final 75 to 95% of your ad. These are the most qualified prospects, and the algorithm gives you a an an opportunity. But if you are creating video ads, by the way, some of y'all are like, I don't want to make video ads. Well guess what video ads are what's going to make you the most amount of money. So you might need to grow up and get over that, that thing that tells you that I am worried about looking silly to people on video, and I don't and I'm bad on video and video is bad. And I understand that maybe it's something I have no compassion for your pain, I do have compassion for it. Because I was somebody that struggled to make videos for a long time. And I got over it. And I learned how to not worry about what everybody thinks about me. And it made me a whole lot of money. When you can learn to not worry about what everybody thinks about you and you can learn to test things out, we test it out by seeing how do we get people watching at least 75 to 95% of our ad. And when you can get people to watch at least that much of it, you can create an AI audience where the algorithm will put those people into a bucket. And they can show your ads to those people more often. And that's how you run ads and you make money and you don't lose money. Problem is this. For most of you, I gave you the Blueprint here today on how to make your ads work. We're gonna go into our VIP now. And we're going to continue this conversation. And I'm going to take this a step further. And we're going to continue talking about this and I want to work with you, like I did with Samuel to rewrite some of your ads to come up with, how do you target it, I'll show you if there's a specific part of the ads manager that you're stuck on. I want to show you that. Here's the problem that I have. But most people, they're like, I'm stuck with the ads manager. Well, what part we'll just all of it, okay. But there's probably a specific part that you're stuck at. So I want you to maybe think about and get specific as to when you run ads, what part do you get stuck up. I have found that most people can't seem to articulate what that is. But if we, if they if they share their screen with me, or I walk them through the screen, which we can do in the VIP, they're like, oh, it's that part, that's the part that I'm stuck at. Okay, so that's what I want to do with you as I want to bring you into the VIP and I want to walk you through this. And then I want to also show you my process for testing. Okay. All right. So that's what we're gonna be doing, we're gonna be going into the VIP and we're gonna be doing that. So I'm gonna go log into that here, right now, if you do not have the VIP access, again, you don't need it. You probably won't do anything with it anyways. But there's the link right there. To that for the VIP. And for those of you that want to join me next week, for our three day AI offer Launchpad interactive lab event where we're going to work together to get all your marketing done. This is also free, you can register for that as well. We're gonna spend three days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, going over all this all your marketing, to create an irresistible offer that lures in your dream clients. And now when I told you about what we know how to do. So here's the thing, when you know how to use AI to do this, it's unstoppable. Because the AI is what the algorithm is built on. It's just an AI algorithm. So I'm going to show you how to tune the AI and test things out to be able to get the maximum results with your ads. And at number one, it always hinges on your offer and testing the offer and making sure that the offer is actually going to work for you. But you have to test it out and you don't have to spend a bunch of money to do so. Okay. So that's what we're gonna walk you through during the three day event. Next week. I'm gonna go hopping over to the VIP. I got a bunch of people writing me saying where are you? Where are you? I'll see you over there in a second. All right. Have a good one, y'all.

