Sales Letter and Landing Page - Lesson 2
Date: 2024-12-09T06:25:06.000Z
Duration: 23 min
Otter ID: WiO3DhcY1x2rxZStvV6NziE5ZOo
---

[0:05] Speaker 0: All right, so in this lesson, I'm going to break down how I use AI prompts to help me generate the best ideas for landing pages. And what's great is chat GPT is the best resource still at being able to do this. Okay, so what we're going to do is highly recommend you have a chat GPT account. Go get one, and you also may want to have a paid account with them. There's a couple of alternatives to chat, gpts paid accounts. There's abacus dot AIS chat LLM, which is only $10 a month, that gives you access to a bunch of different different algorithms and things like that that you can use. Okay, so that's that's one or another one is po.com this one is also $20 a month. It gives you a number of different AI algorithms. So I use a lot, a lot of these different algorithms on here, for the sake of the example, chat GPT is kind of the the bread and butter main one that everybody knows, and even the free one can do most of the stuff that you need to do for copy and all that. So remember, I mentioned the chat GPT prompt document. Let's go to that document right here, like I said, it's a working document, so we can generate a master prompt of ideas right here to start off with, okay, for any landing page, any lead magnet, let's see use the following below to generate a Lead Magnet for a class about reclaiming your confidence and setting boundaries in the workplace so you find your voice better and feel able To get a get a promotion specifically geared mostly towards women, but men can also attend. Don't mention gender in the copy. Okay, so that's kind of like the opening what we're gonna write the copy about, and that's one of the things, if you could, if you can articulate that, if you don't know what that is, you can brainstorm with the AI to kind of come up with a version of that. Really think about who do you help? How do you help them? How does your framework work? How does what you do help people the most? And one of the resources that I love too, when it comes to writing sales copy is the book, The Ultimate Sales Letter, by Dan Kennedy again right here. Highly recommend this book. You might notice the logo for this class is borrowed from this style right here. And he has this section the beginning of this book all about getting to the mind of the customer, the smart market diagnosis questions, okay, what keeps them up at night. What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are they frustrated with? What trends are occurring? What do they desire? What biases do they have? What special language do they have? What's been sold to them that's similar? You can learn a lot from that, and what has also been sold to them that has failed, and you can kind of figure that out and boil that all down, that's going to help you a lot with your sales copy. Okay, now generate the following ideas based on the above, and then we can paste that master prompt right here about the program, the niche and all that. And this is kind of what we can start with to come up with some of our sales copy ideas. Okay, so this kind of gives us all these different ideas, as far as like, what a program looks like, what we're going to actually be helping people with lead magnet, five steps to reclaim your voice and set boundaries at work, social media, content ideas. So this really is going to brainstorm a lot of the marketing upfront. And the reason why we're doing this, that I love is now, when we go to actually create our copy and things like that, look at it. It's already coming up with like, email, copy, marketing, headlines, detailed, Instagram, strip house, say no without feeling guilt. Okay, now I can start to write some sales copy for and what I do is I use a webinar for this. I'm gonna go down my chat, GBT prompts here. Here's what I use for sales copy for landing pages as I just go down these prompts every landing page that I start with, I do this list of prompting to start. Okay, so we're gonna go step one. We're gonna paste the text in the lowercase text. We're gonna see what this comes up with. Okay, ready to speak up and get ahead at work. See, that's a lot better than the one that's up here, but the one up there gave it ideas. Okay, let me ask you something. You ever feel like your ideas and effort? It's aren't going notice like you're stuck saying yes too much and staying late, you're not alone. Most professionals struggle. Here's the truth. Confidence is about being loud and bold. What will cover the three step formula, how to set boundaries up feeling like a jerk. This is awesome. This is great copy right there, and that's what I'm saying, that AI has got a lot better at doing this, but we're going to make it even better by adding these different prompts. That's a starting point. These prompts are going to get to the root, and you're going to understand what your customer wants. These are the pieces that want it, that you want to go into your sales copy, and the AI is generating these pieces for you so that you can get really, really specific feeling of undervalued, over committed and overwhelmed, feel fear of conflict or judgment, self doubt and second guessing their worth and abilities, stagnation in their career. And you know, one thing that I might do too, there's an algorithm built into chat GPT called oh one. They've just released this. I want to actually have, oh, one create this response for me and see what it can output, because o1 is going to think a little bit longer about it, and it's going to really dive a bit deeper into the ideas constantly feeling overlooked. Difficulty saying no, if you're speaking up. Don't want to be pushy. They might think, I'm too busy for this. It's just another sales pitch, worrying that they're never going to advance in their job. Culturally conditioned to be good employees, to be known. So this is taking those Dan Kennedy ideas, the secret ardent desires. What is their built in biases? This is important when writing sales copy and sales letters ready to stop being the yes person and start getting recognition you deserve now that it speaks emotionally, and that's the key when you're writing sales copy is you pull the emotion into it. Your voice matters. Goodbye, under evaluate valuation. Tired of working hard and staying silent. It's not feeling like a background player in your own career. Career shouldn't feel like you're running a marathon while whispering your accomplishments. You're working hard extra hours. So this is really now it's crafting it into problem, agitate, solution copy, and then turning it into ADA copy feeling undervalued and overlooked at work. Imagine a workspace where your input is respected. Feature to benefit the feature is step by step, scripts. You'll know exactly what to say. So this is one of the mistakes that a lot of coaches make, because they lead with the features of what they coach on. You're going to get a live Q and a live Q and A you're gonna get proven covenants. No, you're gonna get personalized guidance. You're gonna develop unshakable self assurance. You're gonna know exactly what to say emotions after bite. They finally have a clear plan. They can't wait to apply these techniques in their life. They're empowered the dream outcome. Alright, now let's go in. Let's generate the epiphany bridge right here. Okay, so the epiphany bridge is what takes somebody from an idea to action. They they have an epiphany. They have a a moment in time where they realize that this is what they need. Okay? So the main problem feeling undervalued, reclaiming their confidence. How I overcame the issue of feeling undervalued? I remember sitting in yet another meeting bursting with ideas, but too afraid to share them. The struggle wasn't just about sharing my thoughts. It was about believing that my voice mattered. I wanted so badly to feel confident. Okay, so these prompts are great because, again, this is all a lot of great data to start with, but it's not the final, end all, be all, and that's why I go in, and you're not going to take a lot of what it's generating right now. This is just generating training data for it. What we're doing is we're developing the AI to really understand our customer better, because just one single prompt isn't enough to do it. But when we go step by step like this, it really, really, really starts to dive in

[148:49] Speaker 0: to how we help people, what we do, what the outcome is, and how to go further than that, all right, the outcome results generator, this one is really, really cool. Okay, step a, Step B, we're gonna do step a first we have it generate an ultimate outcome of somebody who works with this coach. The ultimate outcome is they're confident and empowered. 35 year old project manager. So this is creating a story, a narrative,

[159:07] Speaker 0: of the life that you're gonna then reflect back to them in the comments. Copy. And that's what really good sales copy does, is it understands their story, who they are, what they want to learn, what they're what they're struggling with the most. Okay, so each of these prompts is pulling out another layer of the gold in the sales copy. That's why I go down the list one by one, and it really starts to generate that gold. Now you might be saying, Jeremiah, this isn't how I would say it. This isn't the tone that I would use. Can I tell you this when it comes to writing sales copy, when it comes to writing sales copy like this, you want to use the tone that persuades people, and you're trying to mirror their tone of voice, not how they talk, and what they think is elegant and beautiful and amazing and and I meet a lot of people where they try to make their copy this, like elegant work of art, when truly it's just about speaking in a teenage voice. Really it is. It's like a it's like a teenager talking and their inner teenager voice that's telling them and validating what they need to take action on.

[176:55] Speaker 0: Okay, so we did that. Results generator part two, right there.

[178:22] Speaker 0: We're not even going to read through it. We add this last one right here, the storytelling, sales letter copy framework, and we have two versions. It's going to be one in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone, because that's what all good sales copy is. And then the next one is going to be rewritten in the tone of Sandy Krakowski. Now Sandy Krakowski, again, for those of you that know, don't know that is my mother and her and I actually built a business over at a real change com. This business that I have today is a continuation of a lot of what we built together over the years, my mom spent 31 years in business building several seven and eight figure companies. We built them together, and the AI actually has been following. It has over 31 years of the work that we've done in its data set of the way that we wrote sales copy, and so I love it because of the of the authentic, the authenticity when we add this in there. And a lot of it's what I actually wrote, which is really, really cool, too. So a lot of my work comes across in there. Okay, now this is what the final sales letter, and this is really the one that we're going to use and we're going to edit, we're gonna play around with tired of feeling overlooked. Let's fix that. Are you tired of putting in extra hours, staying silent in meetings? I know what it's like. I've been there too. I remember sitting, and this is key. I've been I know what it's like. I've been there too. I remember sitting in countless meetings filled with ideas, but too afraid to speak up. I'd stay late to take on extra tasks and hope somebody would notice. Every time I wanted to set a boundary, I'd hear this little voice saying, what do they think I'm difficult? What if it backfires? So you're speaking to their inner voice in all of this, it wasn't draining. Here's the thing, imagine walking in feeling confident. That's exactly what I cover this webinar. Now the sandy Krakowski tone is this ready to stop feeling invisible. Let's fix it together. Can I be real for a second? Are you bursting your butt at work, taking on extra projects, and still feel like nobody notices? See, this is, this is incredible sales copy right here, like you're stuck in the same spot. I get it. I've been there. I used to be the person who said yes to everything, and I thought that's what you had to do to get ahead. But guess what? It didn't work. Instead of getting promoted, I got passed over. Then one day it hit me, nobody's gonna advocate for me if I don't advocate for myself. This is this is so good, like this is killer sales letter language. This is exactly what you're wanting. It's exactly the style that we're wanting right here for our sales copy. Okay, now there's a few other points optional. If you want to expand the pain points a little bit, you can do that. So don't lean too heavily on pain as well. Let's go to the headline generator, because, like we mentioned, and this where we're going to stop the lesson. We're going to use this to actually generate a headline based on this style. You're going to be able to, even if you XYZ objection, speak up, get noticed and earn the promotion you deserve, even if you're afraid of being seen as difficult or unsure of where to start. Okay, now watch, generate me 20 more headlines like the above. This is where it gets fun. Reclaim your confidence, set boundaries at work, even if you struggle to say no your whole life. This is creating some great versions of this. Okay, now this is where we go in, and I might use oh one. We'll select oh one from the drop down right there, and it's going to use oh one to generate, to combine them all for the best, strongest version. It's going to start to think and analyze all of that to create a unified message. Reclaim your confidence, set boundaries, get the promotion you deserve, even if you've been overlooked for years. Feel unsure where to start and have struggled to speak up. Now. That's pretty good. Whoops. That's pretty powerful. That's a great. A piece of sales copy right there. I love that. I love what that was able to create. If we use GPT four, since they became your comments get recognized as approach, even if you start been struggling with saying, no doubt yourself, I feel invisible at work. So oh, one really did it the way that I wanted it to, which is awesome, and that's why I like using it for not everything. It's not the best at everything, but for certain, like, let's combine it all together and come up with the best type tasks, not like writing long things, but like individual headlines and stuff. Oh, one is really, really good for that. Reclaim your confidence, set boundaries, get the this is such a good headline, right there. All right, we can come up with a title for our webinar. Can generate this with a four Oh, there's a limited number of oh one prompts you can use. That's why we do say that I'm hosting a live webinar. Generate me 20 possible titles. Speak up and get noticed. The confidence and boundary setting blueprint for your career webinar. Outline generator. Look at this. This is a new one that we added. This is so cool. You

[260:56] Speaker 0: can take this and have it actually generate us an outline for our webinar.

[264:32] Speaker 0: Sales Letter is above, let's have a generators, an outline. Warmly welcome the guests. Today, we're going to break free of feeling stuck, personal story, address their pain, start casting vision. Build credibility now we give them practical strategies, what to do. Set boundaries out feeling guilt, speak up with confidence. Position. This is great for generating sales pitches, webinars and things like that. This is the perfect outline for creating a webinar, which is awesome, using the AI to be able to do this actually filtered a lot of my teaching into that and generated this All right, so anyways, this gives you a lot of information, a lot of data that you can start with. One fun thing that I like to do is I will take all of this,

[279:35] Speaker 0: okay, and now I might say, generate a storytelling based sales Letter for the webinar using all the details below details, and I'm going to paste everything that it already generated, and I'm going to see what it can come up with by pulling in all the text that it's already made back into this. Are you tired of working hard, staying late? So I did was I pulled all of what it made, and I had it remake it one once more. I know it's like, I feel there too. I used to be the person that would say yes to everything, but guess what? The strategy didn't work so they can recognize I was passed over, just just everything. But then everything changed. I if I didn't advocate for myself, no one else will. How to reclaim your confidence. Here's what you'll learn, how to set boundaries up for your backlash. It isn't just a bunch of theory. It's a roadmap. Fill the practical steps that you can use immediately. Imagine this walking into work feeling clear and confident. That's exactly what you're going to learn from this. Don't miss this opportunity. This is actually really great, right there by taking kind of all those details and combining them together. Now rewrite the sales letter above, again, in the tone of Sandy Krakowski. Let's try that. Okay, but it's definitely invisible. Let's fix that, yep. So it just, it just took it a little bit of a step further than what it kind of had already made. These are just fluff sessions you can find on Google. These are real strategies myself. Yep, this is great. So that's the first stage that I do all the time when writing sales copy, is I take that and I'll bring this sales copy into a Google Doc, and that's where I start. Okay, so we're going to go into a Google Doc, we're going to paste this in here, and that becomes the beginning stages of our sales letter. Okay, let me go find the wonderfully powerful headline that it generated that we really like the most. We're going to add this to the top here, right? I'm.

[320:16] Speaker 0: It's the headline. Let's see generate me an image of a person who is struggling with the above and below issues. Okay, so watch this. It's going to generate an image that you could use of a person, and this is where X com has a tool that you can use for this. They have see, oh, you know what? Yeah, they got flux on here. They created this one called Aurora as well. That was really cool, but it looks like they took it down a day later. Alright, there's somebody struggling. Let's take this let's find the prompt that it used generate an image of this is with Brock, right here. There we go. Okay, so now there's an image that we could pull in and use like at the top of a sales letter right there. All right now I can tell the AI generate me an image of a person who is feeling confident after they applied and got results from the webinar above. Okay, by the way, Abacus chat LLM does this too. It has an image generator, po.com also does it's called Flux. So you can use flux inside of po.com flux pro grok also uses flux right here. They generate they had one called Aurora, they released yesterday, and looks like they took it down all right? There's somebody who's confident again. I don't want to use that image. Let's make one that looks a lot better. Now make an image of someone standing confidently. We go, Okay, awesome. She looks great. Join me for this webinar. Boom. Alright, so you're gonna go from this to this, and that's the that's the visual that you want people to have from that. Okay, so we're going to stop this training here, but that's exactly what we do, starting with AI to come up with ideas to create some visuals with this. And then if you have photos of yourself too, I'd love for you to throw some of those in there. Throw a bio of yourself in there. I'm going to show you how we translate this over to an actual sales letter and landing page and how this all works together in the next lesson, we'll see you there. You.

