Ocober 2024 - Start Your Own 6 Figure Online Course or Coaching Business
Date: 2024-10-08T18:14:18.000Z
Duration: 43 min
Otter ID: hDZkB0y-0AGpd1-Nb_ulcCnKC5w
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: Jeremiah Krakowski, Hey, what's up? Jeremiah Krakowski. Krakowski, here, welcome. Thank you for joining me for this training here today, I'm excited to take just a little bit of time with you to walk you through how to start your own online course or coaching business. Now, for those of you that I haven't met yet, that's been my background for the last 21 years, I built multiple businesses in that space to over ten million a year, and every single day, inside of my coaching program, the client growth accelerator, I walk people through step by step, how to start their businesses, how to get more clients and how to close more sales. In fact, that's part of our three step framework that I'm going to break down here in just a second for you, steps one, two and three that I walk all of my clients through on how to make their business work for them. Now, if you stick around to the end of this training, I have three free gifts that I want to give you, absolutely free, just for sticking around as well. I'd love to see you a part of my client growth accelerator program. This is our premier coaching program where I work with you, I come alongside you and become a part of your team to help you build your business, get more clients and close more sales. Now, the three step process that we walk everybody through involves taking their course or coaching program and getting people to buy it from them, and it goes through these steps. Number one, we help you find the right people. We help you promote to the right people. So we help you find them. We help you promote it, and then close more sales. Now you might be saying Jeremiah Krakowski yet, where I'm even ready to get more sales. I just want to start a business. I just want to create a program. I just want to create my first course, or my first membership, or whatever that is. We've helped people build courses, masterminds, membership programs, and you can see here some of our clients that we've helped Sandy Krakowski nine figures in her coaching business, using our system. Rick Pino, multiple seven figures. And in fact, actually it's eight figures now to this day, Joshua Giles, seven figures. Judy, six figures in her coaching business, Dr shandeep, training program that sells for $12,000 on his first ads test. And so these are testimonies of clients that we've worked with and helped them get massive results. And those are just a few of our case studies. Those are just a few of the people that we help. I've worked with 1000s of people over the last 21 years to do exactly what I'm going to be walking you through today. Now this is for the person who is what I call a bold, ambitious entrepreneur. You're somebody who is willing to put yourself out there. You're willing to do the work, you're willing to take risk. You're not looking for a lottery ticket if you're watching this right now, and you're looking for some fast, easy street lottery ticket, guaranteed printing cash way to make money that takes no work. I'm sorry, but that doesn't actually exist in real life. And if anybody's trying to sell you something like that, I wouldn't trust them, and you shouldn't trust somebody who tries to sell you that. But what I'm going to be giving you is a framework, a blueprint that I believe is the best place to start for creating a course or coaching business which has the fastest way to make six figures on the internet today. Just a little bit again about my background. I've been doing this for 21 years. I got my start working for a company where I was doing the video editing, helping put the courses together. We sold CD and DVD products back then, and then from there, grew to actually build multiple companies to over ten million a year in profit. To this day, this business that I have right now, we do seven figures a year in profit in this current business that I'm running, and we're on track to for this to be another eight figure coaching business. Now, what I tell everybody is this is that it starts with setting the right expectations. What you have to understand is this is that this business model is the best way for you to create seven figures for yourself. It's the best way for you to create six figures for yourself. Heck, it's the best way for you to create five figures for yourself. But what you have to do is you have to know where to start from, and you have to know what are the steps to do to get you there. And so by the end of this training, I'm going to be walking you through, step by step, what to do to get the ball rolling for you. If you don't know who to reach, we're going to help. You. Know that if you don't know how to put a course together, we're going to help. You know that we're going to walk you through what I believe is the best system for starting if you are a coach or course creator, getting things going for you. Now, some of the challenges that I noticed that a lot of people hit, and we're going to touch on this just a little bit before I go into the strategy here is a lot of times people will go through a course like this, they'll go through a training like this, and they will procreate. Fascinate. They will let perfectionism stop them. And let me be honest with you, I'm guilty of this myself. I am a let's get it perfect before we put it out there. Type of person, how many of you are like that? Right? I'm in the right room here, if you're like that, a person of excellence, somebody that wants to deliver results. And can I tell you this? I believe that the number one most important thing that you can do when you are creating a course or coaching program is to have in integrity, to be honest and to produce results. This is the number one most important thing when it comes to having a coaching or course, business right now, if we look at the industry as a whole, there's a lot of charlatans out there. There's a lot of people that are not honest. They don't have integrity, they're not truthful, they're fake gurus. They don't have experience. You know, I'm I'm proud and humbled, at the same time to say that I've been doing this for so long, and it's my passion to help people that are just getting started, how to start on the right foot, know what the right things to do are, so that they can be a person of integrity, so that they can stand behind their words. Is that they can get their clients results, and by the end of this training, you're going to be able to know exactly what to do. To be able to do that when you create a course or a coaching program. That's another thing about setting expectations. When we market it out there, when we reach people. Can I tell you this is that, can you guess how many people are actually going to buy it from you, right? Let's say you do all the things perfect. Let's say you follow exactly what I teach you in this training. Do you know what the percentage of people that you reach are that are going to buy it from you? And this comes from working with 1000s of people, because I want to set the expectation realistically with you. And most people don't know this, and they they think that if they're not getting sales upon sales upon sales upon sales upon sales, that they did something wrong. Did you know that most people only sell to about 3% of the people that they they meet, that they reach, meaning that if you get 100 people to tell them about your course, only about three of those people are going to buy it from you. Now you might be saying, Oh my gosh. Jeremiah Krakowski, I have 10 people to tell about my course, and this is where a lot of people get overwhelmed in the process, and so stick with me. That's exactly what I want to walk you through. It's how to make sure that you have something that is good enough to market that's marketable that people actually want how to present it in the right way, and how to show up in front of the right people to get them to buy it from you if you want to make six figures with a court your courser coaching program. By the way, we're not talking about selling 10, 20k programs. I have a $55,000 one on one coaching offer. But a lot of the offers that we help people with even fall into what we call the low ticket category. They're not massively expensive, they don't cost a lot of money to get started, and they even are easily accessible for people in this economy to use. Even my own coaching program if you're somebody who wants to work who wants to work with us, it's only $200 a month to start with, and I think that's very reasonable and affordable. Now, a lot of those clients go and work with me on a higher level with one on one coaching, but that's after they start to get results. And so briefly, what I want to walk you through is how to know exactly what people actually want. And what we do is we take what I call an alpha release approach. So the alpha release approach of creating a course is this, I'm going to write this down, alpha

[144:07] Speaker 0: release. Do you know what an alpha release is? So an alpha release kind of goes under a beta test, but it's actually before a beta test is if, in fact, Google might actually give us some better feedback on this an alpha release. If we look it up, it's a term under the phase of software. It's where somebody is developing something, and it's generally in the testing phase, it's ready to use, but we're testing it out to see, is it ready for people to try out. And so what we do is we're able to get feedback on it. Is this the right thing? What do people think about it? And what I tell people, what I teach my clients to do is to not worry about it being perfect when you first launch it out there, not worry about it having all of the right features. But in fact, start with an alpha release approach and then follow what I call the Law of 14 days. So the law of 14 days is. This is that a lot of times when I see people going to build their coaching or course business, they might learn a training like this, they might go through a training like this, and then they sit on it. And I meet people, and a year down the road, they haven't even done anything, and I ask them, what's wrong? And nine times out of 10 the answer they say is, Well, I'm just getting the foundations in order. I'm just getting my plan up. I'm just coming up with my idea. Okay, but after working with 1000s of course creators and coaches, the truth is they're not certain. They have fear. They have worry, and their their doubt, insecurity, and this is nothing against them. This is most people. I experience this myself. Every coach and course creator experiences this. But when you can learn how to get something to where it is good enough to put out there, not perfect, because, by the way, it's never going to be perfect, and the alpha release approach has an advantage, because you're able to improve it over time. You're able to take feedback from people that you work with and make it even better over time. We have systems that we walk you through on how to do that. When you give yourself the constraint of just 14 days to get different steps down. I'm not talking about everything, but you say, okay, at the end of 14 days, I'm gonna have this mapped out, and then you stick with whatever that is. I'll tell you, one of the biggest reasons why we take longer than 14 days is we don't feel confident in the things that we're doing, and maybe we have questions. That's why, if you work with somebody like myself, a mentor or a coach who can help guide you through this, it can save you a lot of time and effort, because you're able to optimize yourself, you're able to get questions answered, and you're able to know exactly what steps to take next in the process. Now, one of the greatest things has happened in the last two years is the advent of artificial intelligence, and I'm not talking about using AI to create your entire course or do things like that, but it's one of the greatest tools that exists for brainstorming and coming up with ideas for what to create with our course. And the best thing about it is is it's absolutely free. Chatgpt four Oh is now completely free to use, and we have access to incredible free artificial intelligence resources that used to cost us money before to get answers to questions that we have. If you don't have a chat GPT account, absolutely you must go to chatgpt.com chatgpt.com and create one. And I want to walk you through right now on how we are able to simulate our alpha release approach, to get clarity on what steps to take to create our course. And then I want to walk you through the tools on how to create your course or coaching program, and what we use to do that, and then how to market it. So by the end of this, again, you're going to be filled up with resources, with strategy, with exactly what to do. On top of that, I have those three gifts that I'm going to be giving you at the end of this training. So stick around watch through to the end of this. I think you're really going to be excited and happy about what we have planned for you here. Okay, now I want to go over to chat GPT. I'm going to walk you through what I believe is the best process to be able to map out and plan out and come up with ideas for your course. Watch this. Okay, even if you don't have an idea for what niche or topic to start with, you can ask chat GPT, this. Make me a list of 100 profitable niches or topics I could make an online course around, okay, and look at this. This automatically is going to start to give you different topics and ideas on business, technology, health and wellness, creative, Arts and Design. And yes, I know it's going really fast here, but you can read through these and you can check this out now. Watch this. Make this a bit broader, top level categories. Make me 100 more, much broader ideas. Okay, let's say you're like, I don't like any of those. Here's some broader ideas. You could do anything in these different realms, right here, personal development, Lifestyle coaching, education, so, so, so show so sciences, I can't say that's a tongue twister. Professional Development, personal development, I know a lot of people, they even do negotiation skills as one right here. So now check this out. Let's say that this is what you coach people on. Let's say that you help people with negotiation skills in their life and in their business. Okay, give me 50 sub niches of negotiation. Skills. And this is the beauty of this, is this is going to help you brainstorm and come up with ideas for what to do for this. So now this is going to give you different categories for negotiation. Let's say that you focus on real estate negotiation. Give me 50 sub niches of real estate negotiation, and we can keep dialing down, dialing down, dialing down, and finding ideas for what our course is. So we started at like this.

[248:11] Speaker 1: We started with

[248:46] Speaker 0: a top level idea, right? Okay, negotiation skills. Heck, it could be pain free birth. I know a lady that sells that I could be helping potty train kids. I know a lady that sells that she's my coaching program. Okay, top level, then you go sub niche, right here. So let's say this was negotiation. Sub niche was real estate negotiation, but then we could sub niche it down here, and we could say this is

[258:25] Speaker 1: first time home buyer

[260:12] Speaker 0: negotiation. Okay, so we sub niched it down to that level, first time, in fact, let's do this first time real estate property flipping negotiation. That's a great one, right here. Okay, I have a client in our group that does that even as well. So now let's say first time property flipping negotiation. Map out for me, we're gonna actually create a new chat GPT window. So we're gonna clear it. Because one of the things that chat GPT does is it takes all the stuff that you said above, and it takes a lot of that into account for what you're saying next. So I'm gonna clear it into a new window, and I'm gonna say, map out for me, eight to 10 modules for a course about and give me as well 10 additional ideas for other courses this type of person might want. Okay, so look at these. Are the modules right here that you could teach. And it's not that you're going to follow this exactly, but this gives you an idea for how you can come up with what your course is about using AI. Next look at this. Here's 10 additional courses that you could create, property flipping, 101, renovation on a budget, real estate investment for beginners, building your portfolio, financing your first flip. Okay, so now let's say that you take all of these right here. Take the above courses ideas and come up with a name for a group, coaching program, membership that could be sold for $197 a month. Make 20 name ideas. Look at this, flip masters, collective property flipping pro Academy, flip success society. And you can do this for any niche, any topic, and it's not that you're necessarily going to follow those exact ones that it gives you, but it helps trigger your brain. It helps brainstorm. If you follow along with this, if you take what I just did, okay, let me. Let me break it down again, step by step. There's not a lot of steps to it. It's actually so much easier than most people think. We started with asking it for an idea for a niche. Okay, if you already have an idea, whoops, let me pull up the chat GBT screen here, idea for a niche. We had it pull up sub niches of negotiation, and then more sub niches. And then we opened up another window and we said, Okay, make us an outline, and then come up with additional course ideas. Give us 10 additional course ideas, and right from there, we have a name for a coaching program. We have what topic to do. We can even take this now. Watch this generate me a marketing sales letter to promote with Instagram ads for the above program unlock the secrets of flipping property like a pro. Are you ready to turn your passion for real estate into a profitable business. Imagine confidently negotiating skills and look at this chat. GPT, right here starts to give you an outline for how to market it. We could take this right here and we can go into there's actually a really cool tool called meta.ai This is from face. Book and Instagram, and you could say, generate. And I like using this for stuff, for Facebook and Instagram, because it's their platform of AI that they're then giving you ideas for generate. Me 20 Instagram real ideas to promote this program. Watch this. Here's 20 Instagram real ideas, welcoming them. What is property flipping? Meet Your Coaches. Success Stories of members, proven success strategies. Let's say this, okay, act as an expert in Instagram reels and generate me 20 ideas to attract my target client to Instagram with this. Okay, watch this. Did you know series, tutorial, reel, Q and A session, myth busting, sneak peek, showcase, daily life. So these are all different ideas that it's able to give you for this. Now watch this. You could even go over to chat GPT and actually help have it describe a marketing photograph of the target client that would buy this program and be happy with it. Imagine a vibrant living room. Let's see. So it's going to create this description right here. Can you generate this as an image? And there's different tools for creating images and graphics and stuff that you could use for your marketing materials. And so I'm not going to go too deep into that, but that gives you an idea for how you can describe that that's actually a pretty good image. Let's copy the description over here, and let's copy it over to meta AI, and let's try to see what it does, to imagine and see what it generates as a image right here that you could use for the marketing right here. So meta AI is really cool, because you can use it to actually generate images that you can use in your marketing, like this. Okay. The other thing is, is that you can also use a tool cost a little bit, but over on x.com they have a tool called grok, and it can generate images right here that are nearly photorealistic. This is part of Elon Musk's platform, and these look amazing that you could use for your stock images. So that's all really cool about marketing, about coming up with ideas for your course, but how do you actually create a course or coaching program? Well, it's a lot easier today than it ever has been to be able to do so, and far more cost effective when it comes to the tools and technology that you want to use. I recommend people keep it very, very simple. You can get most everything off of Amazon that you need. And I want to show you this here real quick. If we go over to Amazon, just how simple this is. You can get a computer with a camera. If you go get a USB webcam right here, you can record your courses. This is actually the one that I have right now that I'm recording on the camera is less than $35 that you can use right here. You can get a USB microphone right here. They have good quality audio as well. You can get this for, you know, under $20 right here.

[372:09] Speaker 0: That's a good microphone right there. And one of the ways that you know if something is good is I just sort it by whatever's four star and up on here, and look for something that has a few 1000 reviews. All of these are great. They look great. This one, I know for a fact, is also really good. And then the last thing is a ring light and tripod. This is something that you can get. That's what I have right here in my office. That's what illuminates me and it and it shines this this brightly right here. There's a nice ring light right there for recording video and recording and like how I'm changing the screen like this. If you want to do something like that, you can use a tool called there's you can either use stream yard. You could use Zoom to do that. Right here. We have zoom as well that you can do. You can also use a tool called OBS to record your content to your computer right here now, once it's recorded, how do we actually deliver it to people? And what I like is that there's a lot of different tools that are out there, but my personal favorite is called thinkific.com thinkific.com is a platform that we use, that our clients use, to deliver our courses, our trainings, to people all over the world, to be able to sell our content and to get more clients in our business. Okay? And so right here you can build a digital product. Right here you can create and this is the learning platform. Is how this is delivered right here. You can set this up to either have your course templates, drag and drop, Course Builder, all of that. There's another tool as well that you could use that a lot of people are starting to like, called school.com and school.com is a tool that you can use to have a classroom right here. Here's a classroom. That you can see for one of the clients that we work with a digital classroom right there. And so listen, no matter where you're starting from, it's not difficult to get things up and running. If you want to get your marketing going, you can use something like Squarespace to get your marketing, to get your landing pages going, and stuff like that. A lot of those pieces of putting those together. A lot of those puzzle pieces, you can do yourself very simply, very easily. But here's the problem is that a lot of times, when people start this journey, they start creating their course, they start mapping it out, they start recording it. They get lost along the way, and they get stuck feeling a lack of confidence, or they think that they have to have everything all mapped out before they get started. Here's what I recommend people do when they start their course. Okay, alpha release approach, pre sell it to people before it's completely created. Start selling the initial lessons and tell people that you're going to be finishing the lessons out combined with Q and A that you can use. And here's the benefit of that, is you're able to take the questions that people ask you and answer them on the fly, to be able to provide the best quality resources to people by being able to answer exactly what they need solved in the moment. So you're not going based off of just what you know, but rather serving your clients at a high level. Here's what we've found, is that if you create a whole course, and it's your first time doing it, and you're not actually working actively with people in that industry or that niche, you're going to miss it as far as what you're actually going to want to teach people, and then people are going to feel disappointed in the quality of it, and so it's actually better at both delivering quality as well as serving your clients at a high level, as well as getting people to really love what they purchased, to be able to pre sell your course and then offer support accountability And Q and A in it by offering what we call like a term coaching program. Now stick with me here. Why is it called a term coaching program? Maybe you came here you wanted to create a course. Can I tell you this is that you're able to actually sell your course for a higher price and deliver more value when you offer some support and accountability to people. And so one of the ways that a lot of people start, if they've never created a course before, is they'll create something for like six to eight weeks that includes that support and accountability that people can buy for 500 to $1,000 to be able to serve people at that level. And then you might be saying, 500 to $1,000 I don't know if I have enough to teach that's worth that much. Jeremiah Krakowski, this is that there are people out there that need what you have to offer. And no matter what topic you choose in this economy right now, that price is a very reasonable price for the people that you're working with, for the people that you're going to reach, and they will be willing to pay it. And here's the other thing is, you don't want to find people that don't have money to be able to pay you for things. You might say, well, a lot of people that I want to reach, they don't have cash, and they're they're hard up for cash, and they're struggling. Heck, you might be struggling yourself. If you're watching this, can I tell you this? For you to have a sustainable business, you have to equally get the numbers right as far as how you price things so that you can have a profit margin. And not everybody is going to fit into that category. Not everybody is going to qualify for that. For my coaching program, not everybody is willing to pay the $200 a month as part of the program that we have. But I know that the ones that are meant to work with us will, and they love to, because of the extreme value that they get in there. Now, one of the things that you can do is that you can test out your idea. You can beta test it with a term program, charge 500 to $1,000 for it, get people in there for a beta test, tell them that the regular price of this is going to be $5,000 later, and then see what kind of feedback that you get from people from that to refine it based on the Q and A to make things even better. And when you do this, you will be delivering the best quality course, the best training and the best results to people that are willing to pay you that love it, and I'll tell you this as well, the people that are actually willing to pay you that much money are better clients. After you have your course or coaching program built, you can even bring that into a membership and charge people monthly to become a part of this and build a community of people that you're delivering results to. Let's say you've never done this before, and you're like Jeremiah Krakowski, I'm good enough to be able to do this, or this looks kind of technical, or this looks hard. I want to tell you, this is that I work with people all the time that are right where you are, and they even said the same things when they got started. And what they were able to do is absolutely life changing for them in their life, as well as for the clients that they were able to work with. And I believe. That if you apply yourself, if you start to build a course or a coaching program, you absolutely can create a six figure income for you with this when you know how to put an irresistible offer together, and you can package the right topic to the right people with the right messaging, you can make things explode for you and make the kind of income that you want to make in your business, and that's exactly what we help our clients with inside of my coaching program, the client growth accelerator program, as we walk you through how to put all of those pieces together for an irresistible offer so that people actually buy from you and you make the kind of sales and get the kind of clients and Students that you want in your business. Simply selling information isn't enough even coaching or accountability, but it's learning how to connect emotionally with the prospect as to what they want, what they desire, and show them by demonstrating to them the value that they have. And in our program, we work with you through exactly how to demonstrate that value in the right way, so that you're not wasting your time wondering, is this going to make the kind of money that I want to make? And you're actually able to feel confident that you can sell your program and make six figures with it. And so that's what I want to tell you about, is how you could actually work with me, as well as the free gifts that we want to give you just for saying maybe and trying it out, it's not going to cost you anything today to be able to do this. We have right now a 14 day free trial of my accelerator program that you can jump into if you want to know how to create six and seven figures, with a coaching program, with a mentorship program with your business, I want to help you get there, and I want to help you do that as well. And there's three there's three courses as well that I want to give you that you can keep absolutely free just for trying this out. This program, we started it with a mission in mind, to help people have a stress free, burnout free, business that they can feel proud of and excited about. And so inside of this program, I work with you through everything that you need to be able to find your ideal client, be able to promote your offer to people and how to close those sales. Once you create your course, once you put all of these pieces together and listen, I wouldn't recommend that you start by just waiting to do that. But in fact, we have courses where we will walk you through how to put your course together step by step, how to structure everything that way and be able to work with you to hold you accountable, to be able to get those results inside of our accelerator program. Now in here, it's organized very simply, very easily. We have a section called Start here to walk you through exactly where to start. This is where everybody starts with. It's going to jump start you in your journey to be able to build your business. What steps to take to be able to find your niche, be able to develop your messaging, be able to build out your program, build out all of your marketing and how to promote it to people, and then the community that we have inside of our community, you're able to ask questions. 24/7, go in there and get questions answered. This is immediate feedback on any question that you have where I'm in there personally working with you to help you get those results. Not other coaches, not other people that you work with, but me personally coming alongside you, becoming a part of your team and your long term success strategy to be able to get those results in your business. We meet every single week, once a week on Mondays to be able to do this as well. All of our sessions are recorded, and there's a lot of people that go through these recordings and get those results. Now, here's the courses that we're going to be giving you absolutely free, just for trying this out, even if you cancel after the 14 days, these are yours as my gift to you that you can keep to be able to get results in your business and to move things forward. For you, I'd love to see you on our live coaching calls. I'd love to see you go through the courses, but these are my gift to you to help you get on the right foot and get going fast. Number one, landing page blueprint. This is all about the science of creating your marketing and landing pages. This will help you get things going in the right direction to be able to get those clients that you want to be able to make the kind of money that you want in your business. Number two, Facebook ads, basics for total newbies. This is all about how to market your business in the right way, with Facebook ads as well as Instagram ads, to be able to attract those clients to you that you want, and be able to create the kind of offer that is going to bring in the people that are going to be buyers for you. And then number three is seven figure Squarespace funnel building. This is all about using Squarespace, very simply, to put your marketing together, to build out those offers and to put the pieces together that will be able to help you create the kind of business that you want as well you get all of the other courses that are in here. Audience, building Instagram ads Made Easy, six steps to six figures as a coach or course creator. Five Minute Content Creation Blueprint, successful webinars and challenges, irresistible offers that sell automated marketing secrets and the list goes on in here, you can read about this. On this page. We have so many different courses, from content creation to sales and marketing communication skills. How do you create a world class course?

[565:05] Speaker 0: Tiktok ads, running virtual events, building your funnels out, mastering zoom email marketing. There's nothing held back in here. Now I want to show you this as well. Again. These are clients that we've worked with that have used our system. I'm going to walk you through exactly what this is. They've gone from zero to being able to make eight figures in their business, like Rick Pino right here, like Joshua Giles, seven figures in his business. Right here. Sandy Krakowski be able to take this information and make nine figures in profits in her coaching business, as well as our clients, like Kim Wright, she was able to make $20,000 in sales with a real estate offer in a down market. Or Ian Carroll, making $40,000 a month in his coaching business since working with me in here, or Dr shandeep or Judy, or Dr Bobby or Emma. Or his name is voviat Duke. He was over in Vietnam, and he was able to do this and make $15,000 in his first launch. Or Mr. Nathan Fisher, he's able to make six figures with his art classes. By being able to do this, Wesley and Stacy Campbell having a six figure coaching program following our exact framework in their business, I want to personally work with you in your business to get results so that you don't have to struggle, so that you don't have to wonder, is this going to work for me? And here's what we do for you inside of our accelerator program, as we walk you through a system that's going to allow you to be able to, number one, find your niche. Where do you start with? What topic do you use? Number two, to write your sales copy, to create the words that get results. Number three, how do we optimize our funnels and our ads and number four, how do we sell to the right people when you bring all of this together to create persuasive messaging, when you're able to create massive impact, and you're able to bring in consistent cash flow in your business. And you know exactly what to say, how to say it, how to reach the right people. You know what the right things to do. What are the best practices? We walk you through everything from the technology to how do you build things to how do you structure your advertising campaigns, your marketing, how do you get more sales? And you're able to bring all of this together to create true financial and time freedom for yourself in your life, in your business. That's what this program is, and that's exactly what we bring to you. Inside of my accelerator program, I'm working with you personally, becoming a part of your long term success strategy, to be able to create the kind of sales that you want in your business, to be able to bring in the the amount of clients that you want, to be able to sell more of your coaching, more of your courses, and to not wonder, is this going to make money? Is this going to work for me? Because it has worked for 1000s of others, like yourself, and so that's why I'm willing to literally put my money where my mouth is and give you a 14 day trial of this program. I'm going to give 110% with you. Will you give me the same and can I have you on our next live coaching call. Okay, so you get those three free gifts, the landing page blueprint, course, you get the Facebook ads course, and you get the seven figure funnel building. Course, all of this not for $19,000 not for 22,000 not for $2,000 a month. It's a 14 day trial that you can claim for $197 month after the trial. That's what it is to continue. If you want to continue with us, and listen a lot of people who take the trial, they continue with us, they continue afterwards. They think it's so amazing. And I want you to put us to the test and see what difference it makes by being a part of a community like what we have in our accelerator program. If you want to jump in for six months the time you can pay $997 and upgrade and actually get a month free for that, as well as a part of that. And it continues month to month, or every six months after that. I believe so much in this that you will be 100% satisfied with what we offer. That's why I'm offering you this 14 day trial, and I cannot wait to see you inside of there, to work with you, to help you put your course together, help you put your coaching program together. Help you structure your marketing, your copy, your landing pages, and all of those pieces that, quite frankly, a lot of people get stuck on. A lot of people struggle with, but you don't have to when you can become a part of our community and get my help, to work with you. You to get those results in your business. So listen, click the link below, jump in 14 day trial. I cannot wait to see you on our next live coaching call. And if that wasn't enough, we even have three additional Fast Start bonuses that we're going to give you just for jumping in right now as a part of this. In addition to those courses, as you get the one and a half hour Quick Start, Fast Start Training, that's going to get you up to speed quickly as to how to get your business going, what steps to take to get the most out of the program, so that you know exactly where to go and what to do right away in your first week of being a part of this. So you get the most out of this trial. I'm going to be walking you through step by step with that in this Fast Start Training, you also get the recording. So our past offer Launchpad masterminds, I'm gonna tell you what that is. So our offer Launchpad mastermind is a mastermind that we do inside of our program about just about every quarter. Sometimes it's a little bit different than that, but our next one is gonna be in January, and we're gonna work with you in our offer Launchpad event to be able to build out your offer. I'm going to work with you through exactly what that is. We're going to show you exactly how to build your offer, exactly what to say in it, how to launch it, and how to get it out there quickly so that you get more clients in your business. This is happening in January. I'm going to walk you through what to do, what to say in your offer, and how to get those clients fast in your business. Now, if you're ready to jump in with us, I'm ready to jump in with you to get those bonuses, to get those trainings as well, take a leap. Jump in with us. Try it out for just 14 days, get those free bonuses, and I cannot wait to see you on our next live coaching call. Listen if you have questions as well about the program. You want to ask me some questions, go head on over to my Instagram or my YouTube right here. Be sure to follow me over on YouTube. I'd love to work with you. I'd love to talk with you about helping you in your business. Here's my my Instagram profile right here. Instagram.com forward slash Jeremiah Krakowski, you can find this. Look up. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski Krakowski, or Jeremiah Krakowski Krakowski, and you can send me a message, and I love to talk with you about the program, or over on my YouTube channel as well. You can go find this where this video is. You can click on the INS on the YouTube link, and you can comment below the video, and I can answer your questions on there as well. So listen, I'd love to see you in there. Try the program out, jump into the accelerator program, and we'll talk soon. I'll see you on our next live coaching call. Have a good one, everybody. Bye.

