June 5: Create & Launch Your 6 Figure Group Coaching Community Offer
Date: 2024-06-05T20:43:56.000Z
Duration: 123 min
Otter ID: J7V1AU9DUF_sSHb4wgGVyfcGTss
---

[152:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello What is up everybody? How are you doing today? Hello, hello,

[156:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello. Hello Listen, I am excited that you are here. Thank you. Thank you for being here. It's a Wednesday afternoon and I am truly honored that you're spending this time with me because you could be anywhere else you could be doing other things. I see a couple of familiar names here. Hello, Robin. Hello, Wanda. How are you doing? Hello, Kendall, Sydney. Welcome. Listen, I am excited that we are here today because I want to work with you to help you get results and actually make some money actually produce the profits that you're looking for how many y'all want to have? Well, I got written here on the board. massive impact, right, because we wouldn't have gotten into our coaching businesses, our course businesses, our masterminding that we do with people unless we wanted to have a massive impact. But also massive income, six figures, you know, in today's United States of America, if you want to go buy a house, you got to be making at least about $150,000. For them to even give you a mortgage, especially if you're a business owner, and you have to have a track record to show that my wife and I were blessed to be able to buy a house with our with our business income. And and it was amazing. This was last year. And it's literally like a dream home for us has a beautiful swimming pool. And it's a place for us to raise our son. At our we have we have a second baby boy, the way I'm so excited for that. If y'all could just celebrate that with me. So I get a little bit choked up. I just I love being a father, I love being a dad. It's literally why I do what I do and, and why it's so important to me to do this without burnout. Without working 100 hours a week, you know, I could work 100 hours a week. And truly, it's a passion for me to do what I do. Like I have to actually discipline myself to not work is what it is. Okay, how many y'all are like that, right. And that's how you know that you're really aligned with what you're doing how many y'all would know, if you were making six figures or even seven figures, that you would be working like you like you couldn't pull you away from it because you'd love just love serving people and showing up with people and blessing people with your presence and, and the ability to help them with what you can do. Because that's exactly what I get to do every single day. And I am truly blessed and honored to be able to make a living, speaking serving people meeting with people just like you, helping them achieve their dreams, helping them accomplish their goals. And for those y'all that I have not met yet, first off, thank you for just taking the chance on me. You know, there's sessions like this that you see all the time, and you're like, are they worth my time, I'm gonna promise you by the end of this that you're gonna see number one, and those that have been part of sessions with me how different these are with me how they're not just a sales pitch, you're not just gonna hear me talking about testimonies, or my story, or all this stuff that's gonna waste your time. And you're gonna say, Gosh, I wish I had that two hours back. My intention today is for you to feel like you got more out of these two hours than you've ever gotten out of any session that you've ever been a part of. Now, that's a tall ask, right. But I think that by the end of this, you're going to see that and then by the end of this two hours as well, we have a VIP session that we're going to be going into some of y'all upgraded to that VIP session. It's it's a $17 upgrade, you can go check it out, there's a link, either in this post here, or we're gonna post it here in the in the chat right here for you. You can find that link. And you can upgrade to that VIP. And what does that give you that gives you four additional bonus trainings about mindset, tackling burnout, I break down how to how to use AI the right way that doesn't take your voice away, as well you get the recordings of today's session, the recordings, we're going to be taking them offline next week, they're not going to be available to you after next week, they're going to go into the vault as far as that goes. And you're gonna get the recording to the bonus q&a VIP session that we're hosting. So for those of you that want to upgrade to that, again, I'd highly recommend it, you don't have to. But by the end of this, I think you're gonna see the value in doing so. And then the fact that you're gonna be able to get coaching with me, you're gonna be able to work with me, after this session right now to be able to reach your goals, I'm actually going to turn my phone off here. Somebody's texting me right now. So I'm gonna just so I can be totally focused. And that's something I would encourage you as well. If you can. Turn off the distractions. See if you can just focus in right here today. spend this time take it seriously as if you invested $1,000 into this and that you want to take notes, even if you haven't invested anything into it. Can I tell you this is that when we focus when we actually spend time to really, really focus in on something and take it seriously we get the most out of it. And I'm going to make sure that it's going to be worth your time to go through this. Just Just briefly like super elevate Your pitch version of this. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For the last 21 years, I have been working in the coaching online course, seminar space, we created DVD and CD products back in the day. And I got my start. As a as a video editor, I was working as a video guy, I was a super techy guy back in the day. I'm not as techie. Now, though I can I can do a few things I do. I create very basic trainings and courses that are not super complicated for people on how to scale their businesses using very simple technology, even if they're not a tech guru. And I've been doing this for that long. And I've actually built multiple, not one but multiple coaching and course businesses to over $10 million a year in profit during that time. And since then, I've also coached and mentored 1000s of beginner coaches, as well as expert coaches, some people that have gone on to become household names in their niche, some people that maybe you've heard of, as well like Jennifer allwood, like Sandy Krakowskie, like Rick Pino, Joshua and de Giles, Georgia and ban off different names of people that we've worked with, as well. We have some people that have actually gone through our trainings and they have attributed to us what we have taught in our systems to their success. years ago, we actually got a letter from Brene Brown, she had actually said that Britton that that we had done, and this is what I was working on partnering with Sandy Krakowski and I was it was basically me and Sandy together building this little bit more about that later. But she had written and said, Sandy, your work inspired me to go do the things that I do. And it was it was a letter as far as that goes. And now what was my involvement with that? Well, I was actually running all the marketing, doing all the sales on the back end, advertising and funnels, and that was one of the businesses that I had built with Sandy Murkowski to over $10 million. There's actually reached a $20 million a year business and to this day, it still thrives on her own as far as it goes. And I even sometimes consult that business. We actually had Tai Lopez, how many of y'all know the name Tai Lopez, this is a crazy one. I'm like blown away by this Tai Lopez's ad guy, like the main ad guy, he started hiring a bunch of other advertising people back in the day. But he called me up this was like 10 years ago. And he was like, Jeremiah, I want you to know that your training that you did, and that what Sandy did, but specifically your training. Jeremiah is literally the blueprint that we use for Tai Lopez's Facebook ads, and I'm like, What? Are you kidding me? Like, if like, literally, we follow what you're doing? We do exactly. And we and we've actually modeled off of what you're doing. And I'm like, well, that's interesting, because I literally see what you guys do. And I like, okay, let's tweak ours, and kind of do it that way. And they're like, well, that's awesome. Because it's almost it's based on the same source. So I'm like, that's amazing. And so that's something kind of cool. It's like a little feather in my cap. I'm like, okay, that's, that's a huge name that's out there. That that is very, it was well known years ago. And he's still well known. But he's kind of pivoted into another direction. But like, literally straight up was like, yeah, like you like your stuff got us. In the in the Facebook ads game. I was like, Okay, awesome. That's so cool. And I've been doing Facebook ads. Since the Facebook ads platform popped on the scene, Facebook ads has been one of my number one bread and butter things people come to me for as well, they want to learn that as well. What I've discovered, though, is that you need to have your offer dialed in. And so whether you're running Facebook ads, or you're doing organic, and by the way, organic or ads, they all still need an offer. And that's what we're going to be focusing on here today. You don't need to run paid advertising for what I'm going to be teaching you here to work. I'm going to walk you through the exact strategy and process that's working right now. And we have a brand new strategy that we're starting to implement that we're bringing into the industry that I've not seen very many people do. But we went through and researched over 40 Different businesses over the last six months and we analyze what are the things that they have in common what is not working and these were multimillion dollar businesses to come together and bring together what is the very best offer stack that you can do that simple, that can be evergreen, that's not going to burn you out. That's not gonna stress you out. That's not gonna take a ton of your time as far as that goes. And so how many y'all are excited for that? I'm gonna break that down for you right now we're going to talk about that. What that is. Okay. So for you to be able to scale your coaching business the way that you want to and let's let's pull this up right here on the screen.

[317:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is this is exactly what you registered for here today. create and launch your six figure group coaching offer without burn out, start bringing consistent six figures on autopilot. And so that's a tall ask, but I'm going to tell you all about this how to create a truly irresistible offer, how to start attracting your dream clients to you how to master the art of persuasion and sales, how to automate it, and then how to scale things the right way as well, some of that I want to tell you is this is that we, from time to time, we opened the doors to my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator program. And so as of right now, the doors are actually open to that program, my group mastermind, I'll tell you a little bit about that at the end. Again, this is not going to be a sales pitch, this is going to be pure implementation for you. But I want to tell you this is that if you want to work with me, to come into your business, to become a part of your team to install this, so that you can start to get the clients that you want, and start to create the kind of impact and income that you want the client growth accelerator program is going to be one of those keys. And I want to also tell you this is that by the end of this training, I have some some free gifts that I'm actually going to give you that you can take away from this that you can keep that are extremely valuable, that are worth 1000s of dollars that are going to be that are going to get you on the right step. Even if you don't continue with me in the accelerator program. These gifts are exactly what your next stages are in your business. Okay. And so listen, if you're just starting out, you're like, listen, Jeremiah, I don't know what my niche is, I don't know what to do. I don't know how to get started, what we developed, we developed a three step strategy that I'm going to break down here today that every single business that's in the coaching space needs to apply. And why do we say that group coaching is the thing that you want to do, maybe you've done a one on one coaching, I'm going to touch on that as well. Why is group coaching so valuable? It's because you're not trading dollars for hours not trading your time for money.

[352:11] Speaker 0: And you're actually able to leverage your time to make more money. And I'm going to talk about why that's better, and also why that's actually going to get your clients more results, then it's actually better than one on one coaching to do group coaching. And it's actually produces a better result for the people that invest with you if you follow the structure, and the systems that we've developed. And the exact process as well, to take this we're not just gonna be talking about theory, or, or systems or what to do or all of this, we're going to talk about brass tacks, what does it take for you to make money with all of this? How does it come together for you to bring in cash flow, how many y'all are excited for the I know that I'm excited to share this with you, I know that if you apply what I'm going to be teaching you here today, by the end of this time, we've only been here for I've only been talking for about 12 minutes now is that

[367:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going to be able to walk away with a blueprint and a plan and a strategy that's going to change your life. It's going to change your business, it's going to impact the lives of your clients. And it's gonna be able to make you the kind of money that you want to make. If you apply it if you actually implement it now there's going to be work involved, of course, you know that right? There's no way that you're gonna watch a training and then you're gonna make money like, okay, so like, you understand that by the end of this, like, I'm not going to deposit six figures in your bank account, just by you like watching a training like this, you're not going to make money. Understand that that's not even possible. Okay, so just let's get that out of the way that this isn't a lottery ticket. This isn't for people with a lottery ticket mentality we actually put this on the page when you register because I think it's very very important to kind of talk about this before we go into this of who this is for and and who this is not for here today is if you are somebody who you think you know everything already and you're here just to kind of scrutinize what I'm doing or, or all that Listen, I'm not perfect. I never claimed to be you probably got great ideas and strategies, but what I'm going to be giving you is what actually works, what we've done, and what we've done with our clients. Maybe you're somebody who thinks that everything should be given away for free and nobody should charge any money well newsflash here How are you going to make any kind of income if you're not charging any money so you know, so we know that okay, you're not in the right place if you like if you think that nothing should be too costly if you're somebody who loves to do like learn things but never actually take action on them. I mean this with all due respect, but how's that working out for you? Right? It's probably not and so I want to encourage you and I want to challenge you and I'm gonna and I'm gonna challenge you during this intensive here today, during this time to start to take action start to look deeper at Why have I not taken action? What am I trying to avoid? What am I afraid my to happen, and to start to address maybe some of those limiting beliefs, this is not going to be just a big mindset training. But you have to address those limiting beliefs. If you're this isn't for somebody who just kicks around and researches ideas, but has no real desire to start a business lesson, don't waste my time or yours, please. Okay, if you're not, if you're somebody who doesn't like hard work, you don't like doing the hard work. And when I'm talking about the hard work, it's not necessarily like grueling hours, okay?

[408:26] Speaker 0: I can tell you this two hours of focused work can be very hard, because of what you have to address internally. And the choices you have to make and the things that may be might not be what feels comfortable for you, I'm going to challenge your comfort zone. If you listen, if you're listening to a coach who doesn't challenge your comfort zone, if you're actually a coach, you know, this, they're not worth their salt. All right. But I'm also going to do this in a way that you're gonna love. And I promise you that by the end of this is that you're gonna that you're going to absolutely be ready to implement this. I'm not here to talk with what we call tire kickers, complainers or whiners who take issue with actually doing work as far as that goes, okay. But if you are somebody who is willing to take action on what's been given to them, how many y'all are willing to take action on a plan to that you're willing to take your life to the next level through business by increasing your income, increasing your territory, your influence, your impact what you can do, if you're somebody who has a vision of where you're going, or you want an amplified vision, if you're teachable, coachable, willing to learn new skills, you're willing to learn things that maybe you've never done before that might seem slightly unconventional, but you know, that they're going to work for you, if you want to make six and seven figures. And above all, this is the most important thing for me, I mean, this with all due respect to everybody, but I do not tolerate fraud. I don't tolerate liars or cheaters. I only do business with people that are honest and have integrity. It's very important to me as far as that goes. And so if you're here today to learn how to scam people, I'm sorry, but you're in the wrong place. This is for legit business owners that actually want to do something that does good in the world, not just merely makes money making money is a big part of it. But it goes beyond that it goes into the impact. It goes into helping people and that's why we're getting started in this. That's why we do what we do. That's why I wake up in the morning is because I have a dream.

[444:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: To help over 1000 coaches and mentors become six figure earners. And I want to help those 1000 coaches that are six figure earners impact

[448:31] Speaker 0: hundreds of people's lives with their work, making the world a better place by helping you get your message out there to so that you can feel confident to reach people with that. So let's let's dive into what is that process to do. So how do we do that? Well, you have to have an offer what is an offer? So an offer is something that people want. Pretty simple, right? If I was proposing to my wife, I made her an offer to spend the rest of my her life with me.

[457:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not comparing marriage to the business proposal. But what I'm saying is, is that when you're making an offer, it's something that people actually want and they desire. And that's one of the first stages of actually figuring out what a great offer is, is you have to tap into the feedback loop. Okay.

[464:29] Speaker 0: So one of the reasons that a lot of people struggle to be able to reach clients and actually mark it online, is they're going based off of what they think people want.

[467:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: But they don't actually have evidence or data to prove it. Because they have not had enough conversations with people. And I don't say this to discourage anybody who's getting started with there's a very simple system of gathering that feedback. And here's the thing in 2024

[472:42] Speaker 0: There's not a better time to be alive right now as a coach or mentor. Can I tell you that because of something that

[475:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: has changed and revolutionize the game.

[476:53] Speaker 0: I've been in this industry for 21 years. And we had to grind and work hard for years and years and years and years and years to do what you can do In seconds, and 2024 because of the miracle of artificial intelligence, why is AI a miracle for this? Listen AI, it can help you

[483:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be an assistant in brainstorming and coming up with ideas, because it acts as a simulator. So when you're getting started in your business, you can use the artificial intelligence to simulate

[488:50] Speaker 0: what your client might want, what people might want to learn from you. And so you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, I still don't know what my niche is, I still I'm just getting started. I feel stuck on this, can I show you something really, really, really, really cool that we actually put together for you? How many y'all jumped into the Facebook group. We have a Facebook group that has four incredible bonus trainings that I've actually put together here for you. Bonus training, the ultimate niche niche topic, picking blueprint. This is a 32 Minute complete training, where I break down for you how to pick your niche, it could stand alone by itself as a as his own class. It's in depth. So you can go check that out just by going into the Facebook group, we'll leave the link here in the zoom, as well, with the Facebook group link. Not only that, there's a bonus training on putting your perfect Facebook ads together, there's a bonus training on breaking the cycle of overwhelm and worry. And there's a bonus training on picking the best software platforms to build on. And I broke all of this down for you in the Facebook group, you get access to it. And you get to watch that until until Tuesday. To go check those out for free. As far as that goes. Those of you that are VIPs, you get lifetime access to those, those bonuses as well as for additional bonuses that we put together that are in the VIP as well, those four additional bonuses, you can check those out, how do you find those? Again, there's a link that you can check out but you can also just go to the page here, I'm going to go find it real quick.

[517:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: For $17, right here, you get access to the VIP coaching call after this session, you get access to the four bonus trainings, you get access to the recordings, all of that the four bonuses, and here are the mindset of business, the burnout, free business strategy, these are all brand new trainings. By the way, if you've ever bought a VIP for me before, these are brand new, I just recorded them a few weeks ago for you this how to successfully scale to seven figures, not just six, but seven figures, you can have this in your back pocket when you're ready to scale, as well as what I call the ultimate guide to using AI without losing your integrity, or your voice to it. And I think that's important with AI AI is a miracle right now, it's for brainstorming, but it does not replace the human touch. It doesn't replace the human voice. It does not replace your essence, your spirit, or who you are as a person. And it can it can, it can be a great simulator, it can it can model or mirror, how we talk or interact. And I'm going to show you a few ways that we can do that in your business to help you with your offer. But what I like to use it for is for brainstorming. So the three steps that I break down for everybody when it comes to building out your offer. But you got to do three things. Number one, you have to find your people, okay? You have to find your people.

[540:48] Speaker 0: Who are your true people, the people that are meant to work with you the people that we could call our soulmate clients that our heart sings when we connect with them, some of you right now that are watching this right now, I can tell you are that and that you're resonating with what I'm talking about here. And that you're that you want to go deeper and to create results for you and your family. But you feel overwhelmed and you're not sure. What is this going to do to your reputation? How is this going to make you look? Are there any things that you have to do do I gotta dance on Tik Tok all day long to make people but no you don't you don't you don't gotta do any of that.

[552:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You just got to be yourself. You just got to be authentic. And can I tell you this? That the very best way to actually grow a business in the coaching space group coaching is authenticity. Because your spirit in your heart is going to resonate in the words you say and the words that you write which is why it's important to not let the artificial intelligence replace you. You can you to brainstorm, but not to replace you. That's the best way to actually find your clients because now you're not chasing people. But you're attracting them.

[563:26] Speaker 0: And they're finding you instead of you, trying to seek them out and wonder and hope and pray and wish that people would become a client of yours. How many y'all are done with a hope and a prayer? Listen, I believe in hope and prayer, right? I'm all about it. In fact, before this training, I was praying on my knees and Delon saying, God, fill my mouth up and help me serve these people to the best of my ability. Because, you know, it my natural ability, I don't, but I believe that God gives supernatural ability, when we pray and ask for it, I do. This isn't going to be a church service. And I know I got a lot of people with a lot of different, different beliefs as far as that goes. But I'll tell you this, that, that, that that's where my heart is, is that I believe

[575:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: that there is something greater than just what we got here, in the here and now. And that, and that I believe that our spirits can connect with the right clients as far as that goes, and that prayer makes a huge difference.

[580:44] Speaker 0: That tapping into and connecting with source with the source of all things can take us far beyond where we could ever imagine. Okay? Again, like I said, this isn't a this isn't a church service, this isn't going to be a spirituality, mastermind or retreat, though, you know, in my accelerator, we do talk about those things. And I have a lot of people in my accelerator as well, they don't share the same faith as me. For those who are wondering, what's your faith, Jeremiah, I'm a Christian, I believe in Jesus. And and so as far as that goes, though, I don't I don't, I don't necessarily advertise myself as like Christian business. I am a Christian that does business with everybody as far as that goes, and I don't try to use God to build a business. But I do believe that God does empower us. And I believe that whatever your faith is, can empower you to reach people and define people to find the people that are that you're meant to work with, because they're going to resonate with you. There's a familiarity as far as that goes, why is that? Because here's the thing,

[599:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: the people that you're meant to work with, they share a lot with where you were in your past. And listen, we know that we can't dwell on our past, but can I tell you this, that the people that you're meant to work with him that you're meant to reach, they live in a very similar environment, to the battles that you've won and fought to the incredible breakthroughs that you've come through. And if you can find where they are, most of them are on social media. You can communicate with them, and you can make a connection with them. And by the way, those two things are very different. Communication is mere lip service. But connection goes much deeper. And I'm hoping that by the end of today, that we that we connect, that we can connect here in this session. Because I believe that you are meant for something greater than what you've been experiencing in your business. That you're meant for something greater than struggling, grinding on the social media hamster wheel, the content creation, hamster wheel, doing sales calls and DMing people and, and trying to get people to to become a client and chasing after people. And then when you can actually connect with what you were meant to do what you were born to do. And there's an alignment with that.

[626:28] Speaker 0: It starts to attract clients to you, like you've never imagined. Now, there's a practical aspect to this. And I'm gonna break that down for you in just a second. I want to, I want to show you the other

[629:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: two steps here that we got to do and I'm gonna break down practically how we do this that goes way beyond the spirituality, right? We bring our spiritual, we bring the natural, we bring our beliefs, we bring our actions, and we turn that into consistency. We show up consistently, and that generates consistent results. You know, if you consistently try to do the same thing over and over and over and over again, that's the definition of sadness, in my opinion. That's the definition of what causes depression is trying to do the same thing over and over and over and less than I understand there's a lot more that goes into clips. There's a lot more that goes into depression and mental health and just doing the same thing over and over and over again, as far as that goes, but ruminating on what's not working, let's elevate to the next level, to where we actually step into a new realm of possibility, can I tell you this, that right now, I believe that you are entering into a new realm of possibility that you've never imagined. And there's something that happens when people get around me, I've been told this, I don't know why it is. When they watch webinars with me, they tell me Jeremiah, I'm just getting ideas. Like, I never had these ideas. I never, I never had this, this thought of how I could make it work. I never had these ideas. And maybe, maybe you're not right now. But by the end of this about the end of our VIP call, I believe that you're going to be getting laser sharp clarity on what your next steps are. laser sharp clarity on what to do. In the next 14 days, I have a concept, I call it the law of 14 days, we focus in on what is right in front of me for the next 14 days that I can do to implement and I'm going to give you your marching orders for the next 14 days here, and it's gonna and you're gonna love it. And for those of you that continue with me into our VIP session, we're gonna be able to dive even deeper into that, I'm gonna be able to give you clarity and help you with that. And for those of you that continue with the free gifts that I'm going to be able to give you, those are going to be your your strategic roadmap for you step by step of what to follow, to do to be able to implement those ideas that we're going to be able to unlock inside of you here today. So I'm excited, I'm excited for what's going to come out of this, I'm excited for what's going to come out of these, these two hours as well as that VIP session. And those that continue on as well into working with me in the client growth accelerator program that get to have me become a part of their team to help build and implement this with you and install this into your business. Not and by the way, it's not a team of coaches or other people, it's actually me personally, that you get to work with as far as that goes. Number two, is promote. And this is where the hard work comes in right here. I think that this part is very easy. By the end of today, I think you're gonna be able to figure this one out. Very easy. This is the part that's the hard work, this is where we, we have to build out our landing pages on our website, and we got to create the content and we got to, we got to come up with a plan and a strategy. And we got to, we got to do this. Listen, this, I'm gonna be honest with you, this part is not it's not super fun. Listen, I'm a guy that loves fun. I love having fun. Honestly, it's it's, I'm not even guilty about it. I am all out there and open with the fact that I love having fun, and playing and doing things that are fun and enjoyable. But but this is the hard work is you got to promote your business. And if you don't promote, you don't have a business, you don't have clients, you don't have people that are actually going to come into your ecosystem. Now here's the part that's beautiful, though, is that you can automate this entire part of the process. And you can automate this, once you get some data once you get 50 to 100 people that you're connecting with. And that's about the number that I recommend that people have is that this starts to become automatic, and the AI kicks into overdrive, where you can actually analyze your data. And the feedback loop that comes in from people that you're connecting with, to make all of this become 1,000% easier with you. And that's exactly where I love to get people to within about 60 to 90 days in my accelerator program. It doesn't happen overnight. I'm gonna I'm gonna be transparent with you on that one. The success that you're probably looking for is not a overnight lottery ticket, but it can happen way faster than you can imagine. And the way that I see it is this is that you can become far more effective with your marketing and with your business than you ever imagined. Within 30, to 60, maybe 90 days if you're really dragged your feet through this process. And you follow what I'm going to be showing you here today, to be able to get all of this going. And this is what I really encourage people to do that this is the milestone that we want to get you to right here. When we talk about creating and launching and all of that this is the milestone that we want to get you to today, we're going to really be covering these two aspects of, of the three stage process and then closing the sale, right, this is where finances are exchanged. You have to be able to learn how to close sales, you have to become a laser sharp, A Olympic athlete level salesperson. And sometimes we think about sales and we got a dirty taste in our mouth, that doesn't feel good, and we don't want to be salesy. There's nothing sleazy or slimy about what I like to teach people. How many of y'all are like you can tell, I'm not about sleaze, not about it. My wife would kill me if I was not literally but like, I could not sleep at night, if I had to build my business, with sleaze and slime and dishonesty, and saying things just to make money as far as that goes. And so what we've developed is a system that you can show up with integrity, with authenticity, to impact people and to create millions of dollars if you want to,

[744:13] Speaker 0: I'll tell you this, most people are not going to reach millions of dollars. As far as the level goes. That's a that's a that's a whole other conversation. That takes a lot of work as far as that goes. But I can tell you this, I actually have a firm belief that everybody, if they follow the process can actually make six figures, they got to do the work. It's not easy. But I do think that everybody has the capacity to do so without having to kill themselves or, like when it comes to the hours that they're working, or, or even ruining their reputation or doing anything, you don't need to ruin your reputation, to be able to reach your goals in business. But you will have to do some things that feel uncomfortable self promotion feels uncomfortable, because we're told our whole life to not toot our own horn, you know, people you know, let another person praise you type of a thing can I tell you this? In business, as an entrepreneur, you have to learn how to promote yourself. You have to learn how to reach the people with the value that you have. And in fact, it actually turns into a matter of integrity, because you're telling people about really, really good stuff that's going to help them. That's why I love the coaching space. That's why I love the mastermind space because we're actually bringing to people life changing, transformation and results. Now can I tell you something that I don't know if you realize

[769:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you are not selling people on information. Information these days is a dime a dozen YouTube, podcasts, artificial intelligence, it's not worth what it was 20 years ago, 20 years ago, you would invest 1000s of dollars into what you could literally get today with one chat GPT prompt, and it would be accurate.

[777:38] Speaker 0: With a search engine, the Internet has changed all of that. And a lot of that has accelerated like crazy, after what happened four years ago with COVID. And then with AI to where there has been a massive acceleration Now don't let that get you down, okay? Because this is the part of where your offer really, really, really needs to come together is that you're not just going to include information information becomes one part of what you're going to offer people.

[788:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're also going to include transformation

[791:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going to include support, you're going to include accountability. And when all of these things come together. What is it that you're really selling to people in a group coaching program is the only thing that people are actually going to make an investment for today with coaches and mentors is results. When you combine all of these together and they actually get results for people.

[801:10] Speaker 0: Like the clients that we work with my client Dawn, she came to me she was struggling for years, to be able to reach clients. And she made over $30,000 a month, within just two months of coaching with me or like, Judy, she was able to apply these trainings, and be able to make $37,000 a month to be able to implement this or like Ian, he showed up with me. And he had a dream and a vision to impact people, but couldn't make anything in his coaching business. And he messaged me a couple of weeks back, and he's doing over 40 to $60,000 a month in cash received in his business.

[810:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: And those are just a few of the clients that we've worked with as far as the stories and, and the testimonies go.

[812:32] Speaker 0: The only reason why I do what I do every single day, the only reason why I have my client growth accelerator program, the only thing that gives me confidence, here talking with you today is knowing that I can deliver results to people. And you might be listening to me saying, well, Jeremiah, I just don't know if I can deliver those results to people

[817:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a little more faith in yourself, have a little more belief in yourself, I want you to realize that the level of income that you make is directly related to your level of self belief and self esteem. And that how much you believe in yourself, and that you actually believe in what you're doing. And the confidence that you have determines your ability to sell that to people because again, I tell you this, you could literally have a system that produces results for people. But if you can't sell, if you can't close the sale, if you can't confidently promote to people. Nobody's going to sign up for your trainings, nobody's going to sign up for your lead magnets. Nobody's going to consume your content. And nobody's going to buy your group coaching from you. And by the way, this has nothing to do with testimonies at all.

[834:49] Speaker 0: And I think that's the part that a lot of people get wrong, is they think that it has everything to do with testimonies when it actually has to do with your ability to connect with people with the words you say.

[838:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the things that are written on your lead magnet and in the landing page and the words that you write, and how you communicate, and your ability to tell a story. Your ability to connect with people to address.

[843:38] Speaker 0: What are they afraid of? To create safety? In the conversation? How many let me ask you this, okay? How many of y'all have had conversations with people, and you're like, I just, this just doesn't feel safe to me.

[847:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: This, just this, this vibe is off, it's just something that's off about this, right.

[849:58] Speaker 0: And then how many of you have a conversation with somebody in yours like, wow, like I just, I really, really, really, really feel good about this, I really, really, really feel good about what's going down here. As far as that goes. That has to do with a combination of nonverbal communication. It has to do with a combination of tone of voice, it has to do with body language, it has to do with the words that are said, how the words are strung together, what order the words are in, and which words were actually used. And when we communicate, this sums up into what is called our messaging, okay. And so all of this right here, you can sum this up as your offer. But having an offer by itself without being able to communicate your messaging properly, isn't going to make you a dime.

[865:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I think that that's the part that some people miss. As they're like, Well, I got this amazing stack. And I worked so hard to put together my curriculum and all of this to do this. And then they launch it, and they get no sales. And they'd like, well, Jeremiah, why didn't it work? I did all the right things.

[870:38] Speaker 0: And I take a look at it. I'm like, Oh, like this is off, this is off in your messaging and gotta do this and then boom. And this is exactly what we do in my accelerator program is they come into the program, and I take a look at their ad copy and their Facebook ads and their social media posts. I take a look at their marketing and their sales pitches, and I take a look at how that they're actually communicating and connecting with people. And then I give based on my 21 years of experience, a extremely accurate assessment every single week. We do weekly calls where I do this with people.

[879:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I give an assessment as to how the They can actually make it work for them. And then they apply it and they implement it and they come back and it works. And it produces results, and it gets sales. And I'll tell you that I'll tell you this, Nothing

[884:55] Speaker 0: excites me more than when somebody has been struggling and struggling. And they and they've gone through coach after coach after coach and mentor after mentor after mentor, and they know that they have something deep inside of them. And they and they've, they're like Jeremiah, I've tried everything.

[890:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm at my wit's end, and sometimes they're crying on our coaching calls. And I, and I just honor and respect them for how vulnerable they are to be able to share this with me. And I tell them, You know what, it's gonna be okay. And they're like, No, it's not going to be okay, I can't pay my rent. And I'm like, I get it. I understand. I've had times where I couldn't pay my rent. And I wasn't sure where the next sale would come from. And it was because I was stuck in my head. And we work through and I coached them through the process. And they come back a week later. And they're like, look at that. I got 100 leads on my offer, when nobody signed up for months beforehand. And what did we tweak? Well, I helped them a little bit with their mindset just a little bit, right. I think there's a big piece to that. It's a lot of what I coach people on in our accelerator has to do with mindset. But I also say let's tweak your messaging, I say, Okay, this is off, this needs to change, we need to adjust this, we need to change those words, we need to let's let's put your photo here, okay, you don't look as happy in this photo. Let's take a little bit of a better photo. As far as it goes. Let me show you something real quick. I'm going to show you what a good offer looks like. This is what a good offer looks like. I mean, I'm biased because you know, there's me right there. And I think I look pretty good right there. But it's because of the words that are on this page. We've qualified who it's for. That's one of the first key steps by the way to putting together a great offer. We've made a bold promise of what it is we've invited people into it. And then we tell a story, we have images. And this was actually generated with AI we actually used the meta AI tools that that meta actually provides to us that we can use to be able to generate images everybody who has Facebook should have access to the meta AI tools if you go to meta.ai.com That's meta AI, M E T A ai.com right there. Okay. If you go to meta AI oops. You can tell it, you know, generate me a photo of a woman who is helping another woman through birth pains to experience pain free birth. And on demand, it's going to generate you photographs that you can use in your marketing and in your advertising that are that are beautiful and amazing. That tell an incredible story. Okay, let's let's make them both look very happy and make it very realistic. Like it's a homebirth in a bathtub. Now, here's the thing, here's what's cool about meta AI is not going to generate anything that's pornographic or anything that we don't want to see as far as that goes. They have restrictions as far as as far as that goes. So hopefully it's gonna be able to actually create this one for us. It should it should be able to or otherwise it might have to describe it a little bit differently some other AI tools What is your be like okay, I'm not sure I could use that. Right? And it's not that like birth is anyways you know, we don't want anything that we can't show it's having a little bit of trouble with that. Let's try this. Let's do it homebirth

[953:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: this might work better

[955:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: and by the way, you can also do this with chat GPT as well. This is live so I'm having a little bit of trouble with with getting it to show me the graphic

[962:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well anyways, you get the point, right? Meta AI can help you create these graphics. You can also do this with chat GPT, they just made chat GPT for free meta AI can also help you brainstorm a number of different ways to come up with ideas for your marketing and to help you come up with ideas for your niche or your offer as far as that goes. Okay. Let me let me see if we can, if we can fix this, I'm so curious as to like, what it can do to like, take this a step further. As far as that goes. I don't want to get distracted here by the meta AI stuff. But anyways, you can check that out in your own time. That's what I use to create these images right here as I described, the image of like what I wanted on my landing page. And so you can come up with a lot of creativity. As far as that goes. I use the AI to help me to generate really good sales copy. And then I edited it, in my own words, sounded like me, I had to come up with what are the maybe the top five things that I want to teach in here. And so what it is in our messaging is we can use AI to really start to generate a lot of the words that we want to do if we're struggling to figure out our niche, you can use AI to help you come up with what is a niche that I can that I can work with as far as that goes, who are people that I can help? What is the topics that I can help people with? You know, real simply, I'm just going to show you right here, you can type into chat GPT what are 100 profitable group coaching niches This is one of my favorite ways to use chat CBT is we could pick any of these and let's stop it let's choose career transition. And this is one of my favorite give me 20 sub niches of career transition. Here's 20 sub niches of career transition. Freelancing the full time to full actually let's do healthcare careers. Okay, give me 20 possible sub niches and scenarios of why someone would buy a Ford or $97 group coaching for healthcare careers. Transition. Okay. Nurse to nurse practitioner, medical clinical general practitioner to specialist home health to hospital setting, corporate to public health consultant to executive Okay, what about individuals who want to get into this space generate ideas for a coaching program? Okay. Found foundational modules, self skills assessment, career pathway education and training, resume and cover letter. Okay, brainstorm. 20 possible scenarios of target clients that might buy into this program and list out their their pain points, struggles, daily frustrations, and reasons they want a change and this one is very important as far as this goes. Okay, mid career corporate professional stagnation, current role gap and employment outdated skills, lack of a job and experience. So the AI is generating us these words that we can use to dial in our messaging to speak to the exact problems as a coach. And as a mentor, what you are to deliver results to people is you are creating solutions to problems that people have. So people have these problems, and you are creating solutions to this and then you're learning how to attract those people to you to become your client. So let's say we want to take this now right here and we want to say generate me an axe I'm gonna say this act as if you're an expert at Facebook ads and the above niche topic and write me for Facebook ads, copy using the P A S framework for a coaching program or, or free lead magnet above Okay? Watch this. Stuck in a corporate rut want to transition to a rewarding career. feeling stuck. Every day feels like a repeat of the last with no end in sight you're undervalued. yearning for a difference your path to a different career, discover how you can leverage your skills. Let's see the worried about your unemployment gap or outdated skills, you don't have to worry anymore. Activate yourself. Now let's say Facebook has restrictions on employment ads. So please adjust the copy. With Facebook ads rules in mind, this is awesome. Because you can literally have it adjusted so that it fits with Facebook ads allow us feeling stuck in your career, everyday feelings are repeated the last discover our free guide on your path to a healthcare career, how to leverage your skills. So now what it's doing is we're really leveraging what the guy does as far as that goes, okay? So if you're able to pick a niche, and you're able to deliver results to people, what we want to do to be able to find those people, as we want to figure out, where are they? Well, the best way to figure them out as they're either on podcast episodes, they're either listening to podcast episodes, they're either on social media, they're searching on YouTube, they're looking for answers, they're Googling it. And so what you want to do is you want to create what's called a lead magnet, okay. And so that's one of the very first most important steps that you want to do with creating your offer. So here's what I encourage people to do with their offer creation. In the beginning. And this, there's a third piece of this, once you start to get more successful that you might notice that I do that we add into this. Okay. So I'm gonna show you the three stages, as far as this goes right here. Stage number one is a free lead magnet, this is something for people to join your email list. So you need to get people's contact information, the biggest step of finding your people and promoting to them is getting their information so they can connect with you. Okay, so you got to create some kind of a lead magnet of some kind, you also need to have a paid offer, something that you are actually charging for that needs to be at least $497, you're not going to be able to monetize or make a business that makes six figures selling anything less than $500. As far as that goes, you can get anybody to buy something for $500. If the value is crafted in just the right way that you can prove that it's going to produce the results that you're getting for them, you can also break this down into a payment plan as far as that goes. So you could do like six payments of $97. You know, break it down into six payments, if you really want to help people that don't have a lot of income 12 payments of $47. Truthfully, my favorite price point is a lot higher than that I prefer right around $2,000. As far as this goes and break this down into that's about $2,000 a year that you make off of your clients or customers, what we've actually discovered is that in our business, the lifetime value of every single customer that we can get if we can get a new customer is $1,900. I actually pulled up the stats this morning. So I can know that if I get out of every person that I can get to buy something from me even if they purchase what we call a low ticket offer. And this can look a couple of different ways. The $17 VIP is considered a low ticket offer. Now not every single person who buys the VIP is going to become a client of my coaching program or my accelerator program. But the averages it averages out to the fact that of every person who ends up becoming a new paid customer and they're actually spending some kind of money with me that we make at least $1,900 over the lifetime of knowing them as far as that goes with the systems. And so so that becomes very monetizable if I can if I know that and I also know that about 25% Of all the people who might grab a VIP upgrade like this might become a client of mine eventually. Then I know that I need to get for every new client that's going to become a client of mine. I need to find at least four people to buy into a low ticket offer you Okay, so to promote these offers, what we do is we use

[1121:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: social media, we can use Facebook ads, we can use organic social media, you can also use JV affiliate partners, okay. And this kind of goes into a lot of the nitty gritty of what we coach people on in the accelerator program is, how do you actually get all of this off the ground and you get this running, the first stages that you want to do is you want to build out your offer, you want to build out a lead magnet of some kind. So what we recommend that you do is we recommend that you use a very simple technology tool, I like to use Squarespace to be able to put together a lead magnet that grows your email list that gets people to sign up with you. And your goal is to build trust with people. Okay? The only reason that people become a client of yours, the only reason that people actually purchase from you and buy anything from you is because they trust you to deliver on what you say that you are going to deliver on. Okay, so to be able to attract the right people to you, you have to put together a landing page like you see right here. With sales copy, that has language, that people can sign up with their name and email address, and then this goes over to your email list. You can follow up with those people, you can send what's called retargeting ads, you can retarget them with additional offers. And what this does is this allows you to things you can nurture the relationship to build trust, people will continue to follow you, they might engage with other pieces of content that you have. And then eventually, when they they get tired of experiencing, what they're experiencing, where they're struggling, where they're not getting the results that they want. And they want something different, and they want to work with you to get them the result that they desire. This turns into a sale as far as this goes, okay? So your offer has to communicate with the language of the offer, with the sales copy, and the words that are in the advertisement in a way that attracts the people that you're looking to reach the algorithm on social media. The algorithm on social media ends up tuning and honing in on who you're going to reach based on the words that you're using to explain what it is that you're actually delivering to them the algorithm, there's an AI that actually reads it and decides, who do we show this ad to. And then what you can do is you can create campaigns, if you're running organic traffic, or you're running ads, it will push it out to more people based on honing in and dialing into who are the right people that I want to reach as far as this goes. So what you have to do is this, you have to put together your offer stack. So this starts with once you decide on your topic and who you're going to help and who you're going to serve. You write some sales copy. And in the sales copy, this is where you're brainstorming, what you're going to deliver. The AI can help you brainstorm this as far as this goes. And then what we do is we develop our funnel. Okay, so our funnel includes landing page, it includes content, it includes advertisements, if you're going to run ads as far as that goes. It includes a purchase page where people can purchase from you. There's a lot of great software's out there that you can do to put this together. I use one that's called Think if ik.com to run mine, there's others like Kajabi that are incredible. We have courses in my coaching program that actually guide you through all of those processes, on how to put all of those together. You can then show up with people through zoom calls to deliver the coaching. You can show up in a Facebook group with people and then from there, what you end up doing is you communicate with people that once you get them to sign up for your offer right here. The sales copy. And the things that you put in your content are attracting people to a page to give you their name and email address of some kind, you're able to follow up with them to make that connection to dive deeper into that connection. And what you're really, really, really wanting to do is you're wanting to gather them into some piece of content that they have to sign up or register for. So this could actually look like this, you could do a number of different pieces of content you could do, and this is one of the new ones that we're testing out, you could do a 20 minute micro class, you launch a 20 minute micro class. And what we do is this is actually this use of what we call the reverse webinar model. So it's a reverse webinar, it's in reverse order, where you actually step one, you tell them about what you have for sale at first. So there's nothing hidden, they're not expecting it to be a sales pitch. It's not even intended to be a sales pitch, it's a very soft sales process. You can even do it without a sales pitch, if you don't want to pitch them on this. That way, it literally feels pure and authentic. And there's nothing that you're selling. But you do want to mention to people what you have for sale, that's one of the number one things that I would say, if you can grow in your personal development you can grow in your confidence in is asking for the sale, is telling people I have something for you to buy is telling people there is something for you to purchase at the end of this. And you can attach bonuses and gifts and things like that to it, then you go into the implementation. Okay. This is the strategy, how many y'all have been on those webinars where it's all like a bunch of testimonies and, and it's like the massive story of the person who's teaching the webinar, and they're not actually giving you any of the strategy of what it actually takes to succeed, right? I've been a part of those two, they stink, they suck, you don't want to be a part of those, the reverse webinar order, you actually are telling them what you have to offer already. So you rip the band aid off early, then you're actually giving them the promise implementation right here. And then you close it out. By doing a little bit about your story about how you got there, how you learned it your background, you might have like an elevator pitch version of that at the beginning right here. And then you mentioned to them again, what you have to offer as far as that goes. And you might see it into it a few times. A mention is what you have to offer. By the way, you might have noticed that I'm actually sort of using this reverse webinar approach a little bit here today, that we went right into it with the implementation and the strategy and what it takes as far as that goes. Okay, so here's the goal of this, this gets people on your email list. And what you can do is you got one or two things, people will actually become a client. If they don't, you can retarget them with a longer form 90 to 120 minute training. You might say, well, I don't know what to talk about for that long. Well, that's exactly what we coach you through in my accelerator program is how to come up with what you're going to say in these webinars what you're going to say in your content, how do you actually come up with what that is? What is the structure? What is the cadence? And then how can you feel confident to be able to explain that to people for that. So the goal is with this is that then from here, they can make a decision, because they connected with you number one over here, number two over here. And they can make a decision to purchase from you. If they don't, here's the good news. They're either still on your email list, or they'll unsubscribe, and then what you can do, as you might have content that you put on YouTube. And there's actually a strategy to do this where you don't have to take a bunch of time playing this content hamster wheel. One of the biggest mistakes that people make is that they're trying to throw darts at the wall and see what sticks. When we use artificial intelligence. It saves us all of this time to wonder what should I talk about? The AI can help give you an outline of what to talk about. And when it comes from the heart. And you learn truly what I encourage people to do is breathe through it. calm your nervous system down. It might be challenging, you might be experiencing something that you've never experienced before it might be difficult. We might have fear of how people are going to, to to listen to us, when we can create safety for people in these spaces. And we start showing up authentically. And we're not trying to posture ourselves as somebody that we're not. And we're able to actually show up as somebody that we trust. Really our that's truly connected to our essence and our being. We don't have to fake it till we make it.

[1282:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: We just be ourselves. And now here's the beauty of this that I teach people is that you want to adopt what's called an experimentation mindset. The experimentation mindset is this. The I am going to experiment just to see what happens, I'm going to try it out. And I'm going to release something that's an alpha, release, or a beta test, to get out there to connect with the people that I meant to connect with. And one of the biggest mistakes that I see people make is that they put it way high up on a pedestal, that their marketing has to be perfect before they go out there. And I get it, because everything in our life has taught us up to this moment in time that everything needs to be perfect, or we're not safe. And we want to make sure that we are a good steward of our time, and that things actually work well, and that we're not wasting time that they produce results. But the problem is, is that this is that when that gets stuck in our head,

[1302:36] Speaker 0: we end up procrastinating and taking longer than we need to. And then when we actually put something out there, we've already extended the timeline out of how long it takes. Because we've let our fears and our worries of what other things going wrong and and not working out run us and how many of y'all are tired of that hamster wheel. We have to get to a place where we can trust the process. And one of the best ways to be able to do that is to get into an environment of people that are actually doing it together with you not going about it on your own not struggling or striving or feeling like you're the only one and you got people in your life that don't believe in you. And you're and you're wishing that you could take action through this process. And then you go out there and you got negativity from people on social media, can I tell you this people on social media are harsh.

[1317:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're mean.

[1318:15] Speaker 0: They're not the nicest people in the world. I bet the nastiest things I've ever been told by people on webinars just like this, where I'm pouring my heart and soul out to help people to help them see how simple it is that we've been overcomplicating it, and that they don't have to go about it on their own, and that there's actually a way out of the stress and out of the struggle.

[1325:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that when they can work with somebody that can bridge the gap for them that they don't have to worry about all the pitfalls that happen. One of the biggest problems is, is that when people go out there, and by the way, this is exactly what you're selling to people as well. Your clients live right here. And their goals and their dreams and aspirations are right here.

[1333:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: But right here, there's a bunch of sharks and demons and scary stuff. And they don't have the power or the skill to make the leap to get over here. So what you are as a coach is you're over here and this is a bridge and you're able to extend that bridge down to them. And then you walk across the bridge right here and hold their hand to get to where they want to go now that might not be their final destination. But what they're willing to do is can you to extend the bridge, you tell them it's going to cost you $497 Because the bridge has maintenance costs and and I got I gotta make a living and this is what I do and stuff like that. No, no, Can I Can I ask you this? How many y'all if you knew that somebody wanted to get here, you would feel dirty or nasty asking for people to pay you to cross that bridge and you felt that out of the goodness of your heart you should just do it for free since it's just so simple to just drop the bridge to get it down there. I used to be that way. And I just And we might stand here today. I just wish people would come and use my bridge. I just wish people would come and and want to just Walk the bridge with me while you're sitting there starving and struggling, and the bridge is breaking down and, and it's not very safe looking as far as that goes because you're operating in fight or flight and you don't feel the safety. And you're just you're just you just want to know how to pay the bridge rent. That's where most coaches and mentors are. And they're thinking. And maybe at one time they've been, they saw a salesperson that was sleazy and slimy and made them feel insecure. And they said some things that that just didn't feel right. And they, and they experienced trauma. And they've been hurt. And they've been burned before. How many of you have been burned before? I know I have. We got to choose to do better. And to be able to choose to do better, we have to upgrade our thinking, and our mindset out of feeling like we should feel guilty for charging for the thing that comes so easy for us, right? It's so easy, I just extend the bridge down.

[1381:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you got to make money at it. And that takes a skill set. And that takes you growing in confidence and belief in yourself. That takes you learning how to connect and communicate with people. And I'll tell you this, one of the best ways to learn how to do that one of the best ways to grow in that skill set is to get coaching and mentoring and a plug into a proven system that can get you there. Something that can walk alongside you're working with somebody that can extend a bridge like this with you. Can I tell you this as well, one of the biggest things that I find is this is that if you're not willing to make an investment, your clients probably will not as well. I see people so often they're looking to use free software tools and free this and free that and and do all the free stuff. And they got a scarcity, lack mindset. And truthfully, you might say, well, Jeremiah, of course I do. I don't I can't even pay my bills. I don't have enough money. Have you seen the economy today? I have. But you have to upgrade yourself into a mindset of abundance. And believing in what's possible. And not operating in memory. And what you're experiencing in the here and now right now and letting what you're experiencing, run you and choose what you're willing and able to do. Now again, I'm not asking you to lie or cheat or steal or do anything that's dishonest at all, never. But you do have to step into a different way of thinking and operating. So that you can start to walk this path and walk other people along that path as well. Because what that does is it shows that you are safe. And it shows that you are somebody that people can trust. And it shows that you're somebody that actually does what they say they're going to do. And when you can show up with that confidence. And that confidence isn't just a false sense of confidence that we're posturing ourselves, we got ourselves all amped up and excited and stuff like this. But it actually comes from a place of I really believe in myself and I believe in my product and I believe in the value of what it is and the value of what we're offering and the impact that it has on people.

[1421:35] Speaker 0: Maybe you're watching this right now and you're like Jeremiah, I just don't know if I have what it takes to be able to do that. That's okay, I didn't either. When I got started, I had some skill set and I had learned how to build these businesses and I had built businesses alongside founders and business owners to 10s of millions of dollars. But when I started in my own coaching business on my own, after working with Sandy Krakowski, I struggled to make more than 1000 to $2,000 a month. Why? Because I didn't believe that I was worthy of people investing with me, even though I had some of the best courses and the best content and the best information and then what ended up happening was when I would try to present or sell my offer, my lack of self belief would eke out an excuse out all over everybody and they could tell that I didn't believe in myself. And they didn't want to believe in me either.

[1436:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because what ends up happening is is how we believe in ourselves gets reflected and mirrored back to us in the clients that we're working with and the clients that we're reaching and the energy that we have shows up in that so if i Don't believe or trust in myself, I'm going to not be able to get other people to as well. And that's exactly what the currency of business is, is that people have to trust that your bridge is actually going to work and it's not going to break, and it's not going to crash. And they're not going to end up in the pit of despair. Where they want to avoid. And how can you do all that by learning how to tell better stories, by learning how to communicate better, by operating in a framework that takes the hero's journey, or you create your client, as the hero on their journey, and you show up right here as the mentor, to bring them from point A to point B, and provide them with the support the accountability, and the help that they want. Let's go back to this page right here. Our offer stack the results that they expect to get from you those results that they're buying into your this not just the information, not just accountability, not just transformation, not just support, but actual results that they can trust. And your goal is this, you gotta gotta gotta get people to the place where they trust in you, your product, your coaching program, the transformation you're going to deliver that they trust in the information that they trust, and the support that they trust and the accountability, and then your offer, the sales, copy your advertisement, the emails that you send the webinar, the video content all has to get them to a place of trusting you getting to a level 10 trust with you. So that they take a risk with you, and what are they risking? Even if it's a free offer? Well, they're risking their time. They're risking embarrassment. They're risking feeling like they wasted their time or, or investment. If they spend money with you, they're risking? Is this going to work? Or is this going to lead me on a hamster wheel of what's not working. And so when you can learn to put together an offer that does all of those things, and you can encompass it in a in an offer package that you're able to promote, that builds trust with people effectively. And you can find the right people, promote it to them. And then close the sale. That turns into six and seven figures for you when you do that consistently. The problem is, is that this is that most coaches that I mean, don't do that consistently. They can't do that consistently. They don't believe that they can do that consistently, or they're setting the foundations that they're trying to get all these pieces together. And truly, they're just not ready yet. I think that getting ready is a belief that we have it's a limiting belief of I'm not ready, we tell ourselves, I'm not ready to do this, I'm not ready to jump in, or learn how to do this or start to implement this today. And we start second guessing and questioning the very thing that we just told ourselves the day before that we wanted to do ye because we puts a mirror up to our face. What are we afraid of? What do we not want to happen? And our brain starts replaying the memories and the things that we don't want to happen are the stories that we've heard the horror stories of other people and the stuff that we don't want to go on when we work with a with a coach or a mentor. And that's exactly what happens with your clients.

[1509:49] Speaker 0: And then we're worried about well what if they're disappointed in my offer and we're worried about what if they don't like me and we're and we end up going into this people pleasing approval seeking cycle.

[1513:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're we're working so hard to gain the approval of other people that we miss the beauty and the value that we have right inside of us. And that we actually procrastinate and we avoid doing the work because a it doesn't feel fun. B It might even make us feel nauseous and see we need to actually not let those feelings stop. upon us, and learn to put one foot in front of the other and take a leap of faith and a step of faith, just like our friend here with the bridge

[1524:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's draw another one right here, right

[1527:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have this right here we have our little bridge right here. Here's you, the mentor, you walked across from the from the stable over here, here's your friend right here that you've met. And by the way, that's exactly what you want to do is you want to create friendship, you want to create connection right here. And there's still the pit of despair. There's still all this stuff that can happen. But we ended up being timid and we ended up not walking across the bridge, because even though it's right there, and with still validated, we still just don't feel safe to go across. And that's exactly what ends up happening with your clients, is why they don't sign up, they don't feel like it's safe to show up on the call, they don't feel like it's safe to listen to you. They think it's a waste of time to build to watch this training. They don't think it's going to actually deliver to that. And what can we do to solve that, we can learn to get better with the words that we say and how we communicate, and be able to use technology to automate all of this to save us time, so that we don't have to burn out, we can use technology to reach the right people, and actually show them and demonstrate to them that this is safe. And we actually get to create an offer. That removes a lot of the risk for people. This is why we use money back guarantees. This is why we include certain bonuses. This is why we share testimonies and case studies, which you want to gather those, even if you don't have them in the beginning, that's okay. But at the end of the day two things have to happen. Number one, you have to take the risk to put yourself out there to promote and to put an offer out there and most people won't do that 95% of the people that I meet, refuse to take the first step to be able to even create a landing page, or even ask for help, or even ask questions out of fear of embarrassment, or they're worried about looking stupid, or they're worried about not getting the answer that they want, as far as that goes. This is why most 95% of people never actually experienced the goals that they're trying to accomplish in their life. But the ones who are willing to take a risk to actually put themselves out there to actually launch something, and to actually start putting one foot in front of the other to start to promote their business, start to create an offer to start to create a landing page and a lead magnet and to create some content and to create some social media advertisements and to do a sales offer. And again, you don't have to work more than 10 to 15 hours a week to do this.

[1571:23] Speaker 0: The biggest reason why we end up working more so often is because we're afraid of it not being good enough if we worked less, when in fact, you got to eliminate like 90% of a lot of the busy work that you're doing. And that's exactly what I walked people through in my accelerator program, what are the essentials? What are the things that are not going to waste your time what is actually going to get you the results that you're looking for. And then I come alongside you.

[1578:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I say look over here is six figures. And it's not a fantasy. And it can be possible for you. All you got to do is walk across the bridge. And by the way, I'll take you across the bridge. And you can stay here for 30 days. And if you want to go back risk free. I'll give you your $197 back. So I'm removing the financial risk from this. All they gotta do is just take a step over here. And I've said by the way, even that, I'm also going to give you three gifts that are going to help you get ready when you're ready to go across even if you want to do it without me. And you get to keep those even if you tell me you want to go back and you want your money back after 30 days. And that is how you create an irresistible offer. As you put together something that solves the direct problem that people want. It delivers to them exactly what they're looking for. And it builds trust with them, to show them that they can accomplish it. You know Again, you've heard me mentioned about my accelerator program. And that's something that I am very, very passionate about. It's something I spend, every single week I work with our clients in our Facebook group through this, we've opened the doors on our waiting list to the client growth accelerator program right here. And you can actually find this over on my website, and we'll send you a link to it as well. And you get to work with me, to help you go across your bridge, to help you attract a ton of clients, close more sales, get repeat sales, and actually build a sustainable financial business that you want. You get to work with me, so that you're not wondering, Am I on the right path? Is this going to work to save you years of trial and error to get unstuck?

[1615:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is your blueprint for success right here.

[1617:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I want to walk you through this. Okay, inside of our accelerator program. What I help you do is this, let me let me, let me draw it on the whiteboard here, and then we'll pull it back up. Okay, I'm going to help you find your niche. I'm going to help you write your sales copy. We're going to help you optimize your ad campaigns and master the skill of selling online. The problem that people have is they have very complicated messaging. They don't know how to explain it, they have low impact. And they have sporadic cash flow. And what we do is I like to flip that on its head. I'm gonna help you find your niche, step by step walk you through this process. I'm gonna help you write your sales copy, optimize your content, ads and funnels together, we're gonna work on this together, I'm gonna help you master the skill of selling so that you have persuasive messaging, so that you can have massive impact and consistent cash flow to create financial and time freedom for yourself. And what we've done is we've actually put this together in our number one, that's the most complete training system in here, called the total online six figure roadmap. It's exactly step by step what to do to find your ideal client to promote your offer, and how to close the sale. And I walk with you through step by step how to do that in a training like this. There's not enough time for me to break down and open up okay, how do we set up your business? And how do we how do we structure it in a way? And what do you got to put for like, the legal framework and the privacy policy? And and then how do you actually find the people? And how do you build out the landing page? And how do you write the copy and all of that we're going to work with you through all of that inside of here. And you have a whole library of courses that we've developed that you can go through to work with me on this. And you can check those out on here. What we've done is we've actually developed this out to where when you log into the accelerator program, when you jump in, you get two things. And this is kind of the main part of how it works out. Is there six main portals that you go into, we have the Start Here section, that's what the total online blueprint is. We have our monthly group coaching calls. These are actually weekly group coaching, I should actually change that to say weekly group coaching calls, but they're broken down by month as far as that goes, if you go in there, so like if I log in, you'll actually see under monthly group coaching calls that we have May, April, March, February, and it goes all the way back to July 2022. And then we have broken down in each each call. You can see the topics discussed, we have the transcript of what it is. You can read through the transcript of the call, you can find the topic. And these are the live calls that we have. You can review them you can go through them. You can check out I'm coaching here, I'm training. I'm answering questions. We're working with you through everything in your business together. We're going through all kinds of different stuff, your ads, your copy frameworks, all of that that I'm coaching you through in here. Okay. You get the beginner courses, intermediate learning law In the learning library these beginner courses break down a number of different topics from audience building mindset content creation, Facebook ads funnel building the intermediate courses these these go through how to automate your business how to put it on autopilot when you can use automated webinars sequences and email sequences, how to create recurring revenue and a membership site, how to optimize your ads, how to follow up with people how to do with your email marketing and then the learning library this is like this is like a vault of just they're not essential courses but there's just like everything from strategy to we have a video editing course in here to successful How to Sell how to use Zoom chat, GBT copywriting Tik Tok ads, you can see all of this is in here. And every course, here's the other thing inside of every single course, you can read about it in an introductory lesson, it tells you about what the course is about. You know, let's check this one out right here mastering individual sales. It's a guide to one on one sales closing where I talk about how to build trust, effective communication, closing techniques. And then each lesson has a video lesson from me. It has a checklist of what I actually talked about in the lesson and what you need to do. There is a summary that you can read through. So you could literally check out the checklist in summary and kind of find the exact part that you want to learn and a transcript of every single lesson that you could read through if you're a really fast reader. So all of this is in there for you to access. Plus, you get the private Facebook community, this is our Facebook group, with our members that we work with you through and you can make posts in there. Anytime you want to you can share what you're going through what you're dealing with. And we and we work with our members through a number of different things in their businesses, to help them get more results. Here's kind of a picture of the group right here. You can see

[1718:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can see right here, where I'm going through this okay. And so you can see all the different people and the posts and the stuff that we're working with our clients here inside of this group. It's amazing. And so you get that as well as you get weekly coaching calls, you get access for you and your team, you get a growing list of our service providers that you can talk to step by step checklists, hotseat, and copy reviews. And if that wasn't enough, what I'm throwing in is that if you try this out for 30 days, just 30 days, that's all I'm asking you, we have a money back guarantee, you can read it at the at the bottom of the site right here. Absolutely incredible risk free 30 Day Money Back Satisfaction Guarantee, I want to remove the risk from it. No questions asked. If after 30 days, you're not a you're not about it, we'll give you your money back. What is all this cost to get the gifts and to join this? Well, enrollment is open until Tuesday, June 11. And that's when we close the doors. And that's when we're closing off enrollment. And then we're not taking any more clients anymore. And so you can get grandfathered in at either $997 for six months. Or join monthly for just $197 and both of these you can save you can get about a month free just just under a month free if you take the six months, or it's $197 per month. And all you got to do today is if you jump in you grab a month. You say Jeremiah, I want to check this out for a month I want to see what it's about. I want to see if this is for me

[1749:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can click this link right here. Register, put in your put in your details on there. And then you'll get immediate access to the members area to all the classes to all the courses to be able to go through and then what we're doing is we're actually hosting a jumpstart call. We're we're doing our bonus training here. Next week, June 12. Fast Start Training. These are some of the bonuses that you get on Wednesday next week we're hosting a live Fast Start Training to help get you up to speed quickly. To help you know exactly how to use the program exactly where to go exactly what steps to take, you get access to all of the courses that are in the area there. And again, you can read through this on your own on the page all about the courses. The free gift courses you get landing page blueprint, how to build out your landing page, the structure the technology part about all that you get Facebook ads basics for newbies, it's my best Facebook ads course for you, yours totally free just for trying it out for 30 days, you get the funnel building Made Easy course funnel building for Squarespace, where I walk you through step by step how to build out funnels, and the easiest to build platform on the planet. On squarespace.com that I use all of my landing pages and funnels are all built in Squarespace, the library of courses audience building, how to build an audience of people that are going to buy from you the steps to become a six figure coach, five minute Content Creation Blueprint how to take no more than five minutes to come up with content, ideas, how to run successful webinars and challenges. irresistible offers how to automate everything pro video editing, how to run an impactful mastermind or coaching group. This is essential for how to actually run a group program that I break down for you how to create the best sales copy with chat GPT funnel, if you want to use a STEMI IO, we have a training on systemic IO. And we're adding new trainings every single month for technology. And for all the latest different platforms. We got a MailChimp training right here, we're probably adding in the new training on mailer light. This one is all about outsourcing and team building, we give you access to our database of service providers that you could actually hire that can work with you. Some of them are overseas, and you can hire them for less than $5 an hour to help you build out a lot of this for you if you're overwhelmed by the different tech pieces, but you shouldn't be overwhelmed, because we've made it so simple and so easy for you to follow. And you can check out there's a number of different courses in here, like I mentioned. I know I'm scrolling through it fast, but we got to get to our VIP here. Listen, if you are somebody who is a coach, or a mentor and you want to grab grab these oh, by the way, I forgot to tell you as well. This weekend, exclusive for those that are in the program, we're hosting our offer Launchpad two day experience. Now you get the recordings to this as well as a bonus and all of our other past offer Launchpad masterminds, but we're also throwing in this is live from noon, to 4:30pm. Eastern Time, from about 11am to 3:30pm. It's basically an all day thing, multiple sessions right before lunch, and then to dinnertime. Friday and Saturday, June 7 Through June 8, we're hosting a two day experience to help you build and launch your offer. We're gonna go deeper into what we're talking about here. And we're going to work with our group. And so you can see how everybody's implementing this and putting all of this together. So not only do you get that you get to use that not only do you get the Fast Start Training to get you up to speed quickly. Not only do you get to keep the bonuses on Facebook ads and your landing pages and the technology pieces, and all of that can read the testimonies here and the different clients that we've worked with, like Rick Pitino that we helped make eight figures in his business or Joshua Giles, a seven figure coaching business, or sandy Gronkowski. Building nine figures and profits, or dawn are Dr. Shawn deep, six figures in his first test campaign, or Judy $37,000 or Dr. Bobby He found me randomly in a Facebook group and made $12,000 just on a whim, testing us out, you know, I'm sure he was a little bit skeptical. Even. These are clients that we've worked with. And you can read their stories here on this page, incredible people that I have the honor and privilege to be able to work with every single day. And so listen, if you want to work with me to go through this process that I talked about right here to help you find your niche, write your sales, copy, create that persuasive messaging, create consistent cash flow, how to optimize your content and funnels and ads, how to master the skill of selling without being salesy or sleazy or slimy and how to do exactly what it takes to be successful.

[1834:56] Speaker 0: How to have a proven model and how to put it together. That doesn't burn you out. That doesn't stress you out. I would encourage you jump into the client growth accelerator program before we close enrollment on Tuesday, June 11. Some people might I'd be asking Jeremiah, how does this compare to other programs? Well, a lot of people have told me that a lot of programs are just theory based, they don't actually give you what it takes to make money, they don't have a lot of support, and you can't work with the actual coach. They don't have a lot of the right complete training, it's not a complete system, and you're lacking as far as what it takes. And you already need a huge audience to be successful, you don't need a huge audience with this. And then then they don't have a very good money back guarantee, you gotta like to hop on a call or do a crazy, like, you got to show them how far in the course you've gone. We don't have any of that we have a hassle free money back guarantee, no hassle, no sales call, we're not going to try to repeat you. There's nothing sleazy here.

[1852:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I answer any question that you have in our system, from tech to marketing, to sales to lead generation and more, in our trainings, you get weekly calls with me, personally, every single week to ask your questions, and ongoing support, you get the Facebook group to post in every single day, for 24/7 access to answers that are never stuck or wondering what to do next, we give you a process of exactly how to pre sell your program to do the alpha release approach, I'm going to hold your hand through the entire process, and give you exact examples and details of what to do and how to do it. So that you can copy it and implement it to get results in your business. Listen, I'm gonna give 110% to you. If you're in here, with every single one of our clients, that's me right there. And that's my promise and commitment to you. And I believe that together that we can help you create the kind of results that you want. Jump in, try it out for 30 days, see the difference that it makes to be a part of a system, and a part of a community that truly has your back. You know, when I got started, in this business, I had a dream to be able to do this. And I struggled to know how to communicate and sell and I was homeschooled and I and I didn't have the people skills to be able to stand here today to be able to talk with you i I lacked the confidence to be able to do what I'm doing here today. I didn't I didn't believe in myself. And even though I had been around a lot of successful people, and even had been successful as a CEO, building companies, I didn't believe that I could actually sell myself to people in a coaching business. And I had to learn exactly what it takes mentally, what the strategies are with marketing, how do you communicate? Well, how do you show up in the right energy to be able to create the environment that gets people to become our clients. And that's exactly what I want to pass on to you. And if you get anything from this, take this.

[1888:37] Speaker 0: The game of growing in your ability to be able to launch an offer that gets more clients is about learning how to connect with people. And sometimes that can be scary, because people can hurt us. People are scary. But it's the number one thing that we have to risk, we have to put ourselves out there to be able to build a business. And you don't have to go about it. You don't have to do it on your own. And it would be my honor to work with you and hold your hand through this process. It would be my honor to walk with you through this and to help amplify your voice so that people can actually see the goal that I know that you have.

[1901:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: You have something inside of you that the world needs. It's time to stop staying silent. It's time to stop playing small. It's time to stop wishing and wondering what it might look like if we take action. Maybe you're like I don't know. $197 is a lot. It's kind of a big commitment. Can I tell you this, most of the people who end up joining told me they would have paid 10 times that if they had known before they jumped in what they would have gotten. And most people figure that out within the first 30 days. Here's the other crazy thing. Very few people actually asked for their money back because they realize that they finally found a program that truly cares about them that truly has the information they're looking for. And that truly is going to show them exactly what it takes to get results like we've helped our clients do. And it would be my honor and privilege to work with you and to help get you those results and to move forward with you in this conversation. Now, we're about to go into our VIP session. I'm going to Take a little bit of a break here to go, you know, to go wash up gonna go to the washroom have a drink of water, as far as this goes, I'll give you some time to do that as well, if you have not grabbed the VIP upgrade, and you want to get access to lifetime access to the bonus trainings that are a part of this session. But listen, I mean, those alone are incredible. There's like, I put four in the group that everybody gets free. And then there's there's four that you get as part of the boat as part of that bonus, and then you also get the q&a call with me that we're about to go into, it's only $17 jump into that you have until Tuesday to make the decision to either jump into the accelerator program, or to grab that VIP upgrade. As far as that goes again, I believe in you and I know that you can succeed. And here's the other thing that I want to tell you. Not only can you get those free gifts, they're yours to keep just for trying out the accelerator program for 30 days. Even if you ask for your money back, you get to keep those courses, they're literally the most important. Best courses for your next step of what to know what to do with your landing page and your ads and building out a funnel. You're gonna love them. But I'm also hosting. And I haven't told anybody about this, we're gonna send out an email and we're gonna, we're going to talk about this, I am also hosting a bonus. Live q&a Day. On Tuesday, June 11, at 2pm, Eastern, one central 11am Pacific, I'm hosting a free Ask Me Anything bonus live q&a, okay. And so I'm going to send this out to my whole email list, I'm going to tell everybody about it on my social media as well. So there's going to be a lot of people on it, you're gonna be able to learn a lot about various different tactics and things like that as well. Okay, this is free that everybody can get access to, to ask me questions, it's only gonna be an hour long. I'm setting a hard stop on that on Tuesday, June 11. And that's the same day that the doors closed as well to the accelerator program. So make sure that you jump in before then, as well. But I'm throwing in this bonus, because I want to work with you. And I want to talk with you as well beyond just the session. And I want to see first off number one, leave some comments below this, either in the Zoom chat, I can go check those out and look at them. But also go into the Facebook group, go into this Facebook group and leave some questions as well in the Facebook group below the live post that's in here. And I'll come back throughout the week. And I'll respond back to those questions as well. I want to work with you and I don't want this to be the last time that we see each other the last time that we talked together.

[1966:36] Speaker 0: And I'd be honored and privileged if you let me do that. All right. So for those of you that are in our VIP, I can't wait to see you over there. I'm gonna go head on over to that training. And we'll talk soon. I'll see you over there in a sec. Have a good one.

