Sales Letter and LAnding PAge Copy - Lesson 5
Date: 2024-12-30T05:48:24.000Z
Duration: 13 min
Otter ID: QmWa78cBJUKici0va3MqLAfGqXs
---

[0:09] Speaker 0: All right. So now that we have our landing page ready to go, what I want to talk about is just some of the things that we can do to finalize and utilize some of these different landing page things, some different AI things that we can do as well. Now having the landing page done and ready to go, that's enough to be able to create a lot of the other marketing materials that you need to in your business. So one of the things that I want to show you is how we actually can use the AI to create some of the copy for our ads and things like that. And I'm going to pull that up here in just a second. Let's pull this up right here. Okay, so let's say that this is our landing page right here. In fact, let me use this one right here as an example, because we just finished this one up. We utilize this webinar right here. Okay, this one with Sandy Krakowski that we put together. So you can take the sales copy right here. This is how I would do for all of the ads that we put together. As you can take the sales copy from the landing page, copy that. So you want to select all of it, copy and paste it, and you can turn this into different marketing materials. This is how we would create emails to market it. This is how we would create a lot of the differences that take the following offer and write me for Facebook ads to promote this offer. Okay, and so it's going to be able to create whatever, basically translate whatever format or or idea that we have into whatever format that we request. So this is really valuable, to be able to promote our offer to people. And I tell and I tell people that the landing page itself that you created, that's always going to be your starting point for creating the actual marketing materials to market or promote whatever offer that you have. Okay, so definitely Facebook ads, I always do that. Let's try this. Write me up an email to my email list to promote this offer. So if I take that, I can have it create me an email to send to my list all about the actual offer itself. It's like this, and maybe we can say, can you make this more informal and persuasive? Okay,

[46:12] Speaker 0: so that's one of the things that we'll do. Is is be able to do that and and now the next thing is, I want you to constantly keep an eye on sales copy as it comes across your desk. Take a look at the different landing pages that we've talked about throughout this course. Anytime that there's an offer that somebody's promoting, that they're sending to you that has sales copy, take a look at that. Make sure to pay attention to that as it comes across your desk, and be able to tell that, okay, this is good sales copy. This is not necessarily the best sales copy, being able to tell the difference between, like, what is really good sales copy and what isn't by looking at different offers that are out there. The way that you're going to really recognize what good sales copy and what is not is pay attention on your news feed, click on different offers, click on different ads that people have that are in your niche, and pay attention to what is in these offers, what is being promoted that's out there. And what this is going to do is it's going to help you get a real good gage on what good sales copy is, what good written sales copy is, what the best way to promote your offers is in your business. Okay, so just stay, stay up on paying attention to that. Now, the other thing that I like to do, just to improve my sales copy, is I might take a sales letter that we have right here, and this just helps keep me sharp. And I'm going to pull this up in here, and I'm going to say, act as an expert

[75:38] Speaker 0: in sales copywriting and write me an assessment of the following sales copy. Okay, assessment of the following sales copy for ways that I can improve the copy. Okay?

[84:24] Speaker 0: And so what this does, and I do this all the time with our different sales letters and things like that, is, I'll tell the AI to act as an expert in writing a sales copy and to assess it, to give us ways that we can improve the copy. And this will also help teach us, you know, what's good, what's not about the copy. It's really good at this. Strength, clear, audience, empathy, connection, transformation, promise, stronghold, action, areas of improvement, optimizing the headline. You know, finally, Master menopause, reclaim your energy. One hour webinar, clarity and focus. Some sentences. Sentences might be wordy, stronger. Benefit organization, if you feel like I'm saying of your life, make it say, take back control of your best life. Then you can get a little bit caught up in this and overthink and over analyze some of these things. We don't want to overthink and over analyze what can be better or what could not for our offers. So realize that sometimes, like over analysis can cause analysis paralysis can cause us to get stuck with putting something out there, but using the AI to help us with this is a good thing, and that's the last thing that I want to share with you. Is just that when it comes to your sales copy, when it comes to your landing pages, we can get so caught up in overthinking. Oh, is it perfect? Is it good enough? Is it ready to launch? Is it ready to put out there? And we get so caught up in trying to make it, make the sales copy be good enough to launch out to the public. I find myself doing this on my myself, and it's one of those things that like it doesn't help us, is that we constantly getting in that loop of, oh, improvement, sales, copy, improvement. I'm improving the copy. I'm making it better and better and better, and we're not launching it. I want you to take all the stuff that we've taught in this course, create your sales letter, create your landing page. Put it together on a landing page. Builder something very simple. You don't need to overthink it. You don't need to over analyze it and then launch it, and don't go into the process of improving your copy until you've actually put it out there, until you've actually launched it to other people. This is one of the biggest things that I will say will help you, because I've seen it. People will do it'll take a year of editing their sales copy, when they should have launched new iterations every month or so, to improve it, and that would have been much better than sitting on it for a year, is to launch it out to the public and then improve it over time, and so don't get so caught up in the analysis paralysis of the improvement process that we don't actually launch it, that we don't actually Put it out there to people, because we're of afraid of it not working or not being good enough. The difference maker for you between that tiny tweak improvement and actually launching it is so minuscule that it's not going to it's going to hurt you a lot more in the long run, to constantly be perfecting or making your sales copy perfect in the long run. So go put it out there. Go launch it. Go see what kind of results the sales copy produces for you. Be a student of other people's sales copy. Be paying attention to different offers. You know, all the stuff that I just shared with you in this too, you could take other people's landing pages and have the AI help you improve stuff like that, but we don't want to get to the point where we're so analyzing the perfection of sales copy that we're not actually going to launch something, we're not actually going to put something out there in the public's eye, that we're not actually going to like get real people to see it, and that's the number one indicator, not the self analysis or the AI analysis, but rather, how do real people respond to these offers? And I can tell you that it's better to launch something imperfectly when it comes to your offer, when it comes to your landing page, when it comes to your copy, than sitting on it for such a long time to constantly be improving the offer, to make it perfect, to get it out there to people. Okay, so that's the last thing that I just want to leave. With is like, don't get so caught up in that analysis paralysis. Yes, we can use the AI to help us improve things. We can use it to help us come up with better headlines. You can use the AI prompts that we've shared. We can use it to make our sales copy better. But don't get so caught up in that that you're not actually putting it out there to people to launch because you're going to thank me later. There's something that happens when you actually put yourself out there with an offer, getting it in front of real people to share with them, for them to let you know, what do they think about this offer, rather than sitting on it, to try to make it better in your own internal back and forth. Okay, and so that's going to help make you a lot more money. It's going to help you get a lot better results. To just put it out there. What's the worst thing that can happen, and you might come up with 1001 different things that you think might be the worst thing that can happen. Don't listen to those things. Don't let those things dominate you. I'm telling you, as somebody with the experience in this, it's going to always be better to launch something and then see what the results create. There's creativity that gets unlocked inside of you when you take action, when you put something out there, when you put your sales copy, when you put your landing page together, when you create something and you get it in front of real people, and then you see what that produces it. It unlocks creative potential inside of you that you didn't have that lies dormant when we're overthinking, over analyzing and constantly improving internally, rather than putting it out there to real people. And so go out there, get your offers in front of people, and watch the results that happen from that. And I think you're going to be so thankful that you did, in the long run, that you listened to this rather than trying to be smart, quote, unquote, and make things better by constantly iterating and improving them, you're going to thank me over time by launching it. And I know, and I believe in you, and I know that you can make this work, because it's, it's not rocket science. It's about making connections with other people, and when you make it truly about making a connection with another person, that helps make an emotional connection, not logical, but emotional, with the person to make the decision to work with you, it works so much better in the long run. Alright, we gotta get out of our logical thinking brain when it comes to sales copy, when it comes to landing pages, get into the feeling. Get into the emotion. One of the things that I do to help me when I'm struggling with sales copy, as I have some fun, I have a fun day, I maybe play a video game, or play with my kids or things like that. And I get out of the logic brain side of things, and it helps me tap into what are the things to say that's going to drive people emotionally to take action that's better than anything else, not logic, but emotional connection, and that's what produces the best results. Alright, you can do this. I know you can. I'll talk soon. Have a good one. It's.

