VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-12-30T21:50:17.000Z
Duration: 43 min
Otter ID: CbV0vsmB7b3m1b2CgCYQCrFLado
---

[49:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, David, how you doing?

[49:40] David T: Are we the only ones here right now? I almost didn't show up, actually.

[50:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, I was that.

[51:10] David T: Yeah, I'm out here in California still, and we were loading a trailer full of crap from an old house that we're trying to empty out that belongs to trishana, because she wants to, at some point work on it. Her family's been using it as a storage unit. Okay, second load of U haul, and I got to leave here in about an hour to get there before the dump closes. Okay.

[57:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I just wanted to check in. We don't have to take a long time with this. I want to check in. Where are you at with everything?

[59:14] David T: And I'll tell you where I'm at. I've done really almost nothing, and it's just because I'm overwhelmed here with everything going on. However, I did do something. I finally took a bunch of pictures of myself so I can put into AI, okay, I just need to sit down for an hour and do it. Okay? Because I've had very few pictures of myself. You know,

[63:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been having a lot of fun with Nano. Banana has been really good at using photos. I just took a bunch where it's like this, different angles of me, different facial expressions just sitting in the chair, and they worked really well.

[68:35] David T: So even, like, have my Snapple doesn't

[69:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: have to be your whole body. Yeah, my

[69:52] David T: go to refreshment, refreshment rink

[70:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't have to be your whole body doesn't have to be that.

[71:29] David T: Yeah, I did a lot of phase. I got a few body, partial body shots. I need to play some side pictures, some front, you know, different expressions. So I'm gonna load those in there, and hopefully we'll see what. I'll see what happens with it.

[74:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Play around with Nano banana. And what I like to do is, this is the simplest process is find a photo that you want to replicate a scene of for yourself. Okay, so like, and I know Pinterest is one of the better sites. We can just find a bunch of photos. So like, if we explore, see, yeah, male editorial right here. These are just random photos, not that we would necessarily use these, right and again. Now let's, let's do this. See anything where I'm like, I don't know what to do. I always go back to chat GPT or whatever AI I'm using, and I'm saying I want to find some reference photos for my branding. What terms should I look up on Pinterest? See? So because I'm like, I'm not really thought about this, but it's like, okay, lifestyle brand photography, UGC, ad esthetic, we could type this in lifestyle brand photography, okay? UGC, ad esthetic, right here. Founder, talking head poses. Founder, talking head photos.

[102:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: The This one's interesting right here. I mean, his maybe not the outfit, but like the scene, the

[104:15] David T: scene, yeah,

[104:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, maybe, maybe we pull this right here. And so if I like copy that image,

[108:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, where's it? How do I you

[109:42] David T: may have to open it first somewhere. I don't know.

[111:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you can easily screenshot it too. Yeah, it pulled up just a second ago. Okay, so there's that view larger copy image. Okay, describe this image for a photo editing app, or for, or sorry for an AI image generation out.

[118:35] David T: Okay? And you might

[119:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: not even need to necessarily do that for it, but that's where you can kind of, it'll pull up a prompt for you right there. Then what I did was like, here's one, here's one that I did right here. Like, you know,

[124:40] David T: yeah, totally. A lot of those kind of videos, pictures around him, you know, driving the car down the road,

[125:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: like a different of me right there, with

[126:40] David T: the sun roof open, you know, with the glasses on, pontificating about subject while you're driving,

[128:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but let me open the open the chat. So what it is, this one even threw a this one threw a tattoo on my arm right there.

[130:28] David T: Oh yeah, you're really bad. What I did was,

[131:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was this guy's photo right here. Oh yeah, look at that. So that was the reference photo. And then I threw these ones in here, knee, like this, literally just my face like that. And then I was able to to, like, say, Okay, let's go into in the chat right here. You can do, you can do this from your phone. It's almost easier from your phone, because you can just screenshot everything, yeah, and kind of do that. But let's say, okay, branding reference photo. There's the photo. So now I'm going to paste a couple of these little reference images in of myself so it can get get an image of what I look like there, besides the weight, that one actually does look like me, I would tell it, make it. Make it a little little bit larger, fatter of a guy. I just, it's funny. I'm not trying to make it look like I like, lost weight when I use AI.

[146:07] David T: You want it to be actually, you

[146:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: want it to look close to me as possible, because then it's like, it sort of will. The reason I'm wanting to use it passes much better that way. Okay, so right here, then we can pull this prompt up right there. You can copy the images right from chat. GPT, the case. Now I got three photos of me, the reference photo, plus the description of the reference photo, vertical portrait, young Okay, and I don't have brown skin. I'm not a young man, I'm just going to say that. I'm going to remove how it's describing how the person looks sitting casually and hell. Okay, so now I'm going to put that in there as the prompt to create. And here can do the same thing in nano banana, same kind of, same kind of thing over in Gemini. And then these can become references for videos. That can become references for photos as well. So if I like, for all these right here, this was literally just, I just took it in our bathroom.

[166:17] David T: Okay, has

[166:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: a messy background to it, but it has a decent, pretty good lighting. Was part of why I did it. So pull that up, create images, and I've been just playing around with this type of a thing all all week for different images, I'll say they, they resonate. Well,

[174:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, interesting. Got it? Oh, it didn't generate the photo of me. Oh, look.

[177:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can just drag these back down here. Okay, and then I'm going to tell it, create image. There we go. You

[181:48] David T: have to click on Create Image, or you just tell it,

[182:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I put create image right there.

[182:56] David T: Oh, on that DRAW menu, okay,

[183:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the Nano banana version right there.

[184:35] David T: Not bad,

[184:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, good. So same kind of even like pose, yeah? It was able to analyze his pose, his outfit, all that, yeah? So you can put yourself into any kind of a scene that way and do that, which is pretty cool. Now, this has a watermark on it. If I use a Poe, there's no watermark inside of

[191:12] David T: oh, okay, same, same tool, just without watermark. Yeah. I did sign up for a PoE account.

[193:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome, we I did a took a couple of pictures of did I took this reference image,

[197:52] David T: okay, like

[198:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: a 90s Christmas, and then our our family, the one that was on Instagram, I posted this on Christmas Day. It made our family in the 90s.

[202:05] David T: Oh, that's so cool.

[203:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, I even made a bunch of, like, the kids and stuff like that. So just as far as from a content creation perspective, I also made, like, a kind of like, this was more of one that I made, but I did this where I went outside of Target and I, like, nobody was in the parking lot. And that one got a lot of views. This one got a lot of traction right here, too, or it's just me like circling, smiling with the family, and it has a caption, yeah? So just those types of posts do really well, but yeah, the AI type of stuff like this, there we go. Yep, does pretty good with chat. GBT, yeah, that's really awesome. So because you can't see the size of my body, it's having a hard time telling my bill.

[215:02] David T: Yeah, you're building off

[215:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: of those. So I might pull back the camera a little bit. Yeah, it's like, if you cut, if it was like a cut off at the top there, would look more like me. But so anyways, yeah, just play around with those. Play around with like. That's the technique that I would use to just make different photos and things like that. And then for videos, I would say Higgs field is still probably

[223:28] David T: one of the best videos, still, yeah,

[223:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: video generating ones, because it also has nano banana built into this too. Oh, okay, and you can, you can just create so many different scenes inside of Higgs field. Interesting, discover they're adding so much stuff here. So you could clone a pro. Interesting. This one uses the it uses the rock as Shrek. This is brand new. They just added this so I could clone the project of the rock as Shrek. You don't have permission to copy this contact. Oh, because they're not logged in, that's why. So, yes, they have this new cinema studio in here for creating, like, cinematic video. I need this that's pretty amazing, like, really high end cinematic type video, wow, we can, like, adjust the focal length of the camera and all that. And you just upload an image. You upload an image and describe your scene, and then it'll do a cinematic format of that scene right there. So like Higgs field, really, I think is one of the best. It's kind of like Poe for images and stuff like that. It's one of the best as far as value and cost goes. We got a good deal right now on Higgs field. I have the ultimate account, because it gives you unlimited of all these. Does it different apps right here. So I've been playing around with Hey Jen as well. I was playing around with that today. I want to figure out how to get the scripts down. I know a lady who built her whole page on this. So this is literally just an avatar right here, here, and I want to talk to you about the things that are weighing you down, regret, wasted time, guilt and missed opportunities. So it's like it creates this one was a little bit better heading into a new year. I know exactly what some of you are holding on to. So regret wasted time, missed opportunities. You think if you analyze your past mistakes enough, you won't make them again. And what I might do is I want to get it down to where I have, like, the right script and the right hook, yeah, and the right cadence of it, to where I can upload a few of these a week to YouTube. And what I want to do is I want to just, I have this idea, I have so many videos on YouTube, topics and all this right is I want to just remix my existing videos.

[271:05] David T: Oh, okay, so

[271:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: just take a transcript of existing videos I have, and then have the AI twin remix them. So now I have like, five versions of a video that did really well for me that's based on my content, and then just do that with that. So that's another great, great thing, right there. Okay, uh, shifting gears. I'm glad you're here. There's a book that I just read that was like, Have you heard of the name, uh, David Bayer.

[280:15] David T: I have not. I

[280:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: was talking about him yesterday in the group. So he's a, he's a life coach, business coach, but he really focuses more on, like, mindset. Oh, okay. And so, like, I was even thinking about jumping in, he focuses mostly on people that are, like, where I'm at in my business, or, like, you're already making more than 20, 30,000 a month. Yeah. And, and where's the mindset type of a thing like that. So it's these mind hacks and stuff like this that he goes through. That's his whole thing, the mind hack method. He has a book. His whole method, I'm trying to turn everybody onto his book, because, first off, he teaches it a lot better than like I could teach it right now. I want to, I want to start teaching this method as I start to understand how it works. But he has a book called change your mind. Oh, change your mind. David Bayer, it's right on Audible and it is, is

[297:45] David T: it a changed mind? Is

[298:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that a changed mind? That's it? Yeah. Sorry. Change your audible

[299:12] David T: credit. Left. I should take, and take a leap to have

[299:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: one honestly, like I would use that one audible credit for this book. And it is powerful. It's, it's one of the most powerful books I've read in the last two years. And his whole idea is, this is, Listen, this is the book you read after you've learned everything there is to learn about personal development, Mm, hmm, and you still find yourself stuck in certain areas, oh, and so I'm like, Okay, I'm listening. And he goes through and he just gives a no nonsense concept. That's, it's kind of, it's connected with, like, a little bit of, he's very practical with it, so a little bit of spirituality, a little bit of quantum physics, but like mostly just practical stuff, and it's not a bunch of therapy lingo, it's very much. You'll have to read it, but I've been applying it the last week, and it has helped me tremendously. Okay, and so I bought it five days ago. I've listened to the audiobook four times since then. Oh, wow, if that tells you anything?

[317:07] David T: Oh, that's incredible commitment.

[318:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so his his method is this idea of, it's really kind of weird. I don't want to, like, ruin it for you if you want to get the book and listen to it, because it kind of builds so he starts where, like, he helps you kind of identify, Okay, what's the root? The root belief in your life, of the things that are holding you back, right? And then, how do you replace and change those beliefs so that you literally are it's not like hypnotizing yourself. It's like, it's almost like reverse gaslighting a little bit. Yeah, and you sort of convince yourself of the opposite of the belief that's been holding you back. Oh, and he gives a whole framework to do that that is a lot better than just affirmations. Okay, so it's not this whole like, he's like, this is where affirmations don't work. What he's does is he actually helps you program your brain. Of like, and it could be as this. This is how I use I used it like, honestly, it's like I'm overwhelmed with all the things I have to do, to write emails, or I'm overwhelmed with I just, it's embarrassing. I get overwhelmed at night just picking up the kids toys that really it over. I got two kids, and they just, they literally take all their toys and throw them all over the house.

[343:36] David T: Oh my word, yeah. Get to like that

[344:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: every night. It's like a, you know, the story of Sisyphus

[345:59] David T: brings a bell. But I'm

[346:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: the guy the ancient Greek philosophy story of the guy who pushes the boulder uphill all day long, makes progress. That's how it feels having kids. Sometimes it's like, you pick up all the toys and the next day they're everywhere again, yeah. And like, you can't tell little kids, like, don't pull your toys out and don't play with them, right? They just have so much joy during the day doing that, but the cleaning up of it for me, some days it's better than others, I will literally get so overwhelmed that I literally, like, can't think straight to pick the toys up. It's crazy. It's like, one of the weirdest phenomenons. And I use the principle of this book, and I just kind of was like, Okay, what if I convinced myself that I wasn't overwhelmed? And how would that work? And it actually worked really well. It actually worked where

[361:20] David T: it was, like, incredible how much the mind is

[362:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: literally and it took a little bit of time to do it, like to reframe my brain. And I went through his process, as described in this book about how to do that. Yeah, but like, there's, like a reframing and that, and like you, you sort of attach a wrapper of gratitude to the reframing so it like it sticks, type of a thing. But anyways, it's, it's just one of the best, I would say, personal development frameworks. Are you familiar with landmark forum? I am Yes. He talks about how he went to landmark Oh in the book, and it didn't work for him, oh, long term. And this is actually, like, the was the missing piece that kind of, like, made it all stick. And sure enough, like, and I would say, yeah, if you've been to landmark this, it's just, it's so tailored, I would say, for people like you and I, yeah, the way he wrote this, as far as a personal development book that just kind of just kind of cuts through some of that. So I would highly recommend it just take, take the time to listen through it. And I think it would help. I would think it would help you a lot, because it goes beyond just like stoicism, of like, okay, just accepting how things are. It's like programming your mind that you can do the impossible. And like, he goes back to like business. He's like, You need to program your mind that you have what it takes to be a millionaire this month, right now, yeah, and which is interesting, like, for me, I have moments in my life in business where I was like, thriving beyond what I knew was humanly capable for me. And then I have other moments in my life where I'm just like, I feel like everything is too hard, and I've gone up and down with this. And so by applying what I learned in this book, I was able to get my mind back into that state where I was, where I was able to accomplish everything. Yeah, and I've and I've been I've gotten more done. I would say, in my business over the last five days,

[398:15] David T: really, wow, that's amazing. Than I

[398:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: have in like, a month.

[399:21] David T: I love that just

[399:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: simply by applying what I read in this book, because I have so many I have such a foundation of personal development inside of me and things that I've learned over the years.

[402:30] David T: Yeah, and

[402:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I think you as well would super benefit from that book. So that's my, that's my sales book right there.

[404:57] David T: I would, yeah, I'll definitely, I just, I just click the link and use the credit to order it

[406:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool, awesome,

[406:47] David T: and definitely put it on my shortlist. I bought another book that somebody else recommended. I forget who it was, but I'll tell you what it was here in a second. I haven't listed yet because I just downloaded a couple days ago and I haven't had a chance to yet. But go to audible and look at my library. Okay, this is by Joseph Nguyen. Don't believe everything you think. Why you're thinking is the beginning and ending of suffering

[417:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting that

[418:10] David T: Learn How To Overcome Anxiety, self doubt and self sabotage without needing to rely on motivation or willpower.

[419:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: That book stood out to me the other day when I was I was at the store and I saw it.

[421:00] David T: I guess it's not that long. It's only two and a half hours long, but it's got 1300 74 ratings, 4.5 stars, wow.

[422:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I I bought that. I bought that book in July. I haven't listened to it

[424:09] David T: yet. Oh, okay,

[424:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I should listen to that one too as well. Yeah, it's just yeah. So I would say, Man, the both of those books. And then here's what I do with audiobooks. I listen to them over and over again. And what I do is I also pay attention to what is the part of the book that really resonated with me. I will listen to that part of the book overall over again. And I learned this from my mom, actually is. It's one of her like, greatest strategies of personal development is listening to the same personal development, personal development message like 10 to 20 times, yeah, to where just sort of like you just start brainwashing yourself, using message,

[437:00] David T: using the power of suggestion and all that, yeah,

[438:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: repeatedly, like, bombarding yourself with the same message, and your brain starts to, like, rewire itself in those different positive ways. I would definitely say David's book is one. I'd recommend this multiple times. There was a book that I read that was like that. It was really life changing, the big leap. And it was for a kind of a different season in life where, like just I was had a lot of fear and worry. Was this one the big leap? Oops, that's not in English, but that was a good one. And I've listened to this one and read this one like 20 times. Oh, conquer your hidden fear. Take life to the next level. So again, this is like that was kind of what I needed in the season of life, maybe five years ago now, this David Bayer book is, like, what I feel like I'm needing now. Oh, okay, um, ooh.

[455:29] David T: That one has 7300 credits. Wow. Her ratings,

[456:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, that one's amazing. The Big Leap. It's another, just a great personal development book. One of his big so he, one of his big coaching clients, is Michael Dell, who lives here in Austin. So Michael Dell is one of his clients.

[461:02] David T: Oh, interesting, really.

[461:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And he talks about like, what was Michael's biggest fear, keeping him from growing his companies and all that, and realizing that, like, even as a billionaire, he had these just massive fears that were holding him back. Wow. And as which is, you know, just crazy, like, we think, like, oh, Bill, like, what would you like you're a billionaire? What do you need to be afraid of? But right there, a billionaire is still human, right? Yeah, just like you and I and they all have limiting.

[469:52] David T: He's obviously been very successful in one realm of his life, but there might be where he's not

[471:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that too Exactly, exactly, yeah. Then we definitely know billionaires are not perfect at all. They but yeah, it was a great book. I bought that one November, 2020, in the thick of covid. So, oh, really. Okay, that was a, that was a good one to go through during covid.

[476:51] David T: I'm noticing your shirt defender. Are you a guitar player?

[477:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I have a guitar. I need to put strings on it. I can play it a little bit. I played keyboard and piano a lot better. It's just, oh, okay, yeah, but yeah, and I have a, I have a, yeah, the gates, it's a, it's the cheaper, it's the cheaper brand. Mm, hmm, Squire, I just need to, I just need to put strings on it.

[484:54] David T: Okay, strings, right? You have to buy em.

[485:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do have them, which is, here's what's interesting, the the pickups are even rusted already, so they'll have that, like, rusted sound to them.

[487:58] David T: Oh, my word. Yeah. I didn't know that was a thing. So that's something I just learned,

[489:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's so yeah, rusted pickups actually will sound better than clean ones. I was, like, concerned that they were rusted. And I read online, like, no, like, you want that people will actually pay extra money for, like, rusted pickups.

[493:10] David T: Did you ever see the did you have

[493:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: this for five bucks, though?

[494:03] David T: Oh, my word, the guitar, yeah. Oh, my word, like, a Facebook marketplace or something,

[495:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: my neighbor was selling it in the garage sale.

[496:02] David T: Oh, guitars, our garage sale. That's always, sometimes a great place to get stuff that's really low, low, you know, yeah, my neighbor under Christ. I mean, you might say, Yeah. So did you ever see Prince play While My Guitar Gently sweeps or weeps? No, I'm going to send you a video. This is one of the most epic guitar videos I've ever seen. Okay,

[503:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, one of the, one of the biggest things I will say, and I just keep going back to it, is the number one thing that's going to grow any kind of a business online is, is presenting to people who are going to be buyers of what you're offering. Making presentations and offers to people who are going to be buying from you. And

[510:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: so like for me, I added 30 new people into my membership with that one $5 class.

[513:38] David T: Oh, yes.

[514:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And which is, which is huge. That was like, that was a big, like, aha moment for me. I was like, okay, these $5 classes really make a big difference as far as getting people to join our programs, more so than even, like a free webinar, but it was the fact that I was attached to some kind of a goal that people had, and I was selling it for five bucks, then I made a pitch to some kind of a program on the back end of it, if you have, like, even a course that You sell on the back end of something for 500 to $1,000 doesn't even need to be a full coaching program. But then you just, you want to get as many people as possible watching some kind of a sales pitch with you, right? And that's, that's the like, the place like you want to get as fast and as quickly at two as possible, is getting people watching a presentation with you. So whatever you got to do, as far as mindset, as far as getting the logistics in order to do that, is like, is really where we're at. So what's where, what's been, kind of the the sticking point right now for you, for those things, would you

[535:11] David T: honestly, honestly, I'm I didn't realize that there was going to be as much of a time commitment coming here, working on stuff that I, I thought I'd be able to split like half and half, but there's just been so much stuff to do that, and I'm leaving at a certain time, and I've just been compelled to get it done before I leave. You know, yeah, in this apartment we're working on here, I've been painting in there and doing some other things so and this cleaning thing, I just rented a U haul today and yesterday, because I think I may, I may have to leave later this week. I'm going to try to negotiate with my new employer, see if I can work from here for a few more days, but then I'll have to drive for three days to get home.

[545:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, alright, let me see I got this video up here. Yes, so this part right here,

[548:30] David T: yeah, kind of in the middle area whenever he really starts ripping on it at the it'll, you'll, it'll kind of escalate. Just a virtuoso playing, just unbelievable. I love people that have gotten their craft so good that they're like, just playing. It's just like, wow.

[555:17] David T: Set for what? Oh, wow. Well, we're not, I mean, the way his hand just glides, you know, and it's just perfect, you know, it's just, I've got a friend in Chattanooga that plays a VIP he's a world class violin player, and just watching him in concert is unbelievable.

[562:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow. Do

[565:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you hear it on your end?

[565:29] David T: I know, but I've heard it before. Oh,

[566:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's awesome. Thanks for sharing that.

[567:33] David T: I just love watching stuff like that. You know, makes me happy.

[569:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, so even with a time commitment like that. Are you able to find, like, 30 minutes to just do one thing each day?

[572:11] David T: Yeah, I should be. I mean, honestly, I should be able to, like, last I was actually going to work on some stuff last night, and then something else came up that we that they were working on with some real estate dispute they have going on with a neighbor. So I was helping them for several hours trying to work through that with chat, GPT and editing at the moment they were writing and blah, blah, blah, so, and then by the time at 10 o'clock

[577:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: is great at that. I've

[578:03] David T: been doing some remote work for a guy in Florida, so I've tried to get an hour or more in a day so I can just get some money rolling in. Yeah, money, you know? So, yeah, it's just, it's just been over commitment is what it really comes to. So, but I'd love to get into, I think I would, what I would like to do tonight is use those images I got to start, just at least create, yeah, this player, understand how to use it, and even put it like a 10 second script in there, and just, you know, start posting, you know. And what I kept on just forgetting to take pictures, but I I know I'd want to, and then by the time the day was I want to do it outside, because it lighting inside here's kind of dark. So Saturday, I finally got out there and spent about 10 minutes taking some photos, you know. And so they're on my phone now, I just haven't gotten around.

[591:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah? Again, like I said, you can just snap them anywhere, yeah, for a lot of these, and that's actually like, really good. They don't have to be like perfect reference photos, yeah, you can use just about anything, yeah,

[596:00] David T: but I have a, I have a few. I have a probably 10 or 15 of them now, so let me try this.

[600:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Try this, as far as a

[602:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: cinema studio, upload an image as a prompt

[607:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm Playing around with in Higgs field. These were a couple that I had done the other day. I like generated a few of myself and then use them for different scenes. Yeah, let's see create a video.

[616:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, look, there's a cinematic version of the scene right there.

[618:09] David T: Oh, it's ups, that's what that was. Okay. Thought I heard a noise out there. UPS truck is outside. Pam, the UPS truck is outside. UPS is outside.

[624:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the cinematic studio was able to take that chat GPT image and turn it into, like a a cinematic

[626:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: shot right there? Yeah,

[627:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's pretty cool, yeah, so I took this image, turned it into that one. Yeah? If

[631:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's both the Start and End Frame, sort of or we just need a Start Frame, I guess the aspect ratio is off interesting. They have different camera movements? It's

[639:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting that it wouldn't. It generated the scene. But then it says that it's not look it's able to model these different

[643:45] David T: camera lenses. You know what? I'm gonna have? I'm gonna have to go place closes at four, okay? And it's 240 it's 245 right now.

[646:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, hey, it's gonna

[647:05] David T: take me half an hour to get over there.

[647:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's stay let's just stay connected. As far as what you got going on with your offer?

[649:02] David T: Yeah, let me I've gotten a couple of things I need to do on that

[649:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want the next time we talk, just to be like in the in on this video here. Let's chat in boxer, okay, over where you're at and all that.

[652:44] David T: And okay, let me see if, once I get back here, I'm gonna see if I can take like, an hour tonight to work on this. Okay, because the the big drama thing that we were doing yesterday's over. So, okay, cool. Thanks so much. Sounds good. I'm still excited about everything.

[658:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, I

[658:40] David T: feel like I'm right around the corner, and I've been right around the corner for the last four weeks.

[659:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, awesome. I think there's a big opportunity with this AI stuff and all that. And I think just how you're learning to use AI? Yeah, I read something the other day. I'll let you go after this, if that's okay. Yes, real quick that they found that

[664:30] David T: only we're going to leave in the next 10 to 1510, minutes or so, only

[665:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: 1% of companies know how to actually implement AI properly.

[666:45] David T: Yeah, that's a big that's a big opportunity right now. And no wonder how to do it.

[667:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the part of the idea I saw, I asked chat GPT to brainstorm how I could, how you would use that in the business. And part of it is just, you could actually train the staff of a company how to use AI. Essentially, you would help the CEO learn. How do I, you know, eliminate a couple staff members, by training our best staff out to use it. But then you could charge 20, 30,000 for that as a consultant, as an AI consultant, and that's, that's kind of the direction I'm looking to kind of head with things is, how do I sort of become that go to expert, yeah, all those different things for companies, all their marketing, for their marketing, for their operations, for all that. I mean, we built, we built my mom's whole telehealth company with AI, wow. We used, we had no clue how to build a telehealth company. Yeah, and my mom and I together, over the course of a month, we just used AI to figure out every step of how to do it.

[685:57] David T: Oh, that's interesting. Literally,

[686:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: was like having a an expert consultant in the industry tell us exactly, step by step, what to do. Yeah, and so, and she made a half a million dollars with that before she she had to pull the plug on it, just because all the laws and regulations in Washington.

[690:00] David T: I remember that when that happened, when she had to, unfortunately,

[690:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: but, but she's looking she's thinking about restarting something else with just just peptides and hormones. Mm, hmm. So alright, I'll let you go. You have a good one.

[693:45] David T: Thank you so much. We'll talk soon. Thank you, bye, bye, bye.

