VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-08-26T20:12:58.000Z
Duration: 68 min
Otter ID: dwls9jCNY1E3BO1XoHxQz3E-tvQ
---

[1:57] Speaker 0: Ready,

[4:29] Speaker 0: logging in here for today. Today's the IP call to wait for oils to Jump On In

[15:44] Speaker 0: All right, Dr Wade Arnold, Hey, man, how are you good? I'm doing great. Yeah, one of those,

[18:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of those days where it didn't start out the best, but then it's become the best. So, oh, really, it's

[20:24] Speaker 0: all good. Yeah, yeah, I That's awesome.

[21:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: This morning. Gosh, I was like, I have so you have those days where it's like, you don't, you don't feel any more, like, not motivated, nothing.

[24:16] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[25:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have them showing up is just like, too hard. And so that was this morning, but I worked through it, and then I got a sales letter written. I got some videos edited. I got bunch of stuff that was on my list. I got accomplished, which is good. So, yeah, that's awesome.

[32:52] Speaker 2: Yeah, I had a day like that. Not the the motive. I woke up well, so I'm in the middle of a 72 hour fast, like, just a health fast, and those are always fun. Well, I people are like, Oh, how do you fast? I'm like, I don't find fasting difficult at all. Really, I don't. If you, if you decide to do it, it's right. I think that's the key. Like, like, my, I was talking to my daughter, how can you just not eat? And I'm like, you just decide you're not gonna eat. Yeah, and, but I've been drinking this, so, like three of these a day, so that's like 100 ounces of water, Smalls up all night. And finally, at 330 I was like, I'm getting up every hour. I might as well just get up, which is not normal for me, but I've been super productive since about 330 so about 330 after our call, I will

[48:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: crash cool, yeah, yeah, for sure I get that. So all right, let's, let's make the most out of this today. I don't, I don't think anyone else is going to be jumping on everyone wrote me and said they want to be on the next one, because we just did really this week.

[52:17] Speaker 0: Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Well, then,

[53:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's just where. It's just where people are. I I think that you people get, they get results that are equal to how they show up. So, yeah, no shade to anyone. No, that's 100%

[57:20] Speaker 2: like our look at like your program. And I don't know how many people are in there, but it's a bunch,

[58:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, yeah, a bunch. In our main program, I used to have, like, we've had 700 people join. I had the most at one time. I think I had was like 300 I think right now we're like, right around, like 120

[63:46] Speaker 2: Yeah. And how many people are on the calls? I'm like, yeah, what amazing. Okay,

[65:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we ran a we ran a program. The biggest coaching program I ran, had 3000 people in it, okay? 30 to 50 people would

[67:35] Speaker 2: join the calls. I just, I don't get it, I don't but

[68:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: 500 to 1000 would watch the recording.

[69:44] Speaker 2: Okay, well, that's true. Like, not everybody's like me that can free up time in the day. So I do

[71:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: get that, yeah, so there's that. So I would say it's usually around again, around 33 to 40% watch the recordings. Yeah, rest of people, what are all the rest of them doing? They'll, they'll watch, like, a one off course, or they'll watch a recording here and there. And that's actually a great it's an interesting direction, if you want to talk about this part of the conversation.

[78:37] Speaker 2: But yeah, since I have you, I'm like, Well, I've got a few things, because I really want to. This ad campaign out, and

[80:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: because, yeah, let's do that. And hey, I don't again. I'm I super. I mentioned it on the call yesterday, after you had logged off. I was like, Man, I dropped the ball with Wade. I didn't respond to him. And things happen. I apologize for that. I'm like, I really, you know what the number one thing that when I started my business was, and it wasn't like to put too much pressure on myself. It was just like, set clear expectation and then match the expectation, right? Always make sure I match the expectation at least. Well, then I, you know, and that I but stuff does happen too. Yeah, stuff happens. I get it. I've done it. I'll tell a client. Oh, I'll send this to you right after the session. And then, oh, there's Akiko. There she is, hey, and it's just not working. Yeah, I got up this morning and I had four miles in before breakfast, so or before eight. Nice. That's awesome. I'm not walking today. I've found something interesting has happened, though, um, in the last four months for me, and it's something I prayed for. I love when, like, we get answers to prayer. I pray for stuff about my behavior all the time with God, like, for strength to change, like, certain behavior. And one of the things I prayed for was, like, the ability to snap into being able to write sales copy without needing a lot of priming or things like that. Yeah. And for me, it was take, it would take, sometimes two hours to get in the right headspace to write copy. So then I got people in my Facebook group asking me to write copy, or I got stuff like that, and I'm like, Okay, I gotta, like, so now I've gotten to where I can usually snap into it in about 15 minutes, which is, which is cool, and it's really, it's just like it happened by kind of clearing all the other stuff that was in my head Right, working through that stuff, and then, like, if I'm if I'm really stressed or anxious, I'm not going to write copy. It doesn't come out. It doesn't work. But if I can kind of calm that, then that's the baseline, and then the copywriting flows from there really well. So right? If, well, here's what it is. I can write copy, but it's not going to convert. If I'm stressed, I'm going to write it from a scarcity. I'm going to write it from a place of and I come back and read what I wrote during those moments, and I'm just like, What was I thinking? Right? So, so now I know, like, a certain kind of energy to get into that I feel. And then I'm like, Okay, I'm ready to write copy. And then how to get into that quickly, get into the zone, as they call it, quickly, right? So, all right, yeah, let's take a look at what you got, and let's kind of go over that. Since we since we're here today,

[127:49] Speaker 2: yeah, so let me share what I've got. Whoops, let me not share all that. Let's open up.

[131:20] Speaker 0: Come on. Okay, so that's one,

[133:12] Speaker 2: actually, so let me share this screen, okay, um, or that desktop, uh, three, similar to what I did last time I've

[136:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: got, I'm just looking at a dark, Oh, I see there it is. Yeah, there we go.

[137:51] Speaker 0: I'm moving it over at a dark, uh, forest, yeah. So that's, that's two. Where's my third one? I thought I opened it,

[140:49] Speaker 2: alright. So these are just like text ads. These are,

[142:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I were saving the one with like the four people, like the four people that that makes my head spin for an okay, I see that, yeah, like, like, it makes you feel like you're cross eyed a little bit. Okay, the other one reads, well, like, you get it right away,

[147:14] Speaker 2: right? Okay, so I can actually, by the way, use the image

[149:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: from the second one and put that image on the first one,

[150:07] Speaker 2: right? Yeah. And I have other variations of this too. Great.

[151:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, test those out as well with that same kind of copy, like four or five of those different images. Again, that's great. That's really

[153:33] Speaker 2: three. Two, you got it. One, you got it right there. Last one, oh, here, here, here's the other one. Nice.

[156:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wonder if there's a way to add some contrast to the text.

[158:12] Speaker 2: Well, like I did on this one, like, yeah, I can add that same kind of bar I didn't want to cover her. Ace up too much with it. Yeah, I did on this one. It definitely needed it. Those are both. The colors are muted. But I asked chat, GPT like for this message, what, what color combinations are, palette do I need? And it said something, you know, you don't want bright you don't want I guess that could be ironic, I guess. But I like these. I think that they're good, but I can definitely go back and add this little brown

[168:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing there too. It will be interesting, though. I will say, for ads, having things that are bright does help with an ad, right, right, interesting to reframe this with some brighter colors.

[171:48] Speaker 2: Somehow, I wonder, yeah, it could be like that whole Elvis Costello kind of irony. And then let me,

[174:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: me, let me ask chat, GPT, that question. This is, this is how, this is kind of how quick I would do that, I literally screenshotted what you have here. How could you implement brighter colors into this image and design? And so, like, I'm, I'm constantly just augmenting what I'm doing in the background with chat GPT all the time.

[179:53] Speaker 0: Yeah, I've gotten that way.

[181:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm gonna send, I'm taking pictures on my phone of everything around the house, and I load it in and, oh, really, oh, yeah, I'm like, What's going on here? How do we fix this?

[184:42] Speaker 2: What should I do here? Oh, I got a refrigerator. I need fixing. I should ask chat. GPG, yeah, definitely. It knows how to do that. I found a video finally, but it's not hot. Let's see. So I've got one more thing that I can put on here.

[191:34] Speaker 3: Hey, Coach, I have a quick question for the chatskiko, yeah, for chat GPT, the thinking mode is that the paid

[193:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: version, it will be in the paid version.

[194:38] Speaker 3: Okay, gotcha. That's why I don't, I didn't see it. It's far it's gonna be

[196:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: for GPT five. It's kind of above and beyond, superior to the free one. Okay, so

[199:29] Speaker 3: is it worth paying for it from even me, well and

[200:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, if you're gonna pay for something because they actually you probably get more out of out of it, using Po po.com right? Cuz they have GP 25 in here. Now the only thing you gotta do is you gotta go, there's this little box right here. Um, Wade, did you see this right here? Uh huh, when you're using Poe, additional input.

[207:36] Speaker 2: Reason I'm sharing, let me get out of here. Oh, sorry.

[208:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I'm using po right here. I got GPT five, and then there's this little right here now, additional input, reasoning effort, you you put that to high, and then it just everything like comes out better, interesting, yeah, so I did that this morning. I'm bouncing back and forth a lot between Claude Opus 4.5 4.1 I just wrote a sales letter this morning where I combined, it was GPT five. I used a little bit from deep seek r1 deep seek r1 still does some interesting stuff. And then Claude Opus 4.1 but, yeah, the GPT five that's in here is really,

[219:43] Speaker 2: really only thing I don't like about Po. Excuse, yeah, Po, as far as Chad GPT goes, I did discover that even in Po, you can update chat gpts memory. So if you say hey, this is like, so I just recently redid my blogging and writing voice and said, put this in your memory, and it did it. And so every time I write something, it comes out as me in Poe, yeah. Where's the memory go? I don't know where it goes, like you can't access it, but it says, Okay, I'll keep basically the message I got back was okay. I'll keep that in mind when you write in the future

[231:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then it references it again to you, yeah, make a new context,

[232:20] Speaker 2: yeah. Like, you can do that in chat GPT. So I tried it in po and did it not or the alternative is just to upload that document in there every time and say, use this voice. Yeah, I do think I have to prompt it to use the voice, my blogging voice that's in your memory, or something like that, so that it definitely does it.

[238:45] Speaker 0: It's pretty interesting. Full, interesting. What Paul is

[240:55] Speaker 2: Poe is nice because you can there, you get chat, GPT, you get Claude, although the memory in Poe for Claude is not as good like and you can't do projects. That's what one thing. If they added projects to Poe, that'd be a game changer. Yeah, it would actually be killer is

[246:09] Speaker 3: like a you can cross over any AI thing.

[248:00] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's got a bunch. It says

[248:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: AI algorithms in it, so it gives you chat GPT, right here with GPT five, and that's going to be the thinking one. If you select reasoning effort high. Okay, so it'll give you kind of the same thing. And for 20, for $20 a month, you're just going to get a lot more value. Now I pay for both. I like the chat GPT interface, so I use it often. I use the app often, but I from a value standpoint, Po is going to be the best value.

[260:12] Speaker 2: And on it, I have not even come close, and I'm on it every day, like a lot, and I haven't come close to using my million credits that I get for $20 I

[263:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: pay for 2.5 million, and I use them up every month.

[264:32] Speaker 2: How do you do? You do images and all that too, like I know,

[265:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just, I use really long context. So I take, I take transcripts from like four or five of our coaching sessions, right? And I'll load those in and have it, process it, and then I'll use like five different algorithms to do it right, right? And then I'll test those together. So I'm, I'm doing like the power user type thing, yeah,

[271:35] Speaker 2: you're heavy. So the other one like these images, I'm going to share my screen again so you can watch my videos. Hopefully you'll be able to hear them. I know that's an ugly face right there, but it gets better. Actually, it gets really good. But for to generate these images, I'm using fal.ai and you buy credits. And, like, the other day, I was fooling around, and you can do text to voice, and you can tell it what kind of voice you want. And that's pretty cool. It uses a lot every time, like, if you misspell, like, if you if you want to modify you don't really like the voice, and, yeah, just add one word. It's a $2 word change. It's crazy how expensive text to voice is. So I'm like, Yeah, I'm going to make sure my problem good.

[285:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: The text to voice 11 Labs is the best text to voice tool. That's, oh, yeah, I

[286:38] Speaker 0: wonder. They're a lot cheaper.

[287:29] Speaker 2: I'll have to see. I don't remember which one I was using,

[288:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're like, 11 bucks a month for 250 or 100 minutes of quality text to voice.

[290:58] Speaker 2: Well, and I was just fooling around to see, like, Would I want someone else to do voiceovers?

[292:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways? Is this? It was somebody else's voice on it here?

[293:11] Speaker 2: No, the I didn't do the voiceovers. I didn't like what I got. I spent like six bucks, and I was like, this is terrible, because they don't do inflections very well, that's the thing. Yeah. So let's, let's see if you can, y'all can hear this. What if your arguments could actually bring you closer together? Right now, it may seem like everything that's great. I love the hook. Well, the same arguments, same

[299:56] Speaker 0: cycle. That's great.

[300:19] Speaker 4: But in this free workshop, you'll learn how to turn conflict into closeness

[301:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: with a base. Now that image might be confusing, so people might think they have to show up in place. Look at it.

[302:51] Speaker 0: Workshop. Your next conflict, the start of a deeper connection.

[303:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Which one the image of everybody sitting around in the workshop?

[304:57] Speaker 2: Yeah, I was kind of, it's easy to edit that out, though it's

[306:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, Oh, I gotta show up in person, right, right? You could just somebody on a zoom call,

[307:56] Speaker 2: right? Oh, well. So I don't have the version of captions. I made this in captions that they allow you to upload your own stuff. They want me to upgrade to add or change out pictures. It's one limitation of it I don't like, but so I'll just take it out. So here, here's one. I literally did this that five minutes before our session, so I haven't even looked at it.

[315:57] Speaker 4: Didn't push you away, but actually pulled you closer together. Picture arguments ending in peace, picture being truly heard and truly understood. Picture leaving the fight feeling more connected than you were before. That's weird. Three. Works? Oh, there it is again. Way to turn conflict into connection, so that your home feels full of love, grace and closeness. Again. Don't wait for change to happen. Sunday happening.

[323:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You start that one over.

[324:36] Speaker 0: What's that? Start that one from the beginning?

[327:05] Speaker 4: Simply didn't push you away, but actually pulled you closer together. Picture arguments ending in peace, picture being truly heard and truly understood. Picture leaving the fight feeling more connected than you were before. And this rework.

[331:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what was the hook on the other one? What was the What did you say

[332:57] Speaker 0: on that one? It was opening hook.

[334:28] Speaker 2: Your arguments could actually bring you closer together. Right now, it may seem like everything, yeah, oh, they're the same. What

[336:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: if arguments could bring you close together? The other one says conflict, yeah. I seem to, like, understand when it says arguments, but when you say conflict, I have to think about it for a second. So it's like, if you have a visual aid of like the spouse on that part of it where, like you have like, like the spouses in conflict that might actually help with that other one, second

[345:42] Speaker 0: one, this one, no, the second over here. So

[346:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you first start it, yeah, and it says, What if conflict? What if conflict didn't push you away? And then you put the spouse, kind of underneath you, the spouse

[350:31] Speaker 2: photo, okay, yeah, I can do that. That would help,

[351:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: because what it is is you are able to say more with the same words by adjusting the visual cue,

[353:04] Speaker 0: right, right, right, right, so that that

[354:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: that can help on that.

[354:26] Speaker 0: Okay, but I think those are, those

[355:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: are some great ads to start with. Then you got the you got the graphic ones like that. I think that those are really good. I think like you're, you're getting

[357:31] Speaker 0: good at the

[358:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: like creating a variety of ads. What you want to start to look at now as well is which ads are producing the most results slash outcome, right? And you'll start to identify certain patterns with those

[363:49] Speaker 2: well, and that I and that's a good affirmation for me, because that's kind of what I was thinking like, okay, so, and I need to just dive into that part of whatever. Course, that is where you can go. Okay, so here's what I see. I'm getting click throughs on this at this price. You know, I'm getting click throughs here, and I just, I haven't done that. I haven't gotten far enough that one campaign. I didn't get enough click throughs, really, and so I need to

[373:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: work right here. Ads optimization simplified. It's in the Learning Library. Okay, okay, I did it. I did it last year, but it was really like, I go deep into how you like, really optimize your ad overall.

[378:27] Speaker 2: Yeah, that one, I've watched a little bit of the pixel one, I think, yeah, this had that set up correctly. I mean, I have it like I have the pixel and of course, in go high level, it's not as efficient as Squarespace, where you can just put it into your into Squarespace essentially once, and then it goes through all your campaigns with go high level, you have to put it into every funnel, which is not that big a deal, but it's a little detail that I could easily forget. So everything, I just rerecorded the webinar because I was out of focus. My bookshelves were perfect focus. And so I rerecorded it. I turned I think the problem is, is that my the lights that I have here are not bright relative to what's back there. So it's focusing back there. So I turn my lights up here. You can tell them a little wash maybe you can tell I'm a little washed out, but so that's good. The funnels ready to go, really. I mean, this is my sole focus for because we're leaving for Florida, like no dark 100 Friday, and I really want this done out. The door running

[400:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then. And then, what you want to do is start thinking about two things. We want to be promoting it we want to be talking about a lot of your content can kind of end with this offer on your social media, sending emails out to your existing email list with this offer in it to reinforce Yeah. And then thinking in the back of your mind, okay, what's the next funnel that I'm going to be creating

[407:56] Speaker 0: is kind of the big

[409:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: because that momentum is going to help a lot by thinking about those

[410:17] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. The big thing, I think that's in my mind, like this, I can't quite do it in four days, like you've talked about, just because I'm doing so much service delivery that I just physically do not have time to do it in four days. But I can get it done in a week, you know? I mean, I can get it done and, you know, eight days, you know, I feel like and I can generate things like this, because everything great for the for the foreseeable future, what I'm going to do is a variation on this theme of conflict. Because that, like we were talking the other day, this is

[421:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. How do you dive deeper into that theme of conflict? Right?

[422:38] Speaker 2: What variations of it? And that's where chatgpt has been so helpful in because part of that sheet in that the sheet that I put in the group about how to go from a blog to a video to Instagram, to all that stuff. I keep modifying that all the time. And I saw your blog post you put up that looks great, oh yeah, and it points to that's just an email way to email capture emails, because I have a free resource associated with that blog and and then I came up at three o'clock in the morning with another resource I don't think I'm going to put it would be a good hook.

[435:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Money talks without meltdowns.

[436:17] Speaker 2: Yeah? Specific conflict talking

[436:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: about money. Money conflicts, yeah.

[438:05] Speaker 2: My money, sex and power. Those are the three. Yeah, I don't know how you get power or decision making. That's power

[440:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: decision making.

[442:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but they are the money talk side of things is good, because that used to be one of the hardest things for my wife and I, she would feel like I was overbearing anytime I talk about money, and then she would just end up spending more than we had. Oh, yeah, yeah. And then I'm like, and so now it's like, we're on the same page with everything, which is

[449:35] Speaker 2: good, yeah, yeah, that's fine. It's opposite in our house. I'm the spender. My wife is the saver.

[451:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, dude, I would probably like not spend a dime if I didn't have to, right? It's like, I I spend a little bit either that or I, or I'll go all out if I do spend, then I'm just like, whatever. Oh,

[456:07] Speaker 2: well, that's the thing I've told my wife, you know, look, you got to have the right tool for the job and whatever that is. So I'm not spending cheap if I'm going to spend it like it's, you know, anyway, yeah. But so,

[460:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: so, yeah, how many talks would be another good opt in

[460:55] Speaker 2: the Yeah, I'm going to write that one down because I've started a list like what you described somewhere, where you have different hooks and different ideas and all that stuff, just one big document, the email nurture is that's the one thing I don't have finished for the campaign. I don't feel like it's still, it's, it's obviously very, very important. But like with the last one, when I had five videos over five days, I really felt it was imperative.

[468:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, it's really important with one video, yeah, you want to remind people to go back to watch that one

[469:49] Speaker 2: video, right, right? So that's the next thing, and I'll start that, and then remind them of your offer too, right, right? So that, and then, and then building out the email list that that is something that do you? Is there something in the courses about how to do that with go high level, like, button pushing kind of thing. If not, that's fine. I

[476:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: do have a go high level one where I go through, like, using the email software. It's kind of a basic overview of building a funnel with go high level, yeah. Um, yeah. What part are you specifically wanting to look at? Well,

[480:48] Speaker 2: so when I create a funnel, and I create the automation for it, like with the email sequences and all that, and I capture their email, the first thing I do always is create a tag, a tag related to that funnel that they came into, right and then my thought is, in order to generate an email list, I also need to create a tag that will put them onto that list, essentially like, I guess, is creating a tag that I can then use to create my email list, I guess that's the question. What's the easiest way to create an email list in go high level? Is it tagging everyone with a specific, specific tag and then targeting that tag to send

[494:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: a function where you can broadcast to everybody? Isn't there?

[495:33] Speaker 2: There may be, there may be, but I know that not everyone of my contacts necessarily needs to be on my email list, right? Some of them are their clients. Some of them are clear

[499:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: out which tags don't You don't want to get your emails right? So like you see here, um, I'm in your go high level right now.

[503:46] Speaker 0: Okay, it's

[504:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: under emails, email marketing campaigns. You make a new campaign, and this is how you send emails out to people right

[506:23] Speaker 2: here under that's not how I've been doing it. That's interesting.

[507:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Marketing and then campaign. So look, so you got workflow campaigns, yeah? But then these are just bulk, sending an email to the whole list, okay? And you can include or exclude certain tags. So you go here, oh, that's choosing a template. Let me

[513:08] Speaker 0: we do a new blank. We'll just go to an email with their design under right here. No, this looks good. This is cool.

[516:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so then we press schedule and send the recipients. See, look, choose contacts or tags. Okay, so now you got your tags you want to send it to. You could also create, like a pre built segment. You could build a segment based on certain tags. This goes to all contacts right here. What I would do is, if you could create a segment with specific tags that you want to include, okay, then you can always send to that segment, that segment. And then you could also put is not so that you don't include say, coaching clients, yeah, and so. Or you could literally just go contact,

[533:36] Speaker 0: yeah. So,

[534:30] Speaker 2: Oh, interesting, yeah. Tag. I just need a this is a super, super helpful, yeah, yeah. And

[536:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of it is just because I, because I've been doing, I don't even use go high level, but, like, I know where to find it in the software. So I just, I know it was under marketing right here, and then emails, and then it's under campaigns. So this is like a whole email kind of software,

[541:01] Speaker 2: yeah, built in. Well, that's very helpful, because I, I just have not looked into it. Oh, interesting. I know that I've

[543:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: got nothing listed as a verified email to send from. That's interesting. No verified emails listed.

[545:58] Speaker 2: Um, interesting, because I know that I do. I'll have to contact,

[546:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's not in, not in this section. You'll have to add it into this section. Oh,

[548:08] Speaker 2: I see, yeah, because I had a problem with that, that some of my emails last time we're not sending because the domain was not verified. I actually need to get them to add that you

[552:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: can kind of see, like you got, you got memberships, you got again. So sites is where, like, all your funnels and pages and all that are you know that?

[554:23] Speaker 2: Yeah, automation, automations Are you but

[555:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: marketing, this is where it's gonna send

[556:48] Speaker 0: the emails. That's where you go. Yeah, cool. Let's see. I'm not played around with this conversational Chatbot. Agents, interesting,

[560:59] Speaker 2: yeah, that's real. That's like, brand new stuff. The last time I looked at it, it was in beta. I mean, like the last couple of months, I think because they were still supporting, uh, messenger conversations were beta as well. Instagram, DMS,

[566:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: suggested bot replies based on trained data. So it's trained the trained data.

[568:28] Speaker 0: Ah,

[569:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: knowledge bases. So then you got to create a knowledge base. This is how I learn stuff. I just go through and I just click everything. Yeah, I'm, like, I don't even care, like, as long as I don't launch it, you're you're fine. Okay, so this is where you start adding sources, like FAQs would have answers to questions. This would be web pages and then tables coming soon. So they don't give you a you'll have to basically add in context to this is where it kind of gets a lot of its info from. Is that knowledge base? They have a little quick guide on creating a not because that's the thing. So the AI has to pull from what you load into it. So think of this, where it says creating a knowledge base, like you're creating a project inside. A project inside of clod, and you go and you want to load, like, all the details related to your offer, your business. You could load transcripts of like, webinars and things into that, and that would help. Anyways. Definitely want to look into that. That's a that's kind of cool.

[587:51] Speaker 2: Yeah, this is i and there's a learning curve to this, obviously, but like, this white label of go high level is costing me $37 a month. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's like, I don't know why they're not charging more for it cheaper, yeah, since it's 100 bucks to go straight to go high level,

[594:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you paying that company anything else?

[595:29] Speaker 2: No, not, right. Now, I think they have people it's kind of like because they're actually a marketing

[598:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: agency. You know how they're doing it? Because it's not a saspreneur thing. It's not a white labeled. It is white labeled, but it's, you're through an agency account, through them, that's right, yeah. Go high level does have this thing called saspreneur where you can resell. Go high level, Oh, yeah. But you have to, you're required to charge $100 a month minimum. Oh, really, so with the

[605:44] Speaker 2: so that's how like Creator content, creator 360 or something,

[607:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think as long as it's more than $97 a month, so you pay them 500 bucks a month, and then you can bill access to your go high level white label for any price you want. Yeah, that's what the saspreneur is. It's their white label program. Anybody can join. I've thought about joining it. I know two people that did. They told me not to really the reason why is, they said, go high level does not support your clients. You have to be the support person. Oh, yeah, so I don't want to be the support person to all of my software users, right? Because I know that I know that I don't have the capacity to So, so I would rather not offer a subpar product. I'd rather just tell people like,

[620:47] Speaker 2: so, you know what these people do is, I don't know where they got them, but I'm pretty sure he's like, online jobs.ph, is, Oh yeah, yeah. And I could and I and they use Slack, and I can send him a message, and he is on it real quick. That's cool, like I had a problem with my, my my product templates disappearing, so that was hard to make invoices. I had to read or not invoices, but contracts. I had to upload the contract every single time. And of course, we I don't have a ton of contracts, but I have enough that I don't want to have to redo it every single time. So he found them for me in some other location. They're not where they're supposed to be, but I had to go through several steps to get to it, which is better than uploading it. So anyway, so that's the that's helpful on the email list, because I've got to have that going, like if I have the blog or I have a new video. Like I started thinking, I don't know how you do it exactly with your list, because I don't get a lot of emails or any from you really now, but like a new blog, because I host my website and blog on Squarespace, and without a plugin, you can't subscribe to a blog on Squarespace space, so I would have to send it to my list, or a new video to my list, or a new offer, or whatever it is. You know, you can generate a lot of content for emails just based on that.

[650:19] Speaker 2: Reminding, oh, here's new content. So, yeah, so that's, I know that I've got to get

[652:36] Speaker 2: get that going. That's the biggest piece of the process that I feel like I'm missing, is that regular email nurture,

[654:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and it's interesting, like, you say that that's what I was kind of leaning into yesterday as I realized, like, I've really made that so important in my business is the nurture side of things. Yeah, even, like, when I might take a week or two off of nurture, I always kind of come back with content that, and I honestly, it's my my YouTube and my webinars are what I use to nurture my audience, right? Is really it? I'm just sending new value add pieces of content to people to engage with them, to keep them engaged. And so like the people you have into a high level you you you have some great videos on your YouTube. I'm sure they probably haven't even seen them. You could pick, oh yeah. Videos send it to them this week, and now you got more connection built with them.

[668:58] Speaker 2: Yeah, right, yeah. And it makes me think about the videos that I've made over the years. I could always, you know, oh, I'm low on content. I don't have time. I'm gonna be down next week? Well,

[672:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's you. You bring up a valid point. I'm like, sometimes I should just send my email list, my old content that I haven't sent in a long time, because I have so much of it. I'm always like, I gotta have new a new piece of content. But I have so much that's out there already,

[677:05] Speaker 2: and people probably haven't seen it, or if they have, they probably have get halfway through it and go, Oh, I've seen this before. And, you

[679:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, probably, they probably haven't. But one thing I've always, like, strived to do is, like, I'm always sending out fresh content. So anytime somebody gets an email with a piece of content, like, they can be sure they've not seen it before. Yeah, every time and so.

[683:55] Speaker 0: But

[684:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe there's an there's an advantage to me also sending some of the older stuff that I have too. Or what I like to do, though, is, instead of like sending the older stuff, I'm gonna find a, what is the older stuff video I would send, and I'm just gonna rerecord a new, yeah, a new recording of the same old video. So I'll bring the transcript in the chat, GPT, create an outline of what I talked about, and then I'll just use it to right kind of teach a new video of that. I did that about a week and a half ago with one that went out really well, but

[694:15] Speaker 2: I read somewhere in, I don't remember what it was, but they were talking about, like, what's the actual content that people put out and that most people are going to have, you know, 30 to 60 like, main points of what they talk about, like in your program or whatever, you probably have more than that. But a lot of people like, I look at John Gottman, a marriage therapist and researcher, and yeah, there's only about 30 or 60 things, but they continually recycle those 30 to 60 things, yeah, and they might say it differently, they might have a different hook, they might but it's only about 3030, core P 30 or 60 core pieces of content, and you just go, once you identify that stuff, that's your thing.

[708:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I've not really thought about that that much. I'm still always looking at too, like, what are the questions people are asking? Now I've found that I'm getting asked a lot of the same stuff too, yeah, all the time. So I get asked the same types of problems, the same types of questions, yeah. And it ranges from like, somebody who's just starting out, somebody who I have a I want to build my first business online, right again, what does that person need to do? The they need to get comfortable with what's uncomfortable and they need to, they need to, again, creating content and creating offers to grow their email list. And, you know, I would not invest a lot of time for somebody who's starting out on trying to build a bunch of courses and things like that. I would rather focus on building the audience. But then I'm looking at like, what are the questions that I'm being asked? Where do those lead to?

[725:46] Speaker 2: And Right, right. The next iteration

[726:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: of it I did well. So I did something a while back. I've not done it. When I was doing all live events, I would have a little thing inside of a Facebook group that people would join. So they'd have to join a facebook group to get access to my free training. Oh, and again, I may still go back to that with one of my trainings that I'm doing

[733:03] Speaker 2: that's interesting that, like in go high level, you can there's groups or communities, is what they call them. And I have a free community on there that's not active, I thought because, because I joined what's the Alex hermosi school, and I was like, This is not to me, not worth it for $100 a month, especially when you can do essentially the exact same thing and go high level for Free. Yeah, they just added that, right? And so to that's why I'm high on go high level, because it pulls so many things together and does it good enough that, if you added up all the things that you can do and go high level, you're talking $1,000 a month. Probably, yeah, maybe not.

[746:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: But something that I would do on a Facebook group is, there's questions inside of a Facebook group, and somebody joins, right? So my questions, I would have it ask, what's your number one problem that you're dealing with growing your coaching business? And I'll tell you, I have 151 pages of responses, right? That are anonymized over the course of a year and a half while I was building my offers, yeah, from from various offers. And as far as, like, what people need help with. And then, like, if I take these in to say, ho, because this is what I would do. I would take all those answers right over here in the GPT five, and I'd say, Find me the top 30 topics that people have questions about in detail, get specific, and then I do survey. And I haven't referred back to this in a while, but this is what I would do. Let me see. Reasoning effort is set to high. I was going to Yeah, let's have it. Reason on high. It's going to take a little while to do, because it's 151 pages, but let's see what this generates. And so the idea was people would opt in, and I've not done this in a while, because now I'm having, like, a I have a page where they get access, and then they kind of, like, they lose access and things like that. My new one that I'm doing, though, is going to be like $5 and I'm wondering if I deliver like, bonus trainings and all of that through a Facebook group, I could go back to doing this, because that would give me an opportunity to engage with people in a way that was really helpful, because I could message all these people from the Facebook group too, and do follow up with them so I could see who's really committed as well. Anyways, I'm talking out loud here. The reason why I'm saying this is because I could then get updated answers to what are the problems that people are dealing with? So for instance, all right, here's what it said. Offer clarity and packaging, what to sell, niche selection and validation, pricing strategy, ideal client and audience discovery, lead generation and traffic, email list building, email nurture, funnel design, meta and Facebook, ads, targeting of ads, ad creatives, ad policy, ad budgeting, landing pages, sales pages, Zoom webinars, sales process, group coaching, delivery, course, creation, membership creation, content strategy, community growth and engagement, onboarding and client success. Tech stack, how to do testimonies, how to do organic marketing, how to do personal branding, mindset, time and focus using AI. It's interesting. Ai came in almost last, and then compliance and legal. But this was before I think everyone was like, comfortable doing AI, and so all these answers came from other people. That's probably why AI was last. But all this about, like, offer clarity, and all this, this is kind of my like, these were up here the top. 10 are my like bread and butter offers that I create lead magnets around like I've never created a lead magnet around how to price your coaching program for maximum profit. I probably should, because that would probably work. So I pulled that from the answers that people gave me by doing a like a survey that was attached to the free content that I delivered you there. Wade,

[808:37] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah, no, and I heard all that I was creating an image for to replace those that you talked about, and it turned out good,

[811:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. I'll just show you.

[813:28] Speaker 0: Oh, there you go.

[814:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you could try that different type of energy.

[815:18] Speaker 2: Yeah, yep. So anyway, Hey, Kiko, I know that I have kind of led the way today. I don't want to take up all the time, you know. I don't want to suck the oxygen out of the oxygen out of the room.

[819:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, is there anything that I can help you with here, Kiko, I'm sure you probably learned a lot through what we were talking about.

[821:12] Speaker 3: Yeah, I wasn't so I wasn't really sure about what Paul does. So you, you show them me. So,

[824:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: because you a lot of AI outputs,

[824:50] Speaker 3: yeah, I have it in my laptop, but never used it. I just go straight to chat GPT and and I'm, I'm using free version still gives me a nice help when I ask and I'm trying to, I I'm, I used to be an anti issue with

[830:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: the free version. It's going to be generic, and it's not going to be as as effective, really, yeah, it's, it's really not going to be as effective. It's, so

[833:20] Speaker 3: should I just pay? Do the pay version? I think the

[834:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: paid version is important, just because, like, what you get is the difference between actually having somebody who's going to give you some having an expertise that comes through the AI versus more generic responses that the free one gives you. The free ones useful for like people that don't do stuff in business, but if you're doing anything in business application, you gotta use the paid

[841:00] Speaker 3: ones. So should I go pay version for po or play version for Jeep, chat, GPT.

[843:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Play around with Poe and see how you like it. They have a you can try it out if you find it a bit too difficult to use. Chat GPT is a lot easier to

[845:18] Speaker 3: use. Yeah, that's that conflict complex,

[846:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So then I would just pay, I would just pay for chat GPT and just

[847:21] Speaker 3: use, yeah, because I'm not really tech savvy, and I just, it just overwhelms me a little bit. The PO is, yeah, I probably not gonna be able to take full advantage of that. It because it's just more looks more complex,

[853:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, then again, I would focus on using the paid version of chat. GPT is okay, would be a lot better for you.

[855:20] Speaker 3: Yeah, I'll do that. All right,

[856:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Where are you at as far as what you're building and creating?

[857:20] Speaker 3: Well, I had to pause a little bit last week because my website after migration, wasn't really connected. That's kind of so I cancel wax. And then after that, I noticed that my website wasn't really connected to properly to post create a 360 so when I go to my website domain. It shows up Wix era page. This domain is not connected to whatever. So, oh, my God, all this time I didn't know about it until cancel account with it works. So I have to go back to go to the course creator 360 and weeks, just everybody, each party, saying different thing, do this, do that. I got so overwhelmed, and finally got that fixed by course creator 360 so now I'm looking at my website, and somehow, because I use a Wix template, because the layer I liked, but now after migration, some fonts changed that I don't like, so probably the font that's only weeks thing. So. I gotta kind of change that font that I like now, most of the fonts in a web, my web page look like a news, typewriter fonts in a newspaper. Yeah, I don't like it, so I gotta change those stuff. And it's, it's three year old website, so it's need to be updated just a little bit, because I, in the headline says that I help women that, and I'm not really specified with women right now. I'm even in my personal training. It's 5050, yeah, so I just have to change that. Um, there's some stuff to do, but I I'm glad I caught it early enough, because, um, I wouldn't know it never connected until I think Council works. So that's a little downside of migrating from one to the other, yeah? And I'm not techie, so lots of language,

[897:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: somebody that can help you connect it. It should only take about 510 minutes to connect it,

[898:53] Speaker 3: yeah? And that was, Well, the thing is, I got domain from GoDaddy, and they have a website with Wix, and they'll try to migrate to Postgres. So that causes a lot of complication. I regret it's done over with. So move on. And, yeah, thank God it actually that was a whole week last week just to try to fix it. Great. So anyway, so get my hands dirty. Awesome this weekend, and hopefully something to report you in the next live call.

[911:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and make sure to stay connected with me through Voxer. And we'll we'll connect.

[912:16] Speaker 3: Yeah, that's what I'm bad about. So I, I'll do that too.

[913:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just be sure to, like, if you got anything, any questions to ask, you can come to me and I can help you with them,

[915:19] Speaker 3: right? And I would really have to get use over AI, because I'm, I'm so my husband is he. He's also anti AI, like he always goes to, you know, Google search for Google the wall. Let's try to use chat GPT instead of, you know, looking for some more information. Then we kind of stuff practicing that, just to familiarize how it works. Yeah, yeah, because I'm already behind

[925:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: with when it comes to when it comes to marketing at this point, it's like, it's, it's really great at coming up with ideas for marketing, much better than like. We need to have to figure them out ourselves. And so, right, like you, like you like it's literally like having a whole marketing team and expert in your pocket now, right? And then you can take what you know about your industry and niche and modify it and adjust it for what fits right and then that. I mean, it's good at answering questions. If you're like, for instance, with when your domain wasn't connected, you could ask chat GBT, how do I connect the domain to GoDaddy? From this Yeah,

[938:03] Speaker 3: I tried that route and didn't work. That's why I had a problem with Yeah, so there's a little deeper than that. I do lots of asking some advice or how, how to the instruction on the even capcut Canva, and I get pretty good answer from it and hit and miss, but most of the time I get good instructions how to so just getting familiarized. So awesome, and you're so good at it. So I it's just watching you navigate. Pause, quite eye opener for me. Thank you. Yeah, yeah,

[949:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been using it a while, but you the biggest thing is I just kind of treat it like I'm talking to another person, and then if I need to correct it or change something, then I go back and forth that way. So

[953:55] Speaker 3: all right, yeah, thank you. Yeah, you bet

[954:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wade anything else before we wrap up.

[955:52] Speaker 2: I think I'm sad. I mean, I I'm gonna make one more video for an ad creative. I thought I had done it, but I can't find it in my reels or in my photos, so I don't. What I've done with that, maybe, but I have one more similar hook, oh no, no, no, no. I know what it is. I did it, and this is one I really wanted you to see. Let me see if I can, because it's this tone of it is like, let's see. Let me real quick, real quick. I just

[966:35] Speaker 0: Oh, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot.

[967:03] Speaker 2: Let me go into because it's all be real

[969:44] Speaker 0: open, recent project.

[972:19] Speaker 0: Shoot, shoot, shoot,

[972:37] Speaker 2: I'll send it to you. I can't. It's really, oh, I know where it is.

[976:13] Speaker 0: I thought I did. Oh, here it is. Let me.

[979:14] Speaker 2: Let me just play this one for you real quick. I don't I just, I'll say up front. I don't know that I like this one,

[981:36] Speaker 0: but we'll see.

[982:55] Speaker 2: This is AI generated this first one workshop give you

[983:59] Speaker 0: a simple plan with

[986:47] Speaker 4: to work out. Give you a simple

[988:22] Speaker 0: that's not AI generated, is it? No, just the first one. It's

[989:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting there you can tell. You can tell their body language is not AI,

[991:00] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah, yeah. They're much more free than that first one, the AI is still I'm not sure why I thought I had captions on this. Maybe I'll put it into into captions and get it I know because I did this and I edited all of this in DaVinci Resolve, so I haven't put it through the captioning. And DaVinci Resolve is not good at automatic captioning. So, no, I don't know. What do you what do you think about the tone of that? I mean, it's a little more somber, like, I don't know somebody gonna you know tone of voice, the tearful. You

[1002:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: could try it. I'm not sure it's going to get anybody's attention, because here's what you're dealing with, is on social media, getting people's attention is the big thing. And since you're not, since you're not a famous person, right? Here's the thing, the more famous you are, the more somber you can get away with. Okay? So, like, if somebody's, like, super famous, like, household name, like, they could be more creative with the front end thing that gets attention, because who they are is more the attention grabbing thing, whereas, right, when you're not, you gotta kind of lean on, like, Okay, what grabs people's attention, right? Other people will just ignore it. Like, okay, who's this? Who's this random person that I don't Right, right, right? And so that's, that's kind of like the thing that's why I find, again, oftentimes in marketing, if we are modeling off of, like, really famous gurus and how they do things, we're gonna miss it, because the reason why they do certain stuff is because they're, they are a household name already in their industry, right? Right, right, right. And like, and that takes a lot. Like, I'm talking like Alex hermosi level,

[1026:42] Speaker 2: right. Like, right, right, right, the Russell, like,

[1027:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, this is a, this is a post from him right here. Like, you know, there's not much going on in that photo, but it grabs your attention because of who he is, right, right, right, versus if I just did me like that people, okay, yeah, this guy and so, like, that's the thing. So, so for that is why, like, depending on like, how well known you are, the more attention grabbing sort of things have to be and so, yeah, I think the more somber video is probably not going to be as effective. I think having a good headline or caption that pops up on some of those photos you have was really good, right? But maybe play around with a few ideas. I. Yeah, and this is where. So I would maybe take screenshots of your video, bring it into chat. GPT, yeah, tell it. I need to make an ad that's similar to this. For this offer. Paste your offer in, right? And then I would say, but I know that this is not going to get people's attention through social media, because I'm not well known. Help me come up with a better concept for the video clips that's going to grab people's attention more. Okay? And so then chat GBT will actually be able to come up with those concepts for the visual cues, even for you that graphs, yeah, okay, and

[1049:32] Speaker 2: that'll help. Yeah, it's also just flat, like visually flat, it's not there's no contrast, there's no brightness, there's

[1051:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: no there's no there's a level where just attention for attention sake isn't worth anything either, right? I've always heard the example like the the Instagram model in her bikini gets all the attention of social media, but at the same time, she makes almost no money, right? Because it's just attention for attention sake. There's no purpose behind it. See, like, you don't want to like, just get attention. It's gotta be then crafted get attention that leads to your message, yeah, and that was actually something too. I and I had worked with an Instagram influencer. She had about a million followers, but she wasn't very good at selling, and a lot of the stuff that we did wasn't leading to a sale, and I was trying to coach her through the selling, and she didn't want to grow in that skill set. She was just like, No, it's not it's not me. It's too hard. I'm not that person. So she would rather just be famous. And yeah, now again, she was still making like, 20, $30,000 a month at that. But I was like, I told her, like, if you learn to sell like your audience, she could be making 500,000

[1073:02] Speaker 0: Right, right?

[1073:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, but she didn't. She just didn't want to do the sales side of things. Is what is? What that was, and that's why, again, I told her, like, Okay, we want to get attention, but then we want to lead to a call to action, right? We need some kind of an action that people are taking too yeah,

[1078:20] Speaker 2: alright, well, cool, yeah, I gotta run, but thank you

[1079:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: for today. You bet See ya on Voxer, see y'all next week. Have a good one, yep, Alright,

[1080:23] Speaker 2: have a good one. Bye, bye.

