VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-05-20T19:39:12.000Z
Duration: 61 min
Otter ID: yyT5Lj6PM0fFjUbXTlF0AThJ7tM
---

[0:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, there's the recording

[2:33] Speaker 1: this.

[3:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, Wade,

[4:02] Speaker 2: Jeremiah, you go by Jeremiah. Jeremiah, I've heard you say it both ways. Oh,

[5:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know my my social media is Jeremi, and then Jeremiah is what I go by like for my branding. So it is kind of both way. Okay, yep, yep,

[9:32] Speaker 2: all right, whatever you prefer. That's what I'll do. Hey,

[10:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Karen, hello.

[11:21] Speaker 1: I'm just looking at my YouTube Analytics, and I just put some random video Like, they're not random. Like, I mean, I put thought into them, but they have, like, 1.5k views, 1.1k awesome. Like, I mean, I just did them a couple days ago because I have, like, days, like, it's like, every third day I feel inspired, yeah? Or like, I got my hair done, so that's why I did videos on Saturday, yeah? I mean, well,

[19:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited for this program. So we got the two of you, and then there's, there is Akiko, who also joined. She said that she's going to be watching the recording here today. So so far we got, we have three people on our kind of pilot run of the VIP program. This one I've been planning for a long time, and my goal is I'm going to be using this I just thought about this this morning. Is, instead of like announcing it always to the group, it's going to be part of my funnel when somebody comes in to the wealthy coach Academy, I can kind of privately make them an offer to join this group and then make that be a part of that. And I think that's going to be really, really effective for that. It's interesting, though, the psychology I realized, and I was talking with one of my mentors on this is because I have a I have some people in our main group that have been with me for like, two, two plus years. People often times won't join a VIP program because they're complacently comfortable in the lower tier program if they've been in it for a long time. So I was like, Oh, that's so interesting. I thought the trust would be, like, massively high. It's more of a like, familiarity makes it to where they're, like, probably not going to jump into something like that. So what that tells me is, I gotta use it as, let's get some new people into it. And that's going to be kind of the main thing on that. The beauty of this is that you guys get a very intimate, close access with me in this way, more than I expected to be able to give to people. I thought we'd probably have like 10 people jump in, probably. So which was kind of my goal, three is still great. So which is awesome, and I'm going to keep doing it, because I'm like, I gotta still get to that goal of 10 right now. But that is how it goes. The intimate part of it is that when we do these calls, I plan on doing these calls every Tuesday. You guys can use these kind of like a we want to look over anything to sort of like, view it as like, it's a one on one call, but we have, like, a few people that are on it together, as far as I go. So anything that we want to kind of bring to the table on this, if you know for like, for sure, like, you can't make it, just shoot me a message in boxer and let me know that in there, that way, like, if I find out everybody gets is not going to make it, then I won't be sitting on here for like, 2030, minutes waiting for anybody to log in. So up, awesome. Alright, cool. I sent a survey to both of you in boxer. Oh, like in boxer, I'm going to be creating a group chat in boxer with my I have a new admin that I'm onboarding right now. I'm going to have her in there and the three of you, and then we will use that to kind of communicate the Zoom calls as well. They'll be posted in there. So the Voxer group chat is kind of like the Facebook group. These will all be recorded. Everything that we do on these zoom calls will be recorded. They will go into the members area under a special VIP program course that'll be in there, and that will also have the access that I'm building out the the MRR master reseller rights products too, if you guys want to resell any of my courses, those will be in there too as well. We'll be adding how you get access to those in there. If you want to book a one on one call with me separately, privately, let me know that. And like I said, for this group. It would just be, the thing would be like $900 per call on that for one of those one on one. Now here's the best way to take advantage of this. The way that I see this is, this is like our first call together, and we're launching, just take a little bit of time to kind of orient some things. So I sent the survey. The survey is 40 questions that I've developed over the last seven or eight years of working with people that if I know this information and Wade, you sent me a lot of the information that's already on it, so you can kind of copy and just do whatever you already kind of came up with, fill in the blanks there, and then fill in what, what I what you didn't send me. It helps me really get to get to know you a lot better on a lot deeper level, very quickly, and to understand how we can help kind of build your offers out. Now, Karen's been in the wealthy coach Academy for a couple couple of months now, and I have a few goals, I think for you that we can focus on. Number one, I think I want to help you get your landing pages better. Okay, a big thing, your landing pages, your offers, because I think that those are kind of scaring people away a little bit initially, and they're kind of like they're not, they're not landing the way that they need to for you. Wade, I want to see you need to shoot me over on Voxer, like your any offers that you have, website stuff, social media, all Yeah, that way I can see all that and take a look at it. Then the way that I plan on using these calls is, if I have something to share, it's not going to be as like, formal, like, I'm going to talk for an hour, and then we take Q and A like, the wealthy coach Academy. What is it's going to be more like, I might share something that maybe is 1520 minutes. And then we'll, we'll take the coaching back and forth, where we can go over anything that you guys have questions you want to bring up, or you need me to show you, walk you through something. We could do some live copywriting. We can do any of that kind of stuff on these calls. And that's one of the things, is copywriting live is really a great thing. We can go back and forth writing copy. There's a really powerful aspect to doing that. And then inside of Voxer, what we can do. And I'd prefer to keep communication in boxer versus Facebook Messenger, just as like a as a boundary. I think that it's a it'll be a good thing, because once I get more people in into this program, that's going to be important we had, I built a VIP program with Rick Pino. We had 150 people in it. And then we built one with my mom's program that we had, we had 150 people in that VIP program. And what was amazing is it was like, that's what I see as kind of the goal for me is, like 150 people in that and 3000 in the wealthy coach Academy program. And that's, that's where I want to take things by the end of the year, is with that so, but right now we have just the, just a couple of us here, and so tell me, Wade, since I'm kind of getting to know you a little bit, right, what? What would you say is kind of the main area of focus that we could work on together to kind of get you moving some things forward.

[138:15] Speaker 2: Yeah. So, I mean, I think I joined the weather coach Academy on Friday, maybe Thursday, and then jumped in. I was like, Oh, I'm just going in. I'm going all in all my chips. And so got in the VIP. Yes, yes, Sunday. So the real idea is, so, I think I briefly mentioned and so Karen, you'll know too nice to meet you. I've gotten to six figures doing one on one coaching. Well, it's couples coaching, so one on one and it's actually a six figures is a combination of my psychotherapy practice and my coaching, which both of you actually

[149:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: have that in common to your background around therapy? Yeah, very, very interesting that that that was that, but I would, I would say that that's because there's I, there needs to be more hands on, but I can give to both of you. I think that's going to help you

[153:35] Speaker 2: a lot more than that. Yeah, so the messaging piece is really important to me, yeah, like I've gone through the first, what, five or six videos in the WCA, which has been great. And I was kind of arrogantly thinking, I don't need to watch this niching thing. I've got that down. You know, a lot

[158:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of people think that, especially if they're already making six figures,

[159:35] Speaker 2: right? Yeah. Well, and so and so. I was like, alright, I'll just, you know, humble myself before Jeremiah. I'll humor him and do it. But then it was the the AI niche, but then asking for 100 sub niches. Yeah, that really? I mean, I've always heard niche down three times, right? Yeah. And so that really helped, because it when I asked for even the sub niches, it spit out things like parenting during time of transition, which is not my thing, or, you know, several different things and like what I enjoy doing, and what I've worked with clients most is around, how do you stop emotional drift? How do you stop conflict and learn to communicate better so that you can solve whatever issues that yeah, so that was really helpful. And then, and then, in subsequent videos, I've taken some of the AI prompts and and then started with some of the messaging stuff, as far as, like, what would a landing page look like? And I've got several landing pages. I'll send you to them now. I did not write those. I had hired a marketing agency last year, which was great, wonderful. They've done a great job for me, running Google ads. And I probably, you know, I mean, close to 30 or $40,000 from the Google Ads since, yeah, you know, in the last, say, six or seven months. So that's so that's going great, but I know I'm capped out at one on one, so I need a group program. I tried it once before. I could not crack that nut. I can't I couldn't figure out the messaging. So that's why I say the messaging is so important. How do I trend? I need to message in a way that trends that moves people from one on one to a couples.

[194:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have your one on one sessions? Yes, your recordings,

[196:48] Speaker 2: yep. For my coaching. I do for my well, actually, I do for my counseling as well. But, yeah, but

[198:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used I like to do transcripts, the transcripts of the sessions. I have some prompting that I like to do where you can pull those into chat GPT and have it pull out marketable, like, Okay, if I was to like, This identifies as a type of client that I want to attract. Can you pull for me their again, like, we're writing sales copy, top frustrations, top like, yeah, shoes and stuff like that. One of the books that I've recommended for the longest time was the ultimate sales letter, right here. Okay, again, Kennedy, so I'd recommend getting this one. But really what there is, and I actually tested this out in chat. GBT, so look, there's this thing. Is called 10 smart market diagnosis and profiling questions,

[212:22] Speaker 2: yeah, okay, I may own that. I don't think I've read it, yeah, yeah. Right there. PAGE

[213:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: 15, right there. Well, I asked chat GPT to just give me the 10 smart markets, diagnosis mark, diagnosis questions from Dan Kennedy, and it knew what all the questions were in chat GPT and gave them to me. So I didn't even need to type them in. I just was able to prompt it to do that. So that was, yeah, that was a more recent thing that I was able to to get it to do, let me log in. Looks like my, oh, wait. I mean, that's Firefox. That's fine. Firefox opens up and then it doesn't, doesn't have any of my stuff logged in. Let me see. Okay, yeah, so the security is huge,

[225:27] Speaker 2: yeah, actually building out the program, I mean, and the AI prompts look really good. And I've done, I did something like that kind of intuitively a few weeks ago, yeah, and, but I think, I mean, you know, AI prompting is garbage in, garbage out, and the prompts that you've developed are much more

[232:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: your outputs are only as good as the prompts you make. Yeah to it. So yeah here, here's what they are, right. Here is it's able to pull up. Oh, why, where's uh, share screen, okay. Share so it looked like it pulled it from somebody's blog post the 10 smart market diagnosis and things are right here. I. And so you can run this through your transcript and say, Okay, what keeps them up at night to the point of indigestion boiling up in their esophagus, eyes wide open, staring at the ceiling, the little tongue in cheek there. But what are they afraid of? What are they angry? And so, like, what this is, is these are the frustrations right here. And then you flip a frustration on its head, and when you start to understand their desires, right, right, we can start to understand their biases. Is there certain language or jargon that they use? Who else is selling something similarly, who else has tried to sell something to them? And so you can use this to either understand your own customers. You can answer these for yourself as much as you know them. And I think that that would be good intuitively to to answer those but the AI can help you with your messaging to understand that based on the transcripts of sessions that you already have. I also like to prompt it say, Okay, pull for me. And I do this every single week that we do our group calls pull for me every question that has been asked by this group that was asked as a specific question of the person leading the call, what questions were asked. And then I also will prompt it, and I'll say now what underlying needs issues or even mindset issues that were not discussed but are underlying as part of a root problem, yeah, related to what was discussed and asked. And then I will have it compile, and I will say, Make me a list of 10 courses, even though I'm not making them into courses. I'll say, 10 courses. I'll say 10 courses and 10 one hour talks that I could deliver on YouTube based on these questions and issues that people have,

[269:49] Speaker 2: oh, yeah, right into content generation. And

[270:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: then I say right there. And then make me a description of what each of those courses would contain. And what each of those video pieces of content would contain. So the output of that I'm just going to show you from yesterday. I do this pretty much like this is how I prepare for all my coaching calls. Like the main coaching calls that I do, right? I log in and I do this. So it's, let me see where is it from yesterday? Top Questions, Yep, here it is. Okay. So here's the transcript from our session. Take the following three transcripts. Make me a list of Top Questions, topics discussed. Make me a list on what this group could use training on to help them compile a list of one hour class topics I could teach with details about each class. So see, there's the transcript. It's just pasted in there. So then when it gives me Okay, these are the most asked questions. These were the recurring discussion topics that were asked during the session. Here's some gaps that the group still needs some training on. And here's 10 ready to teach one hour power classes that I could create. And so, yeah, I do that every, every time I do like in my group coaching, especially for group coaching, that's powerful, because you got a lot of people asking questions all at once. I don't need to be taking notes the whole time. I got the transcript right. The AI that can just get right, yeah, and I, and every week, everybody in the group tells me, Oh, man, what you taught was exactly what I needed this week right now, because it's, it's based on what they were asking me. So I'm like, I need to reinvent the wheel. I don't need to be super smart to figure that out. The AI is kind of able to do that. And then I bring to the table how I can deliver so then I'll like, intuitively read through the list, and I'll be like, Okay, I'd really like to teach that that topic. And then I'll like, I'll have another topic in mind sometimes that is not on the list, that I want to combine together. And then I'll have the AI come up with an outline for like, a one hour talk for me that I can even, like, roughly, I don't follow it that exactly, but roughly follow so, right? That's, that's generally what I do on, like, our group calls in the wealthy coach Academy. And I've been doing, I've been doing that in there for like, the last almost two years. Wow, so, and it's and it's always worked out really well, really dialed in. Now, if I notice, it's like, giving me the same answer all the time, like, Okay, I taught on that for the last three weeks. I'm not gonna talk about it this week. I'm gonna talk about something, right, right? I'll even tell the AI, hey, the last three weeks, we already talked about these three topics. Find me some more that we didn't talk about. So that's one thing that's really helpful for finding, messaging finding, and part of this because it's you're able to pull language from your prospects. There's key language indicators that your client calls have that you can pull out of them to use. Use as far as the way that questions are asked, yeah, and you can use that so, so that's one one side of that that I would say, try that out a lot of the AI, you can paste even, like, three or four calls into one AI prompt and the transcripts to do that. So,

[324:56] Speaker 2: right, yeah. And I, I've been using Claude because I find it better on actual writing than chat GPT or any of the others, although I haven't tried meta at all. Meta, yeah, and, and in that you can create artifacts in a like folder, yeah, say, refer to this document, yeah. And are this these documents? Yeah. And I think that's what, which is interesting,

[332:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a side of using the AI I haven't really dove into, is using the, like, folders and projects and stuff. Yeah, Project projects inside of, just like the artifacts and folders instead of Claude, they have that in chat GPT now. Oh, they do. And chat GPT, like the most recent version right now, is probably a little bit better than Claude at coming up with that stuff, except for writing emails. I think writing emails, if you're using it for writing Claude, is probably still better for what you're doing, but for market research and sales copy and messaging for marketing wise, I think chat GBT is a plus, okay, yeah,

[344:08] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah, and that's what I wrote, uh, a series right now. I don't have a follow up series, uh, email sequence, but I do have a once someone books a consultation with me, I have, like, a nurture sequence to that, just a five, five emails. Yeah, that work pretty well. I think when they fire, yeah? All

[351:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, hey, Karen, you still here with us? Yeah? Okay, awesome. Yeah.

[352:17] Speaker 1: I was just, um, I was just honestly playing in chat. GBT, I was typing in, I ended up pulling up the the 10 smart magnet, and then I was telling it to answer those questions for my ideal client. And it kind of knows me, like my account from

[356:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's using you the memory instead of,

[357:20] Speaker 1: yeah, it's memory. And then I said, All right, make 10 YouTube video scripts, and they're, they're not bad.

[359:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's cool, and that's a great way to, kind of like, get the ball rolling with stuff like that for you.

[361:26] Speaker 1: And then do you, do you think I need to go, okay? So I spent, I spent a lot of money on those landing pages. You know, I did okay, so it's just a sunk cost.

[364:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me how much did you spend on them? 300 a landing page. It's a little high. It was, it

[366:46] Speaker 1: was someone that you had recommended, um, oh, what was her name? She had Lyme disease. I don't know. Like she mentioned,

[369:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: because she, because she does stuff on WordPress, doesn't she? Yeah, yeah. So yes, I've not worked with her for landing pages.

[371:30] Speaker 1: So I guess what I'm, what I'm, what I'm in my head. I'm, like, okay, sunk cost. Like, yeah, when

[373:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to what I want to what I want to look at for you, I'm surprised that I know that she's followed me and my content for a long time. Did you tell her to model the landing pages after the landing pages that I've built and made for our business?

[378:19] Speaker 1: Um, no, she didn't help with the content at all. Okay? Like, I think I did it more in Claude.

[380:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: That might be part of the issue.

[381:03] Speaker 1: Yeah, she just, like, basically, she cut and paste. And it's like, as I play in WordPress, I'm almost good enough that I could have cut and pasted myself. Yeah,

[383:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and for somebody like, you could have somebody almost full time in the Philippines that does WordPress stuff for 300 bucks a month. Well,

[385:45] Speaker 1: and I emailed a bunch of people from your list. You know, you have a list in there, and she's the only one that wrote back,

[387:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, did you include my name attached to it and say that it was referred to me? Yeah? Interesting. Yeah.

[389:31] Speaker 1: Yeah, okay, okay, so it's fine. Back to the drawing

[390:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: board. Let me know who those people are, so I can either follow up with them or remove them from that list. Okay,

[391:50] Speaker 1: okay, because it's been a minute.

[392:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. I know for some reason some of them told me they thought they were getting spam messages and they didn't realize they were actual people from our list, yeah, so they thought it was just spam. Okay, so that's one, that's one thing you gotta be aware of. What I what I look at is I, I just hired somebody recently that helped us a lot with WordPress, and she was. Maybe, like, $5 an hour on here, on online jobs.ph, okay, that was really helpful for the, like, technical side of things. But what I what I look at is, like, when I look at my landing pages and stuff like that, and how they're designed with the sales copy headlines, you got the photos because I know you got a ton of photos of you.

[406:31] Speaker 1: Yeah, I have great photos.

[407:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you'll notice, like, my my landing pages I've been doing now, they have my photo, and then I might have like, one AI generated photo of like, somebody that looks like a potential client or something. Yeah, I'll have certain testimonies. This photo shoot was funny, by the way, nobody was at it,

[412:14] Speaker 1: but me, oh, I was like, I feel like I've been there. But yeah, it

[413:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: was, it was downtown, at that one coworkers. Oh, they're the best. They're

[414:08] Speaker 1: the best when you're when you're the only one that's the best photo shoots you get so much. Anyways, so it's just not, I'm just frustrated. It's just not coming together.

[417:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I would look at, though, modeling the landing pages off of how I have my pages

[418:28] Speaker 1: here, and put that in Claude or, well, no, like when you just want somebody to

[419:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: design the pages to do that? Oh, okay. So that's one thing. Like using my pages as kind of like a model that they in, a template they can follow. Okay? The other ones right here that I had this evergreen one, yeah. So this photo is actually very interesting. I use this for an ad for another client. It was his best performing ad for business coaching. This image right here. So I use the same image on here. It's so like, it's a pattern interrupt, because it's so weird, and yet it's like, and I'm pretty sure this one was aI generated too. Yeah, so, but yeah. So there's, that's one thing that I would say for your landing pages, because I What's your site? Again?

[433:16] Speaker 1: It's Karen C Truesdale, phd.com, D, E, L, L,

[437:57] Speaker 1: yeah, that's it.

[438:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So one thing you might want to get another domain name you can direct people to as well. It's a little shorter and easier to spell, okay, so that could be one other thing, okay, yeah. So what I see the person that you hired, she's trying to model after how you have the site built, your site good, but we're our landing pages. See, this is the problem with web developers. They're not mark necessarily. They don't think like a marketer and a salesperson, right? So they're trying to keep this all on brand, to keep everything feeling and looking the same way, right when, in fact, like you, you want a lot of the the pages, when you're, like, linking to a to a sales page or an offer, to be more like what I have right here, yeah, okay, same with, like, what we had with my mom's offer that we have right here, like they're not super pretty, but they get the attention of the Yeah, they're

[454:50] Speaker 1: more Yeah, they're not perfect, but yeah,

[455:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: the text is actually the most important kind of thing that stands out, because you want people to read that, yeah, and the text always shares some kind of, like a story, okay, okay, of some kind that's in here now, did you? Did you go through Karen, specifically for you? Did you go through this course called sales, letter and landing page copywriting Made Easy?

[463:31] Speaker 1: Yes, but it's been a while. Okay.

[465:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Particularly, possibly just even going through the first two lessons again. Okay, about how to use the AI prompts. Okay, to do that story section, to kind of pull that out. And the other thing too is chat GPT has gotten a lot better at writing sales copy for landing pages than it was even six months ago. Okay, they've really, they've really upped the quality on that type of output. So, like, what was that? What was that offer right now that you're currently promoting?

[473:38] Speaker 1: Um, it's probably not on there. It's in my member vault. It's the I made a summer toolkit, a summer parenting toolkit. I don't think it's there's a landing page for that, but

[476:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: so again, I mean, even just taking this one, because we went through this one, yeah, we went

[477:50] Speaker 1: through that one, yeah.

[478:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would put the headline little bit bigger text. Yes, okay, and there's different copy that you that I would write for, okay, this so like, okay, chat GPT to write this, I would just say, write me a sales letter in the style of Dan Kennedy's Ultimate Sales Letter. Oh, okay, why don't we just say that? Yeah,

[486:31] Speaker 1: I like that

[487:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: for an offer like this, that as a storytelling section, empathizes with the prospect and then leads them to register by order what is being offered, and I just pasted what you had right here. Oh, wow. And what this is going to kind of give us is a little bit of what's missing. If you're reading this with your eyes blurred by another night of restless grief, soaked sleep, no two things, you're not broken and you don't have to stay here.

[498:17] Speaker 1: Wow, that's good. So like

[499:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: opening up your sales. I mean, that's, it's like,

[499:53] Speaker 1: I would never think of that on my own.

[500:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, well, that's, that's why the AI is, yeah, but, but I have done

[501:12] Speaker 1: a video. I did do a video. I remember when I first got that book, it was like, what keeps you up at night? Like, I did a YouTube video, just to my people.

[504:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can even use a lot of like, what you have here on this page,

[504:54] Speaker 1: yeah, and I can change the text, like, I have the skill set to change that text. What's up? I can change that myself?

[507:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would add a little section right up here, okay, with a photo of you and some text kind of like this, that kind of breaks down the story. Now again, what's the angle we want to take? Do we want to use the angle that you've come through a lot of grief, or no, helps your clients? How I felt my clients. Let's focus more on how I've helped. Yeah,

[512:56] Speaker 1: I'm not really the great. I mean, I've been through things, but I wouldn't say grief is my my jam, okay, but helping people through grief

[514:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, this is just an example. Like, for some of your sales pages, how you might it doesn't need to be like, you don't need like, specific number of, like, three. You could say a hard, shattered clients began laughing again. Okay, see, this is getting all squirrely and weird. Now, with the AI, it's not writing it the way I want it to. So this is where I might edit my original prompt, because it's not doing what I want. And I'll say, Let's see specifically write this from the direction of talking about what this offer is capable of, show empathy, but don't fabricate a story about my own brief. It's about clients, so I'm just adding that in there, oh yeah, to kind of tell it to be a little bit cautious on that. And I'm using the the oh three algorithm chat, GPT, okay, the table feels heavier than the table itself. At 2am you bolt up again. The house is silent, yet silence roars that one voice you long is missing. You tell yourself to be strong, but nobody ever taught you how sound familiar, if so, keep breathing the truth. Nobody tells you about grief. So you can even start it with something like that, even just to kind of Yeah, that's one example for a link like that. Now the other thing too, and by the way, everything that I've been kind of sharing with both of you, I think you can apply to what you're what you're both doing, yeah, something for both of you here is because Wade you do you have any like kind of offers or lead magnets or like landing pages right now that you're marketing with. I

[545:05] Speaker 2: so yet, no, the answer is no. Do I have the potential for Yes, I wrote a book last fall. I just finished another one last week. I have another little thing that could be used as a at least. I don't know that I want to use my Well, the book can be used as a low cost lead magnet kind of thing. And the other two, I really find about doing free but and

[551:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: something I'm really keen on, if you use a book, number one, make sure it's less than, uh, 14 pages, if it's a lead magnet, so you can edit your book down to 14 pages and like, make another book that's like, right book, but then always accompany a book with a 15 minute video that kind of gives them an overview of how you help people, and then what, like, what a. Paid offer that you have is right? Because I've seen a lot of people do like ebook offers, but the person gets the ebook, they never read it falls flat. They never nothing with you. But if you can get them to connect with you, to watch a video, right, they sign up for the ebook. Because here's what, here's what I found is so interesting about that offer, and I'm testing this with one of my consulting clients that I have right now for like a health offer, is she has this ebook that we're we're working on. Let me see if I can pull up the landing page for it so you can see it. So she has this ebook right here. It's all about health and hormones and all that. But then what I did was I had her include a video training and a free guide right here that they can get and so that video training talks about the struggle that her clients experience. It talks about her methodology. It it like it summarizes what's in the book itself that they're getting. But then the last five minutes is a direct sales pitch to her $300 program that she has, which we're going to be offering. It. The goal is $300 program with like a $47 a month membership attached to it, type of a thing, and then eventually get her to have like a, like 1002 $1,000 program. She has over a million people on her Instagram. Wow. Um, and, and like barely doing anything is making 20,000 a month off of it. So my goal is to help her get to like seven figures off of monetizing that million person following. And so it's really fun being able to do that, but that's why her price point is a lot lower than I'd recommend for some people, because she can do a lot of volume really quickly. For the flip side, like, if we're if we're just starting out to how do we make six figures with group coaching, Group offers? Again, the value ladder is really a key part of it, because it because not everybody is going to sign up for your high end program, but you need to have some kind of a high end program that will help you pay the bills at some kind and whatever that what's that like? What would be considered like a high price point that you know that you can get people to pay Wade? What would that be? Well, so right now,

[602:56] Speaker 2: I'd charge $2,800 for 12 weeks, and I close everyone I haven't missed. So my price is too low. I think because I've I have not closed one sale this year. I mean, literally, there's one person that didn't buy from me that I talked to on the phone. So I need to not not close one sale, right? I've not not closed one sale. Yeah,

[609:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: so your offer, and how are you selling to these people? So now it's a, it's a, gave me a lot bit of information that we need to utilize here. Let me,

[612:46] Speaker 2: I'll show you my

[613:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have something that's working right now that you're doing, yeah, this is it.

[614:40] Speaker 2: This is the landing page. Yep, again, I didn't construct it, but this, this is it. And then on my picture, on the thank you page, there is a i

[619:58] Speaker 2: a video. I don't even remember doing the video, but that's

[621:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's okay. What

[621:59] Speaker 2: a great. What a great. I love it. It's

[623:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: really like, it's really well put together. It follows like if I was building a funnel for this type of an offer, that's exactly how I would do a one on one offer. So now, once we add group coaching, you charge 50 to 100 times more for this one on one offer, or even three times more for it. Yeah,

[629:20] Speaker 2: I was thinking I could jump to five easy and feel like, okay, so, you know the psychology of money and the all that stuff that, I mean, I I've always probably charged too little, yeah, and so I but I feel Like, if I have a group, then I can easily charge, you know, I don't know, maybe 50. I don't know what pricing we had to talk about that, but say $1,500 for that, and then five for the one on one. Yeah,

[638:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think groups work really well if you have, like. Uh, they work really well when it's it's priced out monthly, so people can come in monthly, yeah, you create a mechanism where, now, if you want to move away to from that kind of one on one coaching, it just kind of like

[645:35] Speaker 2: doing it, but you're

[645:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: charging more for it. It's a good pro, it's profitable for you, and you're closing the sale. So are you closing so you're doing these 20 minute calls? Yep. Is you doing those yourself?

[648:37] Speaker 2: Yes, yeah. I'm a one man band. So

[649:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what I am curious about. Whatever you're saying on that 20 minute call, we can bottle that up and use almost exactly that same Yeah, conversation in your marketing for the group, yeah,

[653:56] Speaker 2: I have my script somewhere. It's a real script

[654:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: is so effective right now for your one on one packages. I would not want you to reinvent the wheel with the group coaching, because you have something that's working right. You just bring what's working already with one on one, and we translate it into a group offer. And here's where the part is that, I think,

[663:18] Speaker 2: is, here's the, here's the main part. I mean, it's a pretty straightforward, like, you'll find anywhere. I mean, oh, wow, yeah. And I have, like, a 10 page script, but I don't, I never pull that out anymore. I mean, so and then the pricing, oh,

[667:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: wow, yep, awesome. Very cool. So I like, yeah, in 12 sessions, that's a lot of work for 2800 bucks. So yeah, it's,

[671:21] Speaker 2: I mean, it works out to, you know, 233, an hour, which is more than I charge my counseling clients, yeah, but yeah. I mean, I've wondered if, within with the new like niching down a little bit, I can slice off a piece of that, which also would slice the time, and I can, I can, you know, create that very specific outcome. Because now I'm like, here are the three phases. We're not going to get through all three of these phases in 12 weeks, but then I don't, you know, I have, we can do a month by month after that, but I get, here's what I can guarantee. I don't guarantee, but this is what you're going to accomplish in this amount of time. You're going to be stabilized, and you're going to reduce, and you'll know this, Karen, frequency, intensity and duration of arguments, all that's going to go down. And we can do that in 12 weeks, and we can make these new communications stand processes normal. And the way that I talk about it, I don't think I have it on here, but it's a I used to have a long process, and I've simplified it to we're going to stabilize, noble, normalize and mobilize. I used to be a preacher. I can't help myself, and so. And then I'll say we can get through the first two phases in 12 weeks. The third, we probably won't, but that also kind of future paces them to Okay, so we we might need to do some more work, because I do have that, I've had probably about 50% do sign up for another month or four sessions or whatever is after the initial

[701:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: currently getting those people to sign up to fill out that form,

[702:27] Speaker 2: Google ads. Oh,

[702:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. Okay, got it. Yeah,

[703:50] Speaker 2: so I'm not doing we were going to run Facebook and Instagram ads, but I was so full like seeing so many clients, that it was 345, days before I could schedule a consultation. And and the, my God, that I'm working with now was like, that's not going to work on Facebook and Instagram. They've they're going to, they want it instantly, so you don't have openings for consultations in a day or two. Yeah, it's not going to work. That's

[713:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: very true. And so here's, here's how I can see that is the is the Facebook and Instagram can get people into the front door with you. How many leads are you getting? A month for that off of Google right now.

[719:44] Speaker 2: Let me see I. To tell you exactly,

[721:47] Speaker 2: oops, that's not it wrong document.

[723:56] Speaker 2: Okay, so last I does

[727:26] Speaker 2: about one a week, honestly, and I, but I'm closing them, yeah, I mean, so, so, for instance, I'm getting what

[729:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're what you're running into right now is a that's actually really cool. Who? Who, whoever you worked with for that Google funnel. And truthfully, I'm not super familiar with using the Google. They did a great job with that.

[732:48] Speaker 2: Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I'm getting, it's working well, getting about, like, at least 6x row as on it. So I'm like, like,

[735:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: for like, for instance, like, Karen might even want to talk to whoever your Google person is for some of what she's doing. Yeah, locally, you know, just to get some of the because it pays the bills with the one on one. But the problem is, with the one on one clients is you're limited by your time. Yeah, right. So you can only handle getting, like, one a week. Yeah,

[740:51] Speaker 2: that would be one a week. One on One is six figures for me. I mean, I so I'm cool with that. I mean, that's netting, but

[744:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have the potential now, I think, to go a lot further than that. Yeah, yeah. And to and to, to, I always tell people like, Okay, think about your best month financially in the last even, like, 10 years. Yeah? And double that number, that's our next goal, yeah? So, like, my best personal financial month was, I think it was, like 160,000 cash. I got one month. Like, this is awesome. Like, that's, that's really great. You know, if I just do that every month, that's $2 million cash, right there, yeah, and I was able to average even like 7080, $90,000 a month. But I look at okay. Now my next goal is, I want to get to 360,000 in one month, in one one month for

[757:01] Speaker 2: me personally, for with that, you run a team, right? I mean, you have people that help you.

[758:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have people in the Philippines that are super part time. Yeah, that maybe work 10 to 15 hours a week.

[760:15] Speaker 2: So that's the other question like, so my goal for this year was 200k I don't think I'm going to reach it, but that was my goal, and I'm going to have a better year this year than I did last year, because my coaching income, I've already I've already surpassed my coaching income in 2025 that I had all of last year, and still had six figures last year. So this is going to be a better year, barring the wheels falling off, which I can't imagine happening. But then it I don't, I don't really want to run much of a team. I mean, I'm gonna, my plan is to hire my wife to do my books next fall. Yeah, that's the extent.

[772:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you have somebody, though, who built your landing page, right?

[773:20] Speaker 2: Yes, mm hmm, you have somebody

[773:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: who's doing your ads. So when I think about a team that's kind of, I'm talking about, I have somebody, well, okay, I got you, yeah, I got somebody who edits my videos. I don't upload my own videos, my recordings into Thinkific, okay, I got you. So they have a system that they follow. I don't really have to manage it,

[777:44] Speaker 2: yeah?

[778:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then I have, they kind of self govern themselves to make sure that it's done, like, if, if one of them forgets something that the other one lets me know. Okay, yeah, so I barely have to, like, oversee them at all that much. They're very decentralized in how they operate. So my So, yeah, so my team that I have is developed to where they don't need very much of my own oversight at all, yeah, um, unless, like, we're adding something new in, like, a new method or program, but we're always going to base it off of stuff like that. I might. What I'll do is I'll record, like, I'll record an hour or two video training and then send it to all of them, then they'll know what to do. Okay, so, okay, that's how I like to manage. When I talk about teams, it's not a lot of time spent with them to do stuff like that, yeah. But so that's so there's that side of it is a lot of those things for this business, you don't need a bunch of teams to do stuff. Yeah, more SOPs that you can have people do repeatedly. So like one of my VAs has a bunch of AI prompts that every week she just runs everything through for me. And then. She sends me the output, and then I approve, deny, edit, and I'm usually just editing like a line or two. Yeah, run those prompts, but she's able to, okay, take a recording, she's going to get it transcribed. She's going to now prompt it through. She's going to send me that that would take me an hour to do on my own, you know, right? So, yeah, well, that's I

[805:59] Speaker 2: have a 15 year old daughter who she already has a business. She loves dogs and she could, which, I don't know how she got into that, because we didn't encourage that, but she does. She makes great money for a 15 year old with no car and but she could do something like this, and it would really give her a leg up. Like, I'm thinking of the chat GPT prompts, yeah, we could work on that, and she could do that. And I'm also thinking about taxes, keeping that money in the house anyway. That's beside the point, but that's great.

[816:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when it comes to like doing a group program I do have, I was mentioning it yesterday,

[818:26] Speaker 2: there is, do you do groups? Are you doing one on

[819:19] Speaker 1: one? I haven't gotten a group off the ground. Okay, I've been I've been trying for a long time, and I make my money doing evaluations, like, they're more, they're more high ticket. So as long as I get a few of those, like, that's how I'm paying my bills, but I want to get out of one on one and I, and I've created, yeah, I've created a lot of groups. They just haven't gone off the ground yet.

[825:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I thought about evaluation. I'm having a ticket, but,

[826:30] Speaker 1: yeah, I'm having trouble cracking that code,

[827:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and that's why, that's why you're here, and that's why I'm here, yeah, well, and you guys are gonna find too, um, just wait over the next week or so how much we interact through Voxer, you're gonna be surprised. I have a very unique It's probably some I'm a millennial. Is why I have a very unique skill to be able to just like type stuff and like do it without even like thinking about it to where you get you're gonna get so much more out of me in there than you might even get on these calls. I'm in here because I'm able to, like, review stuff and iterate really fast through things. I'm going to have some questions and stuff that I'm going to be sending you. I did send you those that questionnaire. If we could try to fill that out, yeah, by the end of the week and send that back, that would be I have,

[841:14] Speaker 1: I mean, I have teenagers, and when I first started marketing online, I paid a teenager to do my posting, um, or she would post from her account. And my son has, like, critiqued all my videos. You know,

[845:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have my person usually schedule all my posts, yeah? So everything is scheduled,

[847:04] Speaker 1: yeah. I need, I need somebody to do that, because I had somebody for a while, and then she Yeah, it's the things that weren't that were not helpful.

[849:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no. And what I did was, so I found this gal. She helped me with Facebook ads. I just started training her on every little thing I needed done, yeah. And so slowly she started, like, basically being my go to person that just in 10 hours a week, does like 90% of everything I need done. Yeah, and she's in the Philippines, and she's been with me for like, three, four years. Okay,

[855:59] Speaker 1: I'll go on that website and maybe hire, you know, yeah, it's not like running an office where you need an office manager and a billing person. Like, it's not like that at all. You just need a little virtual

[858:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: help. Yeah, it's a VA. I would find somebody that can, like do social media management, and then they could probably do a lot of it. You could train them on a lot of the other stuff they can do. Yeah, they could. They could, if you find somebody you like working with, they can even go through some of the courses I have on landing pages and things like that.

[863:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Those things. Yeah, I was

[864:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to mention though Wade so I did have a course in here called, it's under intermediate courses in the members area, called running an impactful mastermind group. Yeah, and you can kind of skim through it a lot of this you might not necessarily need to go through, like the first the first three are a little more of the psychology for somebody who's never done coaching before. Mm, hmm. So you could probably skip those. But the these ones talk about like, how do you actually run a group? How do you have the group dynamic? How do you have the right like, authority in the group and lead it? And so this is a lot about like, lead. Now, you said that you were a pastor too, so there's some similarity to some of that as well. Yeah,

[876:02] Speaker 2: so you do. I enjoyed running groups when I was working in an agency, but the so I, you know, and then leading, you know, small group Bible studies or what. Not. I mean, I'm, I'm good at that stuff. It really, I but I've you mentioned you use the term mastermind, and I've been thinking just a marketing term, right? And that's what I was thinking, because if I say couples small group, or couples coaching group or something like that, that they're not going to know what that is, and they're in the in the guys, I can tell you, are already kind of resistant a lot of times. But if it's a mastermind, oh, that that hits different, I think, with men, in particular, women, that doesn't influence one way or the other. But

[890:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's another side to this too. Your your group may take on a different a slightly different identity than what you've always done with one on one coaching as well. Yeah, you might find that there's a profitable lane that you want to focus on, like you might, you might do a group that's just men. If you do something like that, that may be a possibility, yeah, if you do the couples together, we gotta look at, okay, what are we teaching as far as that goes in a group setting, who? And this is another important thing, like, who else is out there that has a big following that's doing groups

[902:31] Speaker 1: like Gottman,

[903:23] Speaker 2: yeah. Gottman, I think that there's a group called marriage 365 that does groups. I know they do retreats. Is that something you want to do the retreats? Or no, I would love to do retreats. Oh,

[907:23] Speaker 1: wow. And with your ministry background, yeah,

[908:21] Speaker 2: yeah, I'm working with my church to do a Couples Retreat probably at the end or beginning of the year. Marriage

[910:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: 365 has Couples Retreat membership and coaching marriage intensive, but they specifically have, like, a men's only group,

[912:46] Speaker 1: okay? And they call it intensive. That's what they call it.

[913:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, just looking at that,

[915:00] Speaker 2: I do have, I offer on my website a one day intensive for couples. I've never got anyone to buy, but I've also never run a funnel to it, and that is very profitable, because right now, for the one day intensive, what I have it priced at is $3,500 for six hours, I mean, and that's very limited, I mean, because that's three, essentially three hours of assessment, and and, and then three hours of teaching them skills, basically a very Gottman approach, as opposed to for caring for EFT, if you're familiar with that. Yeah,

[928:07] Speaker 2: but I haven't run. I haven't run any ads to that or, Oh, I gotta go. How long will our calls normally be?

[930:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jeremi, I want to aim for them to be an hour. Okay,

[931:20] Speaker 1: who does here real quick? Who does your Google ads?

[932:23] Speaker 2: There's a company I can send you the stuff. It's called Thera thrive. Okay? And it's, it's really, it's a young guys out in somewhere on the West Coast, or Washington, Oregon, great guys. Garrett burger is the lead. He's the front facing guy. And then they have a VA and his brother, Tyler, but you'll talk. You would talk to Garrett and tell him that I referred you if you just have a conversation, because they they really.io Yes, okay,

[941:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's cool.

[942:19] Speaker 2: Cool there. And he's a great guy, young, and all they do is work with therapists. Yeah,

[944:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. That's very niche, yeah, because

[944:54] Speaker 1: it does need to be specialized, because there's certain, you know, ethical, yeah, yeah.

[946:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: That was a really simple funnel that you had. And I think, I think that's something that, yeah, Karen just even attaching onto it. And that's the beauty of even a mastermind like this, is being able to, like, yeah, through and share and, yeah, share some of those things back and forth, which is awesome that we might not share in the bigger group, because, you know, yeah, it's awesome. Yeah, wait, I know you gotta get going.

[952:22] Speaker 2: Yeah, I have a three like, I'll try to get this moved where I don't have such a press.

[953:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're trying to get the we're gonna try to get these calls to just be about an hour. Yeah,

[955:06] Speaker 1: that's good. That's enough. That's a lot.

[956:26] Speaker 2: Yeah, today's been great. Yeah,

[957:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, I think it's good. I think it's a good start our next one that we're going to do together on Zoom, it'll be in two weeks. So we don't do it every week. It's two weeks. I. Um, my goal is, like, even with my high level consulting clients, I often times get to where I'm only meeting with them once a month, once or twice a month. And so that's why I realized I'm kind of modeled this off of how I've always worked with my consulting clients. The only difference is I'm not necessarily, like, in there building it for you, like I usually do with those clients. So that's where the savings financially kind of comes in. Yeah. But you're getting, you're getting a lot of access to me on here. So June 3 will be same time. We'll be meeting up on there. Okay, that and then I'm going to, I'm going to continue. You guys gave me a lot of great stuff to think about that. I'm going to be, I'm going to be reaching out individually to both of you on here for what we can do as far as next steps goes. Okay,

[974:20] Speaker 1: right. All right. Thank you.

[975:08] Speaker 2: Bye, see ya. Bye, thanks. Jeremi, appreciate it. You bet weird

[976:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're in Austin, yep. I.

