VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-12-02T23:53:17.000Z
Duration: 56 min
Otter ID: bTFAHuEZ38UifnQW8JKaCY1WPDQ
---

[1:53] Speaker 0: Right

[9:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, What's up, y'all, howdy, How's it going? Good part about that had a couple of things I was working on. I then I looked down and it was 403. I was like, Oh crap. Got it off on the call here. How you doing? David?

[16:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, David, how are you? I don't

[17:08] Speaker 0: know if you can hear us.

[18:05] Speaker 2: Looks like he's muted

[18:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: or he's asleep. I can't tell

[19:54] Speaker 0: you might be frozen. Actually,

[21:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe it's an AI avatar. Well, how are you, Robin?

[23:03] Speaker 2: Much better. Awesome. Yeah, I'm back in the circle again.

[25:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. What does that mean for you?

[26:06] Speaker 2: It means that I'm, like, actively building the business, and whereas I was actively building me for a while there, and that was the so it is okay. We are the product, right? So that's what I had to focus on.

[30:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yup, what was the biggest growth that you've had over the last couple months? And I'd love to do a have us do another one on one call here soon too.

[33:22] Speaker 2: Yeah, for sure. For sure. I think making peace with my husband's passing, it's one of those things that you know when you go to reach for words for it, everything you say sounds so pale and hallmarky, but it's very profound, and it's important to make peace with that so that I can offer my bandwidth to other people and always paying attention to what's what's helping me and how I can pass that on.

[41:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yep, Hey, I saw your text you had sent me the other day. I went to go reply, but it was like midnight, so I was trying to set up some boundaries there around that. But thanks for wishing us happy Thanksgiving. I was in Dallas with my wife at the Chiefs Cowboys game.

[46:10] Speaker 2: Ah, you know, I thought about y'all when I saw that was that face off was happening. I thought, I wonder if they might be doing some chiefs tribe time on that. So there you go.

[48:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, we went. We went to Dallas. We had my self driving Tesla take us the whole way, oh, my goodness. And then it self drove us all the way back home. Wow, which was great, because I was dozing off at the wheel pretty much the whole time. So the self driving car, it will, it will let you doze off a little bit, and then it'll alert you to wake up. But yeah, we got home safely. The latest version of the self driving software is really, really good. We didn't have to, we didn't have to intervene once to tell it what to do. It took us the whole way there. So, okay, which is just incredible, yeah, incredible experience. We set up the iPad right on, right on, on the screen, and we watched Jurassic Park on the way there. It's just a it's just a different way of like driving or operating a vehicle,

[65:15] Speaker 2: yeah, so sure, but for sure,

[66:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: where you're more, you're more of the passive passenger, but, well, I'm glad to hear that you were able to to do that. I know that it's it takes time, and it's a journey and all that, but

[70:05] Speaker 2: and a lot of hard work. I mean, it's definitely not a matter of, like sitting in a lotus position waiting for the time to count down. There's no lot of putting your shoulder to the wheel, but I have been and

[73:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: just good thing. You gotta face the toughest things. You gotta face your hurt. You gotta feel the hurt. Yeah, that's what it is.

[75:53] Speaker 2: It's big. It's big. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to one on one. I'll reach out and we'll get some time on the calendar. And I think for now, what I'm doing is, when I see gigs that, you know, projects that are in my wheelhouse, I'm applying. And I'm going to put it in Corp to Corp whenever possible, but I feel like even if I need to do w2 for a few months, the most important thing is go serve some people and make some money and just keep looking of ways to structure in a business way. I actually have had a great conversation last week with a local small business owner and told him, You know what I did on the large scale engineering with, you know, facilitating meetings and when you have a room full of chiefs, getting them all to consensus, when they're all used to being in the driver's seat and and agreeing on the spec so everybody's needs are baked into the plan and all that. And so he said, you know, those huge engineering companies, they hire someone like you full time, but these smaller boutique Engineering and Construction they would gladly pay you a daily fee to come in and do the workshops. And they can't afford something somebody like you full time, but they need that service just as much as the huge EPC engineering companies do, and it meant so much to me, like coming from another small business owner who's in the construction space. He's a he has,

[100:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, there's a lot. There's a lot going on with like data center construction too, right now, lot of opportunities in that area. Yeah.

[103:29] Speaker 2: So I'm just, you know, I'm just bidding out on stuff is, you know, applying, and we'll just, it's, it'll be good to kind of get back and got my office. Office repairs are all made, so that's good.

[106:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, yeah, did, did what I was sharing yesterday, kind of make sense as far as, oh, yeah, how you can use, like, how we use artificial intelligence to sort of just be your marketing team. And like,

[111:52] Speaker 2: made so much sense, because to me, sometimes I've been in the creative director role, where I'm giving leadership to an artist, or I might be writing the content, and they might be doing the art, like on a training module. And so I, instead of thinking of AI as like the sneaky competitor trying to take over my space to think of AI as, like the new intern or and just think of it as just, I'm giving the creative direction and letting it go, kind of bake something, and then I look at it, and the way you demoed that, like it just it really clicked for me, awesome.

[121:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that was kind of my goal with that was to help Well, you were one person. I had in mind specifically for that, because it's just there's I know as somebody who So, like I, my career has been very interesting, where I literally have been the person who did all of the marketing stuff. I made the graphics, I did all the video editing. I did all the copywriting emails, marketing from scratch.

[129:19] Speaker 2: Yes. I mean, I've been about to try to learn in Camtasia. I mean, like tracking

[130:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: with you well, with my mom's business, with my own business, and then what I see is with AI is like it lets me put myself into a CEO position. And then the AI is this intern. It's not as good as me, necessarily, but I can, like, I can have it. I always have it like, present me with 20 ideas, you know, because it can make 20 ideas in five seconds. So like, give me 100 give me 20 more ideas, right? I'll be like, Okay, that's not quite what I'm going for. Give me 20 more ideas, give me give me some concepts like, describe concepts for graphics, describe some scripts for videos, and things like that. Yeah. And so the idea is, is that it just, it gets you out of, oh, I have no ideas. I don't know what to do with my marketing. I don't know what to do today, because then, if your focus is, how do I get in front of because this is where this is like, when it comes down to your, your business, when it comes down to what, what all of us are doing in business, what makes the most amount of money? And I'll tell you this, I want to, I want to just take a look back at, hey David, buddy finally made it. You're frustrating.

[150:14] Speaker 3: Computer had to happen. Just when this meeting was starting to it happened. We haven't.

[152:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You haven't really missed anything. I'm kind of getting to the meat of what I was talking about yesterday. Again, I I had a great conversation with like everybody, where it was like, just how AI is like an intern that works for us and can do a lot of the work for us, rather than seeing it as just like, it's, it's, it's something that works for us. Anyways, the idea is putting ourselves in a CEO type role, where your goal and I want to, I just want to, like, pull up data from. Business and my mom's business here for both of you. Okay, great. I I can create content every day. I can create videos. My mom can create content and videos. And you know how many sales we end up getting from doing that? Almost none, until, like, like barely at all, until we add some kind of an offer that has a direct sales pitch in it. And so, like, I just launched, I hadn't done an offer since May, and I hadn't gotten anybody in my membership at all since May, and then I launched this, this I'll show you in my my Stripe account here, I launched this Instagram ads playbook, course. And so what I what I sold of this was, let me see here. Okay, so new customers. We got 53 new customers right here in the last month. And then under subscriptions, status subscriptions, I got like 20 new subscriptions in the last two weeks, of people who joined my program. And then what I'm seeing is, because it's a trial, about 50% of them are canceling. So that's what the number is basically working out to. But it's like that 50% so that's now 10 people who stayed with me. I spent $500 on ads for my initial test before Black Friday. 10 people. That's $2,000 a month, right there. So now I have 4x that on that, and then out of those people, I want to then upsell at least one of them into the VIP program. So the numbers are there from running an offer, just putting something out there with this Instagram ads playbook, and then with my mom's offer, same thing we did over 1000 sales of her menopause playbook this $10 mini course. So, like everything really is kind of based around getting up some kind of a $10 $5 mini course, and then finding people who buy that, and then using that to sell them on a paid program that is maybe 100 bucks a month, or $500

[204:55] Speaker 2: or $1,000 to get them in the ecosystem to start with.

[205:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and then the key is, because they're spending five to $10 it's qualifying them better in the algorithm to find more of those people. So when I'm running ads for that, it's finding more qualified people based on the fact that they're actually spending money with me.

[211:11] Speaker 2: How could the algorithm tell who's spending that's fascinating to me.

[212:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how the Facebook pixel works.

[213:12] Speaker 0: Because I have the pixel.

[214:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anytime somebody buys it, sends it back to meta and says they purchased.

[215:23] Speaker 2: Oh, okay, I didn't realize. I thought the pixel was et phone home to you. I didn't know it's phoning home to meta. Okay, got it.

[217:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're the second person this week that has told me they didn't understand that side of the pixel. So that's I should make a ton of content on that.

[220:12] Speaker 2: Captain obvious to you? No, it's fine.

[220:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I realize people didn't know that. So what it's doing is it's telling metas algorithm when we're running ads, these are people that are most likely to purchase and I'm even tracking if they just click the Add to Cart button, and so then I'm sending that data to the ads platform, and the ads platform is finding more people who press Add to Cart and purchase. Wow. And so that's why you're able to control who the ads get in front of when you have an offer that's converting like that. So since I know that one in every four people who pay me $5 try my program out, half of them stay. So that's one in every eight end up staying, which is way better numbers than I was getting with my free leads. It's very close to the numbers I was getting with my VIP upsell and my other program. And I realized this was just like an initial test, I can optimize those numbers much better on my next one. So with that, we need to have some kind of a paid off. Offer that you guys are putting out there. David, we've talked about your paid offer. Have we? Have we created that? Have we started building that out?

[243:16] Speaker 3: I just contacted somebody over the last couple of days to help me with build out the page. Okay, because I'm getting stuck at the layout and the presentation. I just need somebody that is really good at that stuff and just knock it out for me and I can fiddle with it later. Great. And I also joined, I'm in Maria Wentz ecosystem, and I joined her December 25 day to $10,000 sales challenge. Yeah, that started yesterday, so I'm going to be leaning on you instead of the group, because I feel like I got more professional support here as she takes us through the steps of what we're supposed to be doing so, and I'm going to use my offer in that regard, because I've got different angles, and I think I can pivot through for Christmas or New Year's or whatever, you know.

[255:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, okay, perfect. Awesome. So, Robin, I know we had talked about, are you still wanting to do the the same kind of coaching angle that we were talking about before?

[259:22] Speaker 2: You know, yes and no. So the last time we talked, I sent you an offer for the transform together group, and that's like a personal growth for people who are single again, totally using myself as the guinea pig for that, and just sharing what's working for me. We had our first local meeting. It went well. I was thinking that's something that might might scale up really well either using like meetup as a funnel, or just doing a regular internet as a funnel. But I thought that might be something that we could start local, but it seemed like a concept that might lend itself nicely to like a mighty network type, type thing. And so that's the the single again, growth mindset, applying a growth mindset to that,

[273:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you'll, you'll reach a lot more people online than even, okay, necessarily locally. You could have it be local. There's, there's nothing that says you can't build it with a like a local angle. And then the local stuff filters into the online stuff. If you want to do that, I know it's a little bit more work, but I like I one of my clients that I worked with and ran his ads for a while. He had a local school, but then they filtered everybody through online into their online school from the local where they would meet, and so that's exactly the type of thing that they did with that.

[284:40] Speaker 2: Okay, so there's that piece, and then I'm we gotta come up

[285:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: with some kind of, like an entry offer for those people that's like five to 10 bucks that you can sell.

[286:59] Speaker 2: Yes, then I'm pursuing the the tech comm gigs, and I want to, I want to build out a landing page on how to serve them, because that's the kind of stuff that pays well, and it's very easy, and it's a great segue into other comms work. But I remember what, what we talked about a while back, about things that that are feel very easy for you to provide services that feel really easy to provide that that's a great way to build wealth. So I'm looking at that, you know, more of the technical comms work, and then I still want to do some resilience work, but I'm, you know, for now, what I've been doing is, is building my sub stack, just talking about grief and personal growth and kind of building a presence there. And so those are kind of the three offerings right now. And I feel like, I feel like it's important for me to adopt a mindset of having a more open mind on how money can come in for me, like right now, I just want to quit spending life insurance and start making money. But it doesn't necessarily have to be paycheck, even though you like an employee, paycheck, even though I'm doing comms work, I'm just kind of trying to be open minded about there could be any number of ways that income comes in. So I'm just wanting to be open minded.

[309:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, again, if you have like a coaching program that you're working with people, that's a great way to bring in income is having a coaching program. And you could have like a you could even have like a high level program that's $10,000 a person, and then you get two people into that three people, this would that would be like a high ticket model, as far as that goes. So the idea is that you would market something out there that would be five to $10 get people in the door. And then you could sell them on that higher end offer that you have from inside there. We just want to figure out, what's that topic, right? What? What specifically so like if you take what you're doing, I want you to brainstorm this this week and send me some ideas in Voxer. Okay, brainstorm on some ideas this week. Send me some ideas in Voxer so that we can look over them and go over them together, and I can help you kind of tune some of the copy and things like that, kind of like what I did with Adele yesterday on the call. Yeah, that was great. We were able to do that. David, do you have some of your sales copy?

[331:32] Speaker 3: The sales copy I have is what we worked on last time. Okay, I've got that. And I did present it to the fellow that I looked at to help me with the set with the web page, the landing page, and he did tell me which one he thinks would work better out of the three versions I gave him. Okay, it was the one with the medium amount of content. I had a really super short one, and I had one that was kind of more, little bit longer, and then I had the original one. So, yeah,

[339:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you show me that again? Can you send that to me?

[340:22] Speaker 3: Yeah, hang on a second here. I'll get it actually, if I get into my Facebook Messenger, I should be able to pull it from where I send it to him yesterday.

[346:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Robin, are you able to get a lot of the marketing and funnels built, or do you need to hire somebody to do that?

[349:18] Speaker 2: That's a great question. I think I might need to kind of hybrid that, but I don't want to be stuck trying to figure all that out by myself. I'd rather have the momentum and start making some money. So let's, I mean, I'm willing to write some stuff. I love writing, but to just sit down and do that, I don't know. I think it might be good to bring in some resources.

[356:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it starts with, starts with, I um,

[358:17] Speaker 0: who are. It

[359:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: starts with a sales copy, okay? In a Google Doc, we can go over that together, and then it's creating the pages where people actually sign up and purchase it. Okay? And it's really, it's not like building a whole site or a whole brand, or anything like that. It's, it's creating something that's like a, like a mini site, like we're, we're creating an offer right now that's literally just a two page website. Okay, that that can help with that. So, alright, let me look at this. David, let me see

[370:22] Speaker 3: I'm going to work on an upsell I can put on here, like an order bump, or, well, an order bump and maybe a upsell, a higher ticket upsell that lets people have access to me in a more one one to group setting, maybe, so they have additional help to try to bump your average order value up a little bit.

[376:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let me see something. We're gonna go and I want to take this train of thought and

[394:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to see What we can come up with. Okay, that is some ways to even like kind of spice this up, improve it. Improve upon it. See, I.

[402:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sales playbook works because it's an anti offer. It appeals to the massive segment that's been burned by biz op offers. To build this, you need to stay in the lane of financial hacking, arbitrage, rather than business building, we're selling efficiency loopholes and systems,

[409:08] Speaker 0: many of the best.

[411:26] Speaker 0: I interesting.

[414:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this will be an offer on like for like their credit. Mm, hmm.

[417:56] Speaker 2: Is that something that you consult on? David, credit,

[419:13] Speaker 3: I am not consulting on credit at this time. I kind of had this little side gig going here that made me about $5,000 in one year doing almost nothing, and I'm trying to hack it into a, you know, a low ticket offer for people who, you know, I work in nine to five that need to buy braces, want to go on vacation, want to buy a new car, and they're just having trouble, just having trouble, you know, maybe finding the extra money for stuff like that, and this is just a something they can do without quitting a job, you know, and without asking for a raise, yeah. So it can lead into other things, you know. I mean, I might run across people who say, Okay, now that, now that none of now that this works. What other ideas do you have for me to make money, you know,

[432:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: one that that could be where it kind of goes into it could be based around helping them with budgeting. It could be helping them with certain credit things.

[435:07] Speaker 3: I am kind of, I'm kind of a numbers geek. Anyway. I love math and accounting and stuff, so I'm kind of into that. I mean, it's kind of a nerdy interest I have, I guess so it wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility of going into some other, you know, yeah,

[440:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: we start with this. We could include, like, a bill slasher blueprint, debt stack destroyer. And then the idea is this this cash flow confidence lab, is sort of where it would like lead to, right? It goes beyond just the payouts playbook, but it's like building this sort of full ecosystem around people's financial literacy and ideas for them. Now, the biggest thing is, is that you're that you're that you're going to want to become a product of your product, and show people how you're using this in your life to help you, how it's working for me, yeah, and how it's working for you, how it's working for other people that you've helped as well. And that's important too, like, for what you're doing, Robin, there's a lot of this we want to we want to share from experience of what we're doing, what we're helping others with, or what we're doing in our own lives, anything, anything inside of like a quote, unquote coaching business, like the real hook is like, this is what I do, this is what I've done. This is what I've helped other people do. Yes, agreed. So those three things, yes, if it's just like, hey, this is some information on this topic. It disconnected from the heart of what makes people connect with why they're going to buy from you.

[463:29] Speaker 2: So you need to create also feels really

[464:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: go ahead, that personal connection in there. Yes, it

[465:11] Speaker 2: feels really meaningful when you get to share what got you through. And it really translates, I think, that energy people can feel, into that

[467:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, David, for what you're doing, you could do a lot of the AI avatar stuff for your content and hooks and ideas and stuff like that. We could sort of create, like an alter ego of David Joel with AI try on different outfits, different styles, like I could see, like, like one version where you're like in a suit, like, like a pinstripe suit or something, yeah, and then, like, your AI avatar comes out and talks about, like, the payments playbook, right?

[478:38] Speaker 3: So, like, yeah, I've actually thought that that would be cool.

[479:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those would all be certain. I. Certain ideas. That's something that I want to look into. Even for me, I've seen a lot of people where they'll, they'll have themselves as video, but then they will actually filter it through an AI avatar for their videos, so that it's kind of like, it's, it's kind of like, okay, it's, it's, well, it's the promise of what everybody was thinking, like the the metaverse and VR was, but we're actually turning that into kind of all of our online interactions. Is we have these sort of avatars. We're behind this behind the camera. Did you watch the movie? Ready? Player one? I haven't,

[490:02] Speaker 3: but I remember that second, second life environment, yeah. VR already

[491:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: player one is like, you can be anybody in the virtual space that you want to be. And like, that's your avatar that you're that you're playing as in video games. That's what that's been. I think the internet is moving in that direction where we can, kind of like, show up as these avatars, and if the avatar is you and looks like you, but maybe it's a little more polished. I feel like people are forgiving of the fact that, like, oh, it's AI, it's not really you on camera type of a thing. I think that. I think sometimes people are not necessarily. It depends on, like, if you're doing, like, filmmaking or commercials and things like that. Like, I posted this video today where, like, I was like a woman, like, I would not make my brand be where I'm a woman unless I'm literally building a brand for that character. But I could use it where I would have like a, like a fake conversation with like me, and like an avatar that's a different person, where we're going back and forth in a conversation, but I might play both roles and then have the avatar be that separate,

[511:18] Speaker 2: like a customer persona, where you The Guru is right to the customer persona,

[512:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, so. But instead of it being like, me with like a wig on, like, we've seen that content on social media, right? Like, you got the wig and I got like lipstick on, but I still got my beard, and then it's like, like, we've seen that content, it works. People are used to that. You could use AI to sort of like, make that persona type person, right? And have these conversations like I want to, I want to play around with some of that type of, type of thing. I created a clip the other day that is in that lane where I really do want to try this out for a piece of content, because I've seen other people do it as well. Where it's a it's a fake podcast

[523:57] Speaker 0: with this

[524:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: AI avatar, but the avatar is asking me a question about my See,

[530:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: hope I didn't know it's right here, it's asking me a question about my Instagram ads.

[532:10] Speaker 4: Course, what's the best way to get clients with your Instagram ads, what's working right now

[534:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then? Like, I would cut to me answering that question in the content,

[536:29] Speaker 2: like she's interviewing you. Yeah, yep.

[537:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's like, it's this, what's the best way to get this avatar right here? I created a couple of them.

[539:22] Speaker 0: The best way to get clients with your Instagram ads, what's working right now?

[541:20] Speaker 2: I love that.

[542:15] Speaker 4: The best way to get clients with your Instagram ads, what's working right now

[544:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then? Like it like, it'll cut into, you know, what's working right now is we're using AI content, we're we're doing and, like, kind of cutting into that type of a thing. But like, using like, AI, like these bumpers at the beginning or at the end of an avatar asking me these questions.

[550:22] Speaker 2: I love it, and

[550:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: so like starting to play around with those, those those tools. David, I definitely like I want to have you started to play around with some of those different tools

[553:02] Speaker 3: I have not no, that's something I want to do this week. What's, what's your favorite tool right now to do stuff like that for video,

[556:10] Speaker 0: Sora. Sora, yeah,

[557:28] Speaker 3: yeah, we went through that last time.

[558:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's one in F, A, l.ai, called one, 2.2 which is replace character, where you base. Basically the workflow is, you use nano banana to, like, change you into another character, like, so that way, just like, so if I, if I'm like, right here, and I screenshot myself right here, that like this is, this is literally my, my workflow for this, I screenshotted my photo. I go to Gemini. I click this. I said, Okay, turn this person into a high end Terminator type looking robot. I

[571:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then that's where I can then use it's gonna, it's gonna create the image. And then I can use that image in one, 2.2 to take a video of myself and then replace it with this, whatever avatar that I create. Okay, do There you go,

[578:11] Speaker 3: and everything.

[578:37] Speaker 2: Yep, he'll live. Your offer is accepted.

[579:50] Speaker 0: That's great, you can that's the whole life of my dead

[580:40] Speaker 2: body. Your offer is accepted,

[581:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, or then I'll say, Turn me into an Instagram model in a hoodie. I like saying like in a hoodie, because I'm not trying to like, make like sexualized characters personally. So it's like, I'd rather it be like more than like the vibes and the personality, not necessarily, right? You know, because if you say, like, make an Instagram model, she's gonna be in like model. Oh, oh no, look. It made me an Instagram model. There you go. Made you into one. Turned me into a female Instagram model with a hoodie. That's interesting, though. Look it. It's an AI sort of cleaned up version of my face. It's not the same face. It's quite similar. Cleaned me up a little bit, changed my outfit, which is also very interesting. Mm,

[598:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, this is in nano banana, right? Oh, okay, I did not work.

[599:56] Speaker 3: Just put a wig. Just put a wig on you, though.

[600:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is using, this is not using nano banana.

[602:04] Speaker 2: Pro. There you are, the Pantene influencer with your long hair, yeah,

[605:09] Speaker 0: turn me in this image.

[607:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. See this does nano banana Pro? Maybe it's not turn me, but rather replace me with,

[611:00] Speaker 0: oh, there you be the the prompt i

[614:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, there you go, see, so now, yeah, there's me as a woman that's

[616:10] Speaker 3: that's pretty effective, actually.

[616:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But see, it's got the same backdrop and everything, and then you load that up into one and have that do that. So just, just some different, like things that you can do that I'm finding is very interesting for content creation, but like for our offers, sales copy, coming up with, what are you going to deliver? What do you want to teach for, like, an like an hour, so that you teach for an hour, and you give a you well, you really teach it just for 30 minutes, and you have like, a 20 minute sales pitch at the end of it. Everything breaks down in these, like, paid classes as like, Hey, we got a 20 minute intro. We have a 20 minute

[629:07] Speaker 2: Hey, you're on my screen, dude.

[629:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, that is your screen. Sorry about that.

[632:04] Speaker 0: Sorry about that. All right, thank you. So the

[634:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you going to teach in the beginning part is an introduction part to it. So you, you're going to intro, what is the outcome that you're delivering to people, okay? And then after you you intro that, you deliver something for like 20 minutes to people on the time. Topic that you're sharing with people, okay? And then you give a sales pitch at the end of it, and that's what you end up selling for five to $10 Does that make sense?

[644:44] Speaker 3: Does make sense to me, for sure,

[645:18] Speaker 0: does that make sense?

[645:33] Speaker 2: Robert, for me, I'm, I'm, I'm going to, like, make a list of the full offering and then kind of trim it down into tears on what would be out of all the things that are offered, what would I offer at a tier one situation, and what would I offer at a tier two and so forth. So, yeah, that's good.

[651:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, in a tier one situation, I look at like, what's a topic that you can specifically, specifically hone in on. So like in my business, I help people get clients and build a coaching business, get more sales, but I might make an offer that's out there on, how do I create AI content? How do I run ads with Instagram? So think of those as like two sort of parts of what I do, and then that's what I'm marketing out there as the hook to people. So what would be like one to two parts of what you do, Robin that you could then turn into that $5 $10 initial offer.

[664:50] Speaker 2: Nothing's coming to mind off the top of my head. I think that's something I need to kind of think, think that through, but that's a very good prompt.

[667:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, because then, because the specifically it's around when you're online, what people respond to on the internet is when there's a very specific outcome that they're looking for, and it's, and a lot of we don't want to be vague with it, yes, we don't want to be like, Oh, I help you with this big picture thing, right? When you're selling your program, we can do that, right. But the entry, the doorway to that, the front door where people come in, yeah, it needs a very specific address to it, yes, right? Think about, think about my house. I you can come in here. You can have a nice meal, a shower, you could jump in my swimming pool, right? These are all the great things you can do when you when you come in. But my front door is my address, 413, Thunder Bay, okay, and that specific place is how people find me, right, how they can come here and and so this that's where, like with our offers that we're putting out there, getting specific as far as what's one piece of a problem that they're having, that you help, what's one desired outcome that they have, and you're not necessarily Going to, by the way, this is key. You're not going to give them or deliver the full outcome in a $5 class, right? You're just inviting them to come in through the front door to get to know you, into your ecosystem, to to eventually get that outcome,

[698:45] Speaker 2: like a sample, like a small paid sample,

[699:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: but you don't market it as a small paid sample. That's the thing. We don't market it as it's the small sample, okay? You market it as the whole, the whole big thing. And that's where I think sometimes, when it comes to creating an offer, we can get really caught up. I say this, you gotta think about what is the ultimate like best case scenario goal that you can get somebody to okay, what is that problem and transformation and that ultimate best case scenario outcome that they're looking for. Okay? And in your front end, offer that you put out there, you're promising a path to reach that so, like when I put out there this, you Yes, Instagram ads playbook, when we put out there again, I'll show you these two offers right here, right cuz these ones are working really well. This is, this is my offer, and then my mom's offer, tested method turning tiny budgets into premium, paid clients without tech overwhelm you. Big audiences are burnout. This equals sales, money in the bank, not just leads. So specifically, like I'm going all the way to the finish line of the end outcome here, in the training itself, I break down, how do we create ads? How do we get started with the concept of ads? How do they work? How do you create your initial offer? But I'm not leading my hook with I'm going to show you like those things. I'm leading the hook with, what is that big outcome that we're going to get you to? Now, for somebody to actually get to that outcome, they're going to need to jump into my academy. They're going to need to come into here and get into my ecosystem, into my world, and join that same with with Sandy right here, the menopause optimization blueprint. Now this has a lot of great information for people. We're selling for $10 on optimizing hormones and all of that. It's a two hour masterclass. But to really go deep and to transform their life, they're going to have to jump in and join the Academy right here. So we think about those two things. What is that big outcome that we're going to promise in our offer, and then we end up leading people with what we're selling. That's what's going to deliver on that overall the people is what we're selling to them,

[745:28] Speaker 3: giving them the keys, yeah, through your offer.

[746:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because what ends up, what ends up happening I've seen, I've seen people do this. I've tried to do it myself. Is there's a couple of like mistakes that I see people make with their offer. Is there it's not a big enough outcome. It's not important enough for people to make the investment of even $5 to check it out. So you have to create something that's a big enough desire for people to want to check out that $5 offer. Now we know that it's impossible to share everything in 2030 minutes with people. So what you do is you get them started in that $5 offer. That's why I also attach a money back guarantee to my $5 offer. By the way, you want to know how many people ask for their money back of my $5 offer out of like the 70 that bought

[762:08] Speaker 3: it, zero, none.

[763:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not one person, yep. And so if you do this the right way, a lot of people do it the wrong way, and that's where they can kind of like, the wrong way is either that you're giving too much information or you're just scratching the surface. Both of those are kind of a mistake. If you just scratch the surface, people feel like, oh, wow, you sold me something for $5 you didn't even talk about the thing you sold me right? The other side is, oh, wow, you sold me something for $5 it has so much info. I don't need to join you on the next step, because I already got so much already I don't need to take the next step with you. So both of those can be detrimental, because neither of them will lead to sales. The part that leads to sales is where what you're selling for $5 is step one. How to get started. What are the first initial stages to get started working with you. So I always talk about building out your offer. That's stage one, building out your offer, working through with AI to build out your offer, even in here, even in my VIP program, building out your offer, that's where you start. So I teach the same thing, like that side of it, use AI to help you come up with the offer ideas. Start using chat GPT. Start using Gemini to come up with ideas for the sales copy and how to communicate it. And then from there, what you do is you're able to that builds trust with people, right? We're wanting to build trust so we don't want to leave a sour taste in people's mouths. That's why I like that. It's like, if it's priced at $5 the ones who are really qualified, they're going to want to go to the next step with you, and the ones who maybe are not as qualified, they'll say, Okay, thank you for the $5 information, and you'll never hear from them again. And that might be 75% of the people who purchase the $5 thing. That's okay. You. But that 25% that's the goal that you're wanting to then dive deeper with you, wanting to really figure out, okay, how do we serve these people better?

[803:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so that's what we got to build out. And I want to see. I want to see something from from each of you, if we can, in the next week or so on, this,

[807:44] Speaker 0: does that work? It does work, alright?

[808:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: It does Robin. Does that work for you? That works okay? Because that because then we can you, and I can then go back and forth and forth and optimize it and make it better.

[811:56] Speaker 2: Awesome. Okay, sorry, I'm I'm going back and forth muting myself so we don't hear the dogs barking. So I'm trying to make sure I'm unmuted when I go to talk. But sometimes I'm talking and I'm still muted.

[815:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't, I don't hear the dogs barking. I think zoom does a good job of filtering that out. Oh, good. Okay, I think zoom has a whole like audio AI thing built into it that filters out background noise. Okay, so, yeah, no worries on that. Alright. Before we wrap up, are there some additional, like specific things that you guys need for me right now or to look over, to go over that we want to talk about,

[822:44] Speaker 2: I think, more than anything, for me, is I just, I want to think outside the box. I've had this two linear things in my head previously, of there's tech comm and corporate Comm, and I'll do that in like an employee setting, and then there's coachy stuff that I do as a retail and I just have a feeling that there's other than those two silos, that there's more I need to widen my scope of What I'm just be more open minded, perfect.

[832:36] Speaker 0: All right, what about you?

[834:09] Speaker 3: David, yeah, what I want to do is take the initial offer that I have and create some kind of a value ladder that I can offer to people. Because I know in Maria's $10,000 sprint, it does need, we do need to have some something besides just one, one thing in the funnel. So I want to have the page up for the main offer, working with somebody that I'm, that I contacted through a Facebook post, and build into, into that a bump and or an up, so

[844:26] Speaker 3: okay, and your your earlier demo with the using the Gemini and chat GPT to build out a series of offers helps with what direction that could go down the road.

[849:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so let's, let's have you send some of that over to me, maybe by the end of this week or next week.

[852:01] Speaker 3: Yeah, I definitely want to get you involved this week, because I feel like I'm, like, on the cusp of having something up that I can start sending traffic to. Okay, great, awesome. Then I'll just then, once I have something running, I want to make, like a, maybe a duplicate, with a, maybe a slightly different angle, and start running some other, you know, do some split testing or whatever.

[858:08] Speaker 0: So, yeah, okay, sounds good. Hey, Robin,

[862:05] Speaker 3: she's still here. Well, her face is still there.

[864:48] Speaker 0: Maybe she stepped away. It's possible.

[866:21] Speaker 3: I'm up here in northern California, out in the sticks, an hour and a half from civilization. We're at north of a place called Junction City, California, which is outside of Weaverville, okay, so, which is west of, reading, about an hour and a half in the mountains?

[871:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I've never, I've never been to Junction City.

[872:56] Speaker 3: It's time. Junction City is basically a bump in the road. Weaverville would be the closest town. It's a couple of 3000 people, maybe either, yeah,

[875:38] Speaker 0: it's a cute little place. I

[876:13] Speaker 3: wouldn't actually mind living there, to be honest. It's kind of kind of fun and

[878:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: defensive writing goes out different vibe.

[878:59] Speaker 3: Yeah, I'll be here till probably. Be around Christmas time. Okay?

[880:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: My brother lived in Redding for like five years. Oh, really,

[881:47] Speaker 3: I lived there for about a year and a half back in 2012, to 20, yeah, maybe it was about a year, little over a year, maybe 13 months. Okay, somewhere in there, think I started a job in July of 2012 and I took a different job in Yuba City in August of 2013 I always

[888:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: forget the Sacramento River runs through there.

[889:44] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, because it's they have that sundial bridge. But that's pretty, pretty amazing architecture.

[891:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that thing is crazy,

[892:45] Speaker 3: a bridge. That's a sundial, yeah?

[893:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, we're going to log off here. All right, but let's stay connected. Robin, let me know, she's doing some stuff. So, okay, alrighty y'all, let's stay connected through boxer and reach out to me. Let's go over some stuff together.

[898:14] Speaker 0: Alright, alright, cool. Bye. Bye.

