VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-07-29T20:21:31.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: PAfYEP8f7SIptuPkkVg1pTRoNss
---

[16:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we Go. Hello today. Welcome on in to the VIP. Zoom call. How are you doing today? Hope you're having a great one. About five minutes ago, we just got notified that our whole neighborhood's Internet now is down. So I'm on a Wi Fi signal through my cell provider, so that usually comes back on in about an hour. Do you see is the signal working? You hear me? Though? Just fine. Yeah. It's great, perfect. There's not even any lags. That's good. No, yeah, it's funny. Where we live, if the power goes out, the cell tower is the same power grid as my house. Power goes out, my cell phone won't work. But if the internet goes out, my cell phone is a great signal for the computer. Is this

[32:09] Speaker 1: related to the power outage yesterday? Didn't you have a one yesterday? Oh, we

[33:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: just our neighborhood in the summertime, it seems to have like, at least one power outage a month, and access power grid is just,

[35:46] Speaker 1: yeah, I just got an email just now that our high, high usage for the rest of the afternoon so it

[38:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: could go out. Oh yeah, yeah, it is. Well, hey, I I'm excited to be on here. I know Wade, you posted a couple of ads in the group. Do you want to go over those together?

[42:28] Speaker 1: Sure. Yeah, and so. And then I just filmed one I haven't done. I mean, I'm great, like, literally, so I've got three options now. Oh, awesome, yeah. So the two that are on Facebook, are you going to? You want to pull those up? Or do you want me to

[48:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, let me pull them up here. We can take a look at those. How is how's the Kiko doing? How are you doing? Look like you're on your treadmill. And then, Karen, how you doing? Karen,

[52:09] Speaker 2: I'm good. I was, I was messing around with the Zoom background in Canva, Oh, perfect. That's purple. That's it. I'm good.

[54:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm we had a great we had a great training yesterday in the group. I wasn't sure if you had a chance to check that out. Karen,

[57:26] Speaker 2: not yet, but I I will. Good one, good.

[58:24] Speaker 1: Have you posted that to YouTube yet.

[59:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I won't go on YouTube from the group. It'll go in the memo.

[60:48] Speaker 1: That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, you, but the transcript will be in there. That's what I was wondering about,

[62:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually, yeah, yeah. The transcripts will be there. I Oh yeah. I saw you. Had asked a question. I didn't get to answer you. It said something like, for non business,

[66:04] Speaker 1: yeah, I don't remember what even the context was. Now, it was something you said early on. Was it

[67:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: related to where, like, I said, like, putting 20% of your effort

[69:12] Speaker 1: towards No, that makes sense, okay, yeah.

[70:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I thought about that too. I thought about once, like you hire people to help you that 80% of sales and marketing time now gets passed off to your team, right? And then you're actually,

[74:31] Speaker 3: oh no,

[75:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: then focusing touring, as far as that goes. So, yeah,

[76:50] Speaker 1: yeah, sorry, I might have to think about that few little

[77:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: hiccups here on the signal, just because, yeah, a solar flare could hit, and then the signal pauses, or whatever. Karen, do you? Do? You? Do you lose power where you live often?

[80:59] Speaker 2: Um, not, not really. I mean, after the floods, we did, but not, like, not this week. Oh,

[82:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yeah, we're good

[82:57] Speaker 2: this week.

[83:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. We our neighborhood loses, loses power like once a month. And then when we lived in Avery Ranch, they take us out for, like, every, every other week we lost power, every like, Oh, wow. I thought maybe it was all of, all of the Austin area. Are you in the Austin area?

[88:32] Speaker 2: I'm in, I'm in Bulverde, so I'm like, halfway

[89:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: between San Antonio and Austin. You're more San Marcus. New Braunfels,

[90:34] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah. New Braunfels. New bras, I would say, New Braunfels.

[91:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's where we bought our your car, SUV that we got, yeah, we went to Seguin and bought a Ford Expedition.

[93:58] Speaker 2: Oh, wow, you went all the way down.

[94:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah, well, yeah, it had, like, we, like, pinpointed every feature we wanted on a vehicle, yeah? Like, they had it right there. It was great, yeah, it was, it was good. It was, it was fun. But yeah, we drove all the way down there on a Saturday. I was like, we're packing up the wife and kids, and we're driving down to see if this is the one. And it was, and so, and it was, yeah, it was great. And then I did my negotiation with them. I love negotiating for cars. It's kind of like, like, I wish I could just like, do that all the time. But, oh yeah, sales and negotiation again, it's like, it's like, one of those things like, you start to, like, enjoy to do. I used to hate it, by the way. Like anything. Sales, negotiations, selling. I hated that stuff 10 years ago, and now I enjoy it because I know, as long as you keep your emotions cool, you can, like, pretty much ask for anything, if you're, like, buying something, and as long as you keep your emotions cool when you're selling, you can pretty much sell anything. And it's like, it's the confidence and belief that really kind of carries you over the finish line on that. So, I mean, they Yeah, so that's, that's where that's a, that's a, that's a skill that you learn. It's more about emotional control than anything else. When I'm making a webinar, when I'm making a even a YouTube video, the same thing kind of happens. I've just kind of like, decided, like, that's one of the most important parts in business, is just dealing with the head stuff. So anyways, let's take a look at your ads that you got here. Yep, I love the energy that you have on these ads. They're great, like, just like, so I always watch ads. I watch them in two sentences. I watch them like, muted, no audio. And I see like, because a lot of people, when they're scrolling, they have their phones on mute. And so this one does grab your attention. It's really, it's really, I'm not sure about the images over your face there, but yeah, that's

[132:07] Speaker 1: the one thing that I was like, I don't like that, but it was an AI edit. What was this edited, eight captions,

[134:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: the captions app, okay, yeah, they, they did a, really, I

[135:10] Speaker 1: can take it off, but I can't reposition it. Okay? This

[136:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, they've really, I think, improved a lot of even what they're doing in the captions app. This is great, yeah,

[137:49] Speaker 1: it's a, they added this AI edit in the last year, and it's changed

[139:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot, yeah, yeah, I see it's gotten, gotten better, awesome. Then you got this one right here. Yeah, so like from the muted, what's up? I

[143:25] Speaker 1: don't like this with no just black, but it does come back after about four seconds, I think, all right, let's see couples. I know that life can get really busy, and it's hard to make your marriage the priority that you know that it should be between taking care of kids and going to work and volunteering at church and maybe even caring for your Yeah, some kind of visual there would be good your spouse, even just having you talking would be good.

[150:21] Speaker 3: What if there was a super easy way for you two to connect

[151:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: again? This is great, though, like with the captions app, it's

[152:40] Speaker 3: a series of five short videos, and in each video, I show you a simple habit that you too can do together. It's quick and it's easy, and will help you feel more connected and more in love with each other each day.

[156:31] Speaker 2: So

[157:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: every time I see you on video

[157:39] Speaker 3: today, you don't need on time. You

[158:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: do so well on video. You're just a natural at it

[159:35] Speaker 3: less time than you spend. Rolling through your phone every day, you can actually feel closer to your spouse. You can experience more peace in your home, and you can it

[162:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: does work when you hear the audio. Are

[162:39] Speaker 3: you ready to try seven on this post? And I'll send you a link to the free video.

[163:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love these ads. These are great. Like, the energy is there, and again, the energy that you have is like 80% of it, because then the words that you say start to hit. So it feels good, it feels it feels calming, but confident. So you do, you do a great job of that again. Now what it is, it's like, let's get these up and let's generate some leads and see what happens from that. Yeah, as you've, you've done a great job of creating those,

[172:53] Speaker 1: yeah, I've got one more that I'll put up that you can look at it. I mean, it's the same thing, different setting, yeah?

[174:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's it. You just make, you, like, say, the same thing, a different setting,

[175:42] Speaker 1: yeah. And this one like to do, I waited till like 830 last night to do that one outside, dude. I know it's not Texas hot, but it's hot.

[178:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah? So I was like, I

[178:56] Speaker 1: don't know if I want to go outside to do an ad or not, yeah. And I don't that was like the last take, and I was sweating and mosquitoes were all over me, but I suffered through

[181:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the well, you did good, though, you picked a good, a good take. So you, so you, you have a good ability to to, like, maintain your composure through that. So that's good. That's really good.

[185:02] Speaker 1: You, I can see like, you've developed that as a skill too. Well, it helps to have done a lot of public speaking in the past, yeah, I mean, that's the huge sometimes

[187:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's funny though. Sometimes you like, on here, you put yourself down about your speaking on camera. And I'm like, you're great. You're really good.

[189:54] Speaker 1: Well, thank you. I appreciate it. It's really like, I know what I mean, what, what I had trouble with. So all that is scripted like, that's what the teleprompter, all of that, yeah? And, okay, sometimes I, I have this app where, instead of it just scrolling through, it's voice activated teleprompter. Yeah. What's the app called? That's cool. The app is called, does it help everybody prompt prompt smart Pro. And, okay, cool. If you deviate from the from the the script at all, it does get a little hiccup in it, but usually it will pick up. And if you're far enough away from the camera, you can't see my eyes go down the screen. Yeah. So it's not perfect, but it does, yeah. Okay, then so, yeah. So you have a little more trouble when it's like, non scripted, right? Type stuff. I gotcha. Okay, that makes like, for like, public speaking

[206:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what it is. Think of it like, Yeah, like that. I remember what's his name, Georgie and manoff, a friend of mine. He, he had such trouble, like, but he was great in front of, like, a crowd of people. But I just, I told him, just imagine, like, your favorite people that you love to speak to in your public speaking, that they're that they're behind the camera. Mm, yeah. Like, think about that. And like, just imagine that you're talking to those people. And I, even I've done this where I will pull up photos of my clients in our group and have them like, on my screen. Oh, there you go. Those guys, yeah, Brendan Burchard and Ed mylett. There you

[219:44] Speaker 1: go. Yeah, those are my guys. That's what goes up right there. Like, these are the guys that I want to be, right?

[221:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you want to be like them. Well, I like,

[222:33] Speaker 1: well, I love Brendan. I mean, I love both these guys, but great, yeah, they're both really good. They have different styles, that's for sure.

[224:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, they're very different. Like, like, Yeah, bring the two of them together. Um, I would, I would say, um, yeah, they're great. They're great mentors. I love their content. I watch, I probably listen to more of Ed's content. He's more my vibe. Um, and I've read Brendan's. I've read his book. Really enjoyed his book that he wrote the high performance habits. Yeah, that one, yeah, that's a great one. Yeah. I read that one a couple of times and but no, what I imagine, though, is I imagine my clients that I'm working with, or people that are like that have paid me like to work with me, and what I what I did was I made a collage of like, their faces, and I would have it on my computer screen when I was recording a video now, like with the Facebook. Group, I can pull up the members of like my Facebook group and just see the faces of people. And what it is is I just imagine that I'm talking in a room with those people sitting right there, yeah, and it's always going to be people that like, they love what I have to share. So like I feel like in this group and the wealthy coach Academy, like I don't have anybody who's like, Well, I hate what you say, Jeremiah, you know. But like, right? If I do, if I do a public webinar out there, I will tell you, like, I have, like, 20% of the room is very hyper critical and mean and doesn't like what I'm saying. And so what I was doing, what I would do is I would get in my head a little bit that's just my own issue. And so I would just imagine, I would put in front of me the people that I know like love what I have to share. And then I would just imagine that that everybody I'm talking to in my videos, in my webinars, in my content, they just absolutely love what I have to share. They have no judgment. They have no they're not going to be disappointed if I, like, say anything wrong or mess up. They're not somebody who is, like, trying to find like, a problem or a mistake in what I have to share. And so what that does is that helps me kind of get into the mindset of so you'd be you'd be surprised. Wade again, I talk about like myself, like 10 years ago, 2015 I could not record video without having everything scripted out. I couldn't talk publicly with confidence. And I've just developed that by a, doing it more often, forcing myself to but then B, just these little habits of like imagining that like the people that really love and accept me are who's listening to me at all times. That's been a big one and that like, and they're not being critical of anything I have to share. So like, there's like, so like, that removes all the pressure of like, I gotta get it right. Well, then I think with that, if I remove that pressure, I usually get it more right most of the time.

[276:28] Speaker 1: Yeah, I think I've mentioned in this group or privately with you, that preaching and feeling like you have to get it all right all the time, and that you have 20% of the room that's going to be critical of you no matter what you say, and it's a different 20% every week, yeah, because you get on their little thing. I but I have gotten better. There was a time when I only went into the pulpit with an outline and then I went to a full script, and that's where I ended. But I I'm getting to where, like, Okay, so for instance, if you How was

[286:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: it when you started? Though, like, before you were kind of jaded to that

[287:55] Speaker 1: I started with an outline, honestly, the first time I was great, yeah, I did it with no notes, and in I was like, I'll never do that again. That was like, nerve wracking, but it turned out really good, actually. You know, not bad for a 16 year old, but yeah, so I don't, I have, I'm trying to get this whole thing launched by Thursday, because we're going out of town, and I don't want to dominate the whole time today for Karen and Akiko, but I do want to just ask a few things about my funnel and how I have it set up, and just get your feedback, and then we can, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. What about you? Karen,

[300:32] Speaker 2: yeah. Go ahead. I don't have a Yeah. I don't have a lot new, like landing page wise, and I will say with videos, I just, I just, like, I pick my topics and I just record, but I have to be in the mood, and I haven't been in the mood probably, in a week, but, like, I just, I just have to be in the mood. If I'm the mood, I can knock out, like, you know, I mean, most of them are shorter, but, and I'm not in the mood today. I mean, that doesn't mean I might not be in the mood tonight, you know, at 830

[307:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: but, and that's, that's something too, is figuring out what every time you're in the like, the mood to record a video. What do those situations have in common? And then could you recreate those situations on demand? Right?

[312:10] Speaker 2: Like I probably am rested and I probably did something fun.

[313:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: There you go. And so if you can, if you can get more rest and do more fun things on a more regular basis, you'll get more content recorded, you know? And

[316:22] Speaker 2: I was, yeah, I went, I went swimming last night at eight. You know, you're talking about it being hot. I could have come home and recorded videos, because I ended up staying up till 10, yeah, and I, and it was, I just felt good,

[319:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I would always. Is like, I would, I don't get to a chance to as much anymore, like right now, having the two kids, but whenever I would write sales copy as I would play video games, because it would just literally get me into that perfect headspace for that. And I still will, like, I'll, I'll pop open something and play Mario Kart or something for 30 minutes, and then I'll write sales copy, and it's like 10 times better, you know, than if I didn't do that. It's just it just literally, like wires my brain for the best sales copy. And so we all have those little things that can kind of create the mental environment for us to to show up at that best level, and identifying what those are intentionally like you're you're kind of intentionally trying to create the mental wiring and the and the experience that gets you into that great state of mind where you can flow and you can record and do that. That's that's something that I really encourage doing. So what about you? Akiko,

[340:12] Speaker 4: yeah, I have a trouble. Yeah, I have a trouble with video shooting, especially the B roll is a saving grace when the with a text all over. That's because I got accent some people have a hard time understanding, and I tend to talk too fast when I'm kind of trying to say what I'm in my head and and ended up repeating. So I edit a lot, but the bureau is nice, but to be in a little bit of more authority figure, I need to speak to the camera, and that

[353:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're when you're speaking like you are right now, I think you're doing a great job with it. I think your accent isn't something that would I think if we if we notice it, and think it's going to be a big deal for people, then that kind of, kind of comes across. But like, the right people are not going to it's not going to bother them at all. There's, there's, there's a ton of people that are like, super, carry authority, and they have an accent, and they speak in English, and they, they own it. They like, they own that fact about themselves, right? With like, you know, this is this is me. And so that's one thing I could kind of encourage you in and,

[364:16] Speaker 4: right, yeah, so, so I tried to write, like a bullet points that I want to talk in a concise way, in a short and sweet kind of way. Then I start kind of think in my head, instead speaking from the head, instead of speaking from heart. That's the problem with me on talking to camera, yeah, yeah. So do you have any good right for that? How can I speak from heart? You, know, still have a, you know, some something, something to say in your head, but you stand up, you know, well, try to cover these bullet points and talking and so. And I ended up, like a 20 takes, you know, yeah, yeah, getting it too critical about what, well, how I say it

[379:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, a big part of it is is like, we get to where it's not like you trying to perform, or you trying to show up in a way that, like, I have to be at this level. And then another part of it is is like taking some time when you notice you're getting in your head, you take a step back and you just call you just like, calm down. You breathe in a little bit. You take some deep breaths. Because really what it is is it's, it's you get caught up in your head. But what it really is is your your brain and body are going into a, like, a fight or flight type state, and it's trying to keep you safe. That's why it goes to your head, because it's trying to keep you in safety, because it feels unsafe, like subconsciously. So you gotta, like, remind yourself whenever you go in your head, you pause and you remind yourself, okay, I'm safe. It's okay. I don't need to be perfect. And then what that does is it'll it'll allow you and then realize that, like it's also it's okay for it not to be perfect. It's okay for things to be messy, um, it's normal to feel self conscious. It's normal to get caught up in your head. That's normal for everybody who is speaking or teaching or I. Sharing content, the techniques and I'll tell you every like great speaker that you see like I'm sure you do, there's influencers that you love to watch their videos and content, listen to them. Every great, great speaker and teacher has struggled with exactly what you are, and then the coaching and the training they've learned is like you figure out, like, what does my body need? What does my mind need to feel at peace, at calm, to feel safe in this moment? And then what ends up happening is, okay, you press record, and it's kind of like, like, Are you, are you familiar with like, like, like, if you're doing a meditation or something, what happens? It's just like, so you start recording, and it's almost like you're in a minute, like you're meditating, and now your brain starts taking over, without even trying, the thoughts and the and the the logic and all that starts coming into your brain. And so it's like what I learned about like just breathing and like letting the thoughts kind of pass by me as I'll let them when I'm talking, I'll let those thoughts pass by. I don't need to grab onto the thought. I don't need to grab onto it. I can let it pass by because what happens is it's the same, almost like a meditative flow state when you're talking, when you're speaking the brain, like if you look at the way the brain wires and fires and all that, it's the same type of a thing is going on. And so that's where, what I look for is, is, is speaking from the heart is where I'm not getting caught up in my head or trying to say the right thing. I'm going based on what I'm feeling. I have like, an outline of what I want to share. I'm pulling from experience and things like that. But when I'm talking, I'm I'm going based on what feels right in that moment, what feels good to say, what feels like the right thing to do? Like, for instance, as well. Like, while I'm talking with you right now, I immediately had a thought and a feeling of, I should pull up chat GPT and just ask it. I have a coaching client who feels self conscious because she has an accent she's trying to get out of her head and into her heart while she's speaking. So like, in that, like, I immediately, like, went and I was able to type it in, and it gave me, like, a few things that just to remind me of what I already know, but then I'm able to then share with you in in the moment and stuff like that. And so those are just, like some tools that I'll use. It's just creating a a flow where I feel most comfortable so like, what is what is that for you? And then also reminding yourself, what are moments in your life where you feel really comfortable talking with people and you can just talk for hours and hours and hours, whether it be like with a friend, or any situation where you just feel really comfortable and you're not in that, like thinking so hard state of mind, and you're connected in that way, then what I try to do is I actually I, I anchor myself in that experience. So I'm going to, I'm going to remember that experience where I felt the most confident, and I'm going to anchor myself physically, emotionally, mentally in that experience to where I actually like I will start, before I go record or something, I will start imagining what that experience felt like. And then what ends up happening is, do

[460:46] Speaker 4: you still have a notes though, to what you're gonna cover in the video?

[461:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not anymore. Oh, I don't anymore. So what I have is, I have, I want to, I want to land on this, and I'll talk about notes in just a sec experience. This is the experience that you want to anchor it in, that's that's positive, and then this is the like the public speaking right here, where you get caught up in your head. What I try to do is I, I end up imagining that I'm in this positive experience over here, and they start sort of merging into the same experience, to where what ends up happening is, is over time, I'm wiring my brain that the public speaking feels just as positive as that positive experience that I'm thinking about.

[473:25] Speaker 4: Yeah, terrible public speaking. I used to being a member of a Toastmasters I did, yeah,

[475:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. But you can get, you can get comfortable with it when we work on these different, different aspects of what's, what's going on internally, what's, you know, what are, what are those things? The other thing too, is, is like not feeling distracted by other stuff that's going. On in our life and stuff like that. As far as having notes goes, I will either write it out on a notepad, or I'll just have it on my computer if I have notes, and I will be fully transparent with people like, Hey, I got some notes here. I'm reading them. So if you see me looking over here, so I'll say that. So then the like self consciousness. So they're going to see me looking at my notes. Goes away because I've already said that I'm going to be looking at notes. I've already made it obvious that I'm going to so now, like, I'm not feeling like I gotta hide this or anything like that. So that's also really helpful.

[489:52] Speaker 4: And yeah, that's, yeah, sorry, that's one thing I'm worried about having a teleconfer. Um, I end up reading it like word to word. That's why I'm kind of, maybe just points would be adjust.

[494:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why I like bullet points too, yeah, because I try not to read word for word, like what is on the

[496:15] Speaker 4: screen, pointing the face and trying to read, yeah, I try to,

[497:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, even if I'm using chat GBT while I'm talking, or anything. Like, sometimes when I'm coaching, I have to, like, I'm like, Okay, I It's on the tip of my tongue. Like, how to share with somebody, like, what I want to share, but like, I need the AI to help remind me of it. And I'm not going to just read what the AI says I'm going to, like use it to to trigger my own brain as to what I want to share with somebody. I use it as like a thought trigger in that sense, so, like your bullet points, can help trigger you in what's the right direction to go to help keep you on track. It's more like guardrails, right? Not like a train track that you gotta stay on rigidly. It's more like, you know, don't deviate too far in this direction or this direction type of thing.

[509:10] Speaker 4: So thank you. Yeah, one, one question for coaching client. Well, once it's, you know, charging substantial amount, you definitely want to have a contract, right, you know, just like I signed with it. So do you do you have a good, like, a template or kind of contract I can find from, like, then I can just kind of tweak with my own service. I do

[518:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: know. I do know chat GPT could probably help you with that. Oh, not officially, like a, like a legal contract, Mm, hmm, but it can help you get pretty close to something like that, right? And then you can adjust it. So, yeah, chat GPT is actually really good at that type of thing. Okay? I love reading things like that. Like, just describe what you want in it. What's right. I've always written up my own contracts for some, some reason I've like, I just, it's very easy for me to do that. So I just, I always write them up myself. But I think I, I think I Googled a template too, like a coaching template, okay? And then I modified it so you can look up online and you can find template contracts or,

[530:30] Speaker 4: again, English is my second language, so I don't really know the legal term of words, you know, yeah,

[532:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: then having an attorney that can help you as well with that, just to look over it right would be, would be

[534:29] Speaker 4: helpful as well. Okay, great. Thank you.

[535:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Alright. Wade, you want to go over this stuff. Let's go over it, yeah. Where are we at? So

[538:46] Speaker 1: and I on the last point that Akiko was talking about, I bought mine from a lawyer, and it was, it was like 250 bucks or something like that, fully, fully modifiable, all of that stuff. And Kiko, if you're interested, I can send you the website. I'll have to search for it, but they, it's a legal firm that they specialize in coaching contracts or agreements, and I think they're out of Virginia or something like that. But it, you know, it's a 250 bucks is a small investment for what you end up getting. And I also bought, I bought mine from them for individual coaching and group coaching and so, I mean, it's probably best practice to get a lawyer within your jurisdiction to look at it at least. But I felt a lot better doing that than with chat GPT, although I think it would do just as good, but I'll look it

[554:32] Speaker 4: up. Oh, great, thank

[555:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, yeah. I, it's funny for chat, GBT, I, I've used it so much for different like legal things, like filing and paperwork. And it'll, like, it'll write up, like, the stuff that, like, the state needs. Yeah. Because like to file different stuff. When I moved from Arizona to Texas, I was able to use chat GPT to help me. I hadn't actually moved my company to Texas until like 2023 and so I finally just asked chat GPT. I was like, Okay, write me all the documents I need to send to the state. And it did, and they accepted them so and I read through them and all that, but it had all the, like, all the stuff they needed in there. So, yeah, yeah, it's whatever you kind of feel comfortable with that. I think, yeah, definitely. The official recommendation would be have a lawyer hire them to do that,

[570:00] Speaker 4: for sure,

[570:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: though I know it's interesting. I know a lot of law firms are using chat, GPT now, Wade to create their first draft, and then the lawyer will, like, finish up the final like, 10% and that's become more commonplace. Yeah, there's a lot of lawyers are like, yeah, no, it's like, it's better than my my paralegal, you know, and so and faster

[577:52] Speaker 3: and cheaper.

[578:12] Speaker 4: Yeah, I need to get used, used to use more chat GPT over googling. So,

[579:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, chat GPT is great at helping you come up with ideas, answering questions you have anytime like, I have, even throughout the day. Oh, cool, awesome. Thanks, Wade. Anytime I like, I have like, thoughts or things throughout the day that I'm like, I can't necessarily come up with like the perfect. Oh, this is cool. Great. They have this like bundle here and all this. This is awesome. Very cool. Yeah, this is a great looks like a good company. That's a great resource. I will probably see. I don't think it's funny. Do they have an affiliate offer? They do have an affiliate offer. I have people all the time that ask me this type of stuff, so I might just become an affiliate of theirs.

[593:16] Speaker 1: Oh, wow, big time. Amy Porterfield is,

[594:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, yep, yeah. So they, they look, they look legit, for sure. That looks like a good company if you want to, like, if you want it done, definitely, like, right, yeah, for sure. Go with that. I didn't even know this resource like this is out there. This is great, very cool. Um, what was I saying? I forget. Well, we were looking at your your funnel and stuff like that,

[602:22] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah, that's what I Yeah. If we can take a second, okay, so Alright, so let me just kind of talk through it and then show you what resources I have to take each step. So I've got the ad creatives. I'll create, the the use. I'll have to go back through your training on that, and I'm trying to think it's been a couple of years since I ran an Instagram ad, but I can do that through the business suite, and it'll show up Instagram and Facebook, and it'll just do its thing, right? Okay, yeah, it's been a while since I've messed with a pixel. I may not I probably should go ahead and start with that, but I want to get it out before I, you know, I can add that later. If I

[614:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: need to go high level, should have a feature where it just adds the pixel for you with a simple

[616:12] Speaker 1: it may be already in there, from the from, because I'm a sub account for my Google Ads coach that that I'm doing. So alright, so I'll have that, and then it will go to let me see, see if I can share. Alright, so then it will come to this work, this automation, where I'm gonna say to the to the anyone that responds, put the trigger of adding seven

[627:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: for those types of ads. I still run them as a conversion goal ad, okay? Because with a link to my landing page, because they can either comment or they can click the ad to go to my landing page. So what I'm doing is I'm giving them multi options to access my landing page. Okay, so I'll run it as a lead conversion while still having that in there with the automation, and then I will go through the comments or some people who just click the landing page.

[634:59] Speaker 1: Okay, so I'm trying to think of in my copy for the ad itself, I can just add the landing page direct link into that.

[638:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, though, in the copy, you can in the copy, I would put the comment the word seven to get it. Yeah, okay, yeah. And do they let you set up Facebook automations too?

[641:44] Speaker 1: Yes, okay, so that is the exact same thing,

[642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, okay, great. So then from there, you'll definitely want to test that out, right? But then when you run the ad, you can run it as a conversion goal to generate a lead on your page, on your landing page.

[646:38] Speaker 1: Okay, okay, so here's the, well, I'll show you the landing page in a second. So here, here's what happens when they said so from the when they type seven, they'll get a link. They go to the form, they fill out the form, and here's where they land, all right, so the form is submitted, and then I tagged them seven minute, they get an email. And this is where I have an email sequence for each day. So they're in at this point. I didn't need to add the automation to actually get them into the group. I just realized that that's something that's not there. Okay. So anyway, so I've got your

[658:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: subject line on okay, go to day two. Show me day two. I

[662:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool, yeah, those are, those are good, the subject lines. I always look at the subject line because a subject line is like a headline to open up an email, right? And so it's the first point of contact.

[665:41] Speaker 1: This is, I will say, I feel like chat GPT wrote some really good emails, and this is really straight out of that. Now, what I did decide to do was, you know, I think we talked a few weeks ago about I set it up as a drip campaign originally, and that's the way I have it described in the videos, but I decided just to release it all at one time. And so there's a little bit of a disconnect there, if this will ever come up. But I think people will be fine with that, because I started thinking, like, if I was a consumer of this, would I want to wait five days to get all the information? Yeah, I can watch it in an hour. I'm not sure what's going on. Yeah, they get it all up front. That's that's the best way to do it, for sure. Yeah. And then what do you think? You just remind them of what each day is as it goes, right? And so the that the email sequence is a five day sequence every morning at like, seven o'clock or something like that. And so they're all published. So what's next is the gonna be the webinar that I'm filming tomorrow, barring something unforeseen,

[691:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would put in between day one and welcome, I put like special invitation and mention your coaching program,

[693:38] Speaker 1: right? So what I did, okay? So we mentioned that before, so what I did was added it as a pre whatever on this video. So day one, they watched. Day one, I added like two minutes or something, maybe more than, maybe more than, yeah, about two minutes. Yeah, that works. So there's no way for him to avoid it.

[700:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is there a link somewhere?

[701:19] Speaker 1: Um, to to what I don't think there is program,

[703:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. So, because you mentioned what,

[704:44] Speaker 1: I should go ahead and do it here. Yeah, I can do that. Yeah, I can

[705:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: add that as well. Yeah, like special invitation

[707:11] Speaker 1: for a link to the landing page here. Okay, yep, I can do that easy. And then it's, it's also the link is in the, I think it's in each email if they want to go ahead and, okay, great, sign up part, yeah, so that's it. I mean, the big hole that I see right now is that I do not have an automation to get them into the

[715:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook. Group. To

[715:45] Speaker 1: the, well, yeah, to this group right here, or you're not seeing it anymore, but to the group itself, yeah, yeah, yeah, because I'm running the running the thing off of, uh, in go high level. So they don't, they don't actually have a way of getting into the group after they sign up. Actually, they. Do, let me, let me just look real quick, I think in the funnel, where are you?

[723:01] Speaker 1: So anyway, the basic, basically, what I have set up so far is good. It's just a matter of getting all the dots to connect. Yeah, is that so far, based on what you're seeing, okay,

[725:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: so now what we're looking at is like, you come to a point where it's like, we gotta get this out there, yeah, get it launched, and then see what kind of leads and results come in from this. And then one of the things that I like to do, especially when it's like, your first, first couple of campaigns, is you um, is, I will pay attention to, like, who is opening the emails, who's reading the emails, and like, who gets through like, at least the first like, three to four days, Yeah, and after this the email automation sequence, you can try to reach out to them through social media. You can try to reach out to them through write a write a write a personal email to them to connect with that person who's really engaged. Um, and then that goes a long way to two things you connecting with. What are their what are their goals? What are their desires, helping you close the sale. But really, I go into the place of curiosity. What do they want the most, and and how can I structure tweak, adjust my copy, my emails. My is, here's the thing too. Is like everything that you put into this should? You're not trying to trigger people's thinking brain, you're trying to trigger their emotions, right? You're trying to get them to feel something that then creates meaning for them, and that meaning is usually something that they've invented themselves, that you're then triggering. And so that goes beyond just information, but it goes into like, what really motivates people to take action, and that's what gets people to buy from you. And so you figure out what that is a you have all the data from all your one on one clients. So Right? So to begin you're going to go based on what motivates them, what drives them. Because I bet most of the same people that you're going to reach with this offer are almost very similar to those people. Mm, hmm. But then you figure out, by having conversations and talking to people, what else there is, and you can be more direct where, like, you reach out and, like, my first reach out would kind of like, you know, see where I would say, like, you know, how are things going? You wanted to connect. But then I would also give them another direct invitation, like, you know, I'd love to see you in my XYZ program. Does this look like? And then you be really direct with this. You give them a question like, does this look like something that in the business world? You say would solve a problem for you? How would you say that for your offer? How would you say, would this solve a problem for it? Would this help you? Do you think this would help you in your marriage, if you were in a community, like this simple thing or or so there's another way, like that. You would probably word it in your language, right, right, yeah, but you're getting them to kind of tell you, Yes, this would solve a problem. And then you're like, okay, great, let's get you started. And that's, let's, let's get things going for you. Do you have any questions before, before we get started in there and you're kind of like, once they're like, Yes, I think it was all that problem. You're like, you're, you're, they're already closed in their mind. Now you just have to move them to the point where they're going to give you their credit card right at that point. And so having so reaching out to people can help do that. Anybody who does uses the DM the word seven. I also will want to as soon as they leave that word, I might send them a quick little like voice memo or something like that, or a video where I connect with them through that as well. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so then what that does is that gives you a lot of data. It helps you figure out who these people are, what's driving them, what's motivating them, and then what is going to lead to, ultimately, the sale, becoming your client. Mm. Uh, in there,

[800:52] Speaker 1: yeah, I like that. I like the it's very interesting, like the personal touch of it, and then the with these Facebook, the way they have it set up now, you can get very, very specific and make it feel very personal for people based on automation, just totally automated. I've been reading, watching stuff on that, but I like all of that. I mean, I I, yeah, I, I'm very interested to see what kind of interest will be generated. So one question that I have, would it, would it be worth my while to do like an AB test with these different creatives at this point, or just throw one out there and see what happens.

[816:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because, no, you want to put them all in the same No, you want to put all your creatives in the same ad set and run them together. Okay, I never launched an ad campaign with just one ad. Okay. I'm always going to launch it with, like, oftentimes I launched an ad campaign with like, 45 different ads,

[820:56] Speaker 1: really good, Googly, moogly. That's a lot of ads. Well, it's,

[822:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's three videos, maybe two graphics. I'll have chat GBT, like, generate me some graphics, and then I'll have like, three or four versions of ad copy, yeah. And so those different versions of ad copy, if I have four versions of ad copy, each ad is essentially still four ads, right, right? Of those, it might be. It'll branch out into that, and then what it'll end up happening is, is I'll usually have like, three that are doing really well, yeah, you mean most of the leads, and then I'll turn off all the rest right, running, yeah, okay, and it's never like the ones that I thought were gonna do really well too, right?

[835:20] Speaker 1: The ones that I've heard a lot of Facebook advertisers say that they never get it right. They when they guess Yeah, beforehand, they're always wrong. One of my, one

[837:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: of my best ads, I should try this one again. It was me, like, halfway drowning in my swimming pool, and I came up for air, and then like, started talking about the ad, and like, that one converted really

[841:03] Speaker 1: well, yeah, yeah, I can imagine. I don't know, I was

[842:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, swimming, and then like, went down and like, like, okay, that's funny. Or if I'm like, playing, if I'm playing with my kids, or I have I'm like, holding them, those convert well. Or if I'm just outside walking, yes, I've always done really well.

[847:52] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. The best video I've gotten any views on was me walking kind of into the frame. I have a little gimbal that will follow you with your phone. So I started off to the side and walked in and sat down and that I'm, I mean, it was only like 1300 views, but for me, that's viral. For me, you know, I got a lot of traction off of that. I mean, just from as far as followers, organic followers go. So, I mean, I'm not, I don't have many followers on anything yet, but, but that, I did notice that that little bit of movement triggered something for people. Yeah, okay, so that's helpful. So I got all the pieces together. I got all the pieces. It's just a matter of weaving it together and then getting it launched. Yeah? Because tomorrow I'm gonna, I'm gonna film that last video, the webinar tomorrow, I can actually go ahead and get the creatives into the business suite and get that all set and ready to go, because we leave Thursday night and we'll be hiking on Friday. So if I could get it, if I could get it all launched Thursday, yeah, even if I can't, then I can get it done Saturday, which that's still the second. And my first deadline for a discount to for the program is the 13th, so that would still be 11 days. So okay, budget wise, what do you think would be wise at this point? I mean, I've seen stuff all over the place

[877:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: for this offer, I would test like 50 bucks a day.

[878:19] Speaker 1: Okay, okay,

[879:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I would do 50 bucks a day. Starting out, yeah. Yeah, okay. And I'll usually do two ad sets. One is retargeting, and then one of them is like, cold traffic. So once you get enough leads on it, I'll try to retarget all those leads as well all the people that are clicking on it. Of course, you don't have a lot of people that are going to your website. You could retarget anybody who came through your ads, if you have the pixel data for them. But a lot of this is like, going to wait on you having pixel data as well. So right,

[887:27] Speaker 1: yeah, so maybe, maybe not the retargeting ad yet, because I don't have the pixel data. Just go with one. Yeah, yeah. Just do that. Okay, maybe for the second offer in September, I can, yeah, I'll have enough pixel data to do retargeting, yeah, and more look alike audience.

[893:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm eager to see kind of what, what comes from this. But you, you definitely have done a great job building up the the funnel and the offer and all that. The the biggest thing now for you is what you can do is, then we can start thinking about, like, what's your next offer that you're going to make?

[899:31] Speaker 1: Right, right? What is that? Yeah, and I've been thinking about it, especially since the yesterday. Because it was a lot of what you said, I'd kind of been percolating in the back of my mind, because everything that we do is in service to a sale and and I know that I can all of us, and you mentioned you can, too get bogged down in the minutia, and then it's not leading directly to

[907:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it's like some like, subconsciously, I get myself out of the the sales mindset. Like, whenever I'm I'm selling, I'm not thinking about the sale. Whenever I'm recording, I'm not thinking about I need to get a sale, right that? But when I'm strategizing, it's 100% leading towards the sale. So from like, the strategic perspective, every single action is leading towards a sale, right? I don't go into the space of I'm trying to bring transformation until somebody's in my coaching program.

[916:00] Speaker 1: Yeah, right, right.

[916:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: But then, when it comes to, like, what I'm delivering, I'm definitely not thinking about, I need to get a sale. I'm thinking about, how can I, you know, deliver the best value? How can I help this person? How can I create that connection with somebody? Really creating that connection is a big part of it. So it's like, I again, I think of it like the, like, the best car sales people, like, of course, they're, they're there to make a sale, right? Like, yeah, but like, the best car salesperson isn't going to feel like they're trying to sell you something, but their only purpose they're even there is to make a sale, right? And so it's like, that's kind of like that's kind of like what it is. It's like all like what we're doing, like the purpose behind what we're doing in our marketing is always to produce a sale, but then we can detach from that when we're actually doing the delivery of it, when we're creating the content, and that's where that real connection gets built. And I think, I think you do a good job of that, from what I've seen with your videos, but from a strategy standpoint, it still is. It's all leading to the sale, and that produces the best result overall.

[936:53] Speaker 1: Yeah, does, yeah. I I'm gonna post go, I'm sorry.

[938:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh no, I'm thinking of, I think I'm going to launch this here soon. We've just created a couple of these for my mom's business. We created a health one and a stocks one. You can create, like, an AI with all your content. And I want to just load all my content into it and create an AI for our programs where people can, like, talk to AI version of Jeremi. Yeah, and it has all the content in it

[946:22] Speaker 1: was that you there's some professor that has done this and that he teaches all his classes with an AI version of himself. So he he's written scripts for all of his courses. Or at least some of them and in but it's an AI, uh, person that will deliver the lecture. Yeah,

[953:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, this is a, it's a tool that is one of the better ones that does this. And so we look like we loaded up hundreds of hours of content for my mom's teaching, and we created that and her her coaching group. They're asking more questions of the AI now. Now than they are even of her, yeah, and they're getting, like, and we can see all the questions and all the answers that it's giving, because it's based on the actual content. So like, this would be based on my content, and so it would answer exactly how I would answer something. The only thing it's not good at is, like, it can't take a look at your landing pages, your offers, your ads or things. But yeah, that's, that's something that definitely I'm looking at creating. Um, so yeah, we just, we gotta get your we gotta get your offer out there and see how that, how that, how that does?

[971:25] Speaker 1: Well, it'll be the next by the weekend. That's the goal. I think that it's very, very Oh, and

[973:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing I was thinking about. So you've already, you've already found how to like close sales with your one on one calls and things like that. Is two things, I wonder if you could run like a side, since you have all this set up for your Google campaign for that, I wonder if you could create a side Google campaign that leads to this offer will be one number two. I wonder, if, like, anytime when I talk about, okay, now you're going to create a one on one interaction, like you're going to reach out to somebody through DM or email them. You're essentially, you can shift into everything that you know works with one on one sales, right? And you go right into that kind of mindset of, like, finding out what their pain points are, and all those things that you already have dialed in, and it'll work for the group coaching too, a lot of the same way that you're selling your one on one coaching. You could sell the group coaching to people as well, right? I could, I could even see, it wouldn't surprise me if you could literally take your current Google funnel you have, and do a trial with some of the leads to see if you could just close them into your group coaching program, right? Well, you really just direct them to that instead of one on one coaching, right? The

[996:49] Speaker 1: I know my the the Google ads, I talked to him about before I came into your program, about, let's I want to do a group program. And he said, Well, I don't really know how to do that. I mean, you know, our lower ticket type of i and he said, but we could definitely do it as a down sale from the one on one. And and I was like, Well, I don't really, I mean, I really want this to be the main thing. Yeah,

[1005:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: about two things, you increase volume of people you're reaching, so you gotta get a lot more leads that come in, and then you can have a higher tier that's priced well as a higher tier group, and then that helps you pay for that. But you could also have a lot of the people in your group. You could have some of those people go into one on one, and you could increase your one on one rates as well. So those are a couple of

[1012:16] Speaker 1: well. So I think we so the My Plan is right right now. I mean, just so you so you maybe have awareness. So I have a an intensive offer, which is six hours on one day, and I've had $3,500 on that, and I'm going to put 5000 on it, and then my one on one has been 2800 and I'm putting 35 on that. This will be well, so here's what I'm planning on for this offer. Is, I'm going to say regular price, 1997 founders, price, I can't remember, 14 or 1597, and then if you pre register, you can get in for like 1297, or 1197 before the 13th, start on the 20th. So from 2000 down to maybe 1200 or 1300 I can't remember. But so I'm raising everything all across the board when I add this in, because even at $1,500 this is super cheap. Well, even at $2,000 it's still 40% of one on one. And you probably get 70 or 80% of the benefit, you know, like the general education piece of the one on one in this group. And I'll say that in the webinar too. You're probably, I'm probably taking you 70% of the way for 40% The cost, I don't know. I would try to

[1041:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: anchor it like where the value is spread a little further than, like, just being just 40% to where, like, the perceived value, that's something as well. There's the actual value, but then there's the perceived value, where the perceived value is far greater than just, like, 40% or 20% it could be like, right 300%

[1047:20] Speaker 1: I got you, yeah,

[1047:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the perception that you're creating around the value, yeah, it's helpful. But no, you're, you're, you're doing great. And again, you you know how to help people really well. You know how to here's the other thing I would I would encourage you with your ads. Get these ads launched and then record like three or four more.

[1055:00] Speaker 1: Oh, well, I'm going to the mountains this weekend. You can bet I'll be recording another one,

[1056:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: but record some of those ads, and then go put those up in the same ad set.

[1057:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. I mean, the first of all, I love being in the mountains, and it's going to be 10 or 15 degrees cooler, so outdoors is going to be great. And there's so much hiking, waterfalls, all that stuff, it doesn't take any time to pull out the camera and do the thing with the ads. I mean, I'm really, I'm very excited to get to the mountains, but I know I have a little bit of work to do

[1065:54] Speaker 3: while I'm there.

[1066:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. Yeah, all right. Well, very cool. All

[1067:32] Speaker 1: right, thank you for everything today. Yeah, you bet.

[1068:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is there anything else, uh, Akiko, or Oh, Karen, Karen logged off. All right. Is there anything else, Akiko, you want to go over? No. All right, awesome. Well, we went over. We went over a lot here for this, and I'm glad that we're able to do this. So one thing we're going to post it in the in the group, I'll mention, is we are actually going to do another group coaching call for this group next week on the fifth, and then we're going to be doing one on the 19th, because my signal is not going to be good enough to be able to do one on the week of the 11th through the 16th. So we're going to we're just going to push it forward, where we're going to do another call next week, and then we'll do one on the 19th of August for that.

[1085:20] Speaker 4: I mean, it's just like, wait, I'm, I'm going to be in mountains next week. Yeah, I'm going to own, like, actually, training camp for my karate in a word, this Thursday through an extending vacation till next Thursday. So Monday, Tuesday is we are in a crater lake Oregon, so probably I'm not gonna have

[1092:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: any we do. Maybe what we do is we take two weeks off of doing these calls. Then we could do the 19th and then the 26th we'll just throw it in on the 19th and then the 26th okay, that might be better, because Wade, you're going to be gone too, right? Yeah, next week, um,

[1098:57] Speaker 1: yeah, I should be back by Tuesday. I don't know about Monday, but Tuesday, I'll be back. But if Kiko needs to, if she's out, let's the 26th will work just fine.

[1101:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me figure out. Well, yeah, the 26th so we were, our next call is normally going to be on the 12th, and then the 26th I can't do the week of the 12th at all. So that's why I was looking to say, like, Let's do and two.

[1106:10] Speaker 4: Gonna be in vacation as well, the cruise

[1107:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the 16th. That will be so I'm not, I'm not able to do it on that week. So I was looking to like, either move the calls back, or we'll just do the one from the 12th. We can just do it on the

[1110:49] Speaker 1: 19th. Let's do that for me. Let's

[1111:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: just do that. Let's just, let's do that. I'll tell everybody in the group that we're going to just do it that way. So all right, cool. Then we can come back and we'll, we'll connect in the group and in a boxer and everything with that.

[1115:20] Speaker 4: It's not No no 12th,

[1116:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: not on the 12th. We'll do it on the 19th, and then we'll do it again on the 26th and then we'll go back to every other week.

[1118:38] Speaker 3: Alright,

[1119:12] Speaker 4: yeah, alright,

[1119:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, we'll do those. Two back to back weeks like that. Okay, alrighty, Alright y'all. Thank you. See ya. Have

[1122:40] Speaker 1: a good we all have a great week. Bye. Bye.

