VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-07-01T20:34:29.000Z
Duration: 84 min
Otter ID: QBPdTdtDo2WLDG915qMYxWces70
---

[0:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right.

[2:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, check. Check, one, two. I'm

[10:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, hello, Karen, hello. How are you doing? I'm good. How are you good?

[12:56] Speaker 1: See something? Oh, there's Wade.

[13:43] Speaker 2: All right. Oh, you know what

[14:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't look like this. Wade

[15:13] Speaker 1: has a note taker.

[15:57] Speaker 2: Did you see that? Yeah, no,

[16:24] Speaker 1: but no taker, wow, I

[16:54] Speaker 2: don't record these though. It just automatically does it. Oh, Jeremiah puts them out. Yeah, this one's great. It's cheap. Oh, really cheap. Fathom, fathom. Record everything.

[20:46] Speaker 1: And then, and then, then you can use it for for for your AI, yeah, the language.

[23:00] Speaker 2: I get a transcript, I get a video, I get multiple summaries. I really, really like it. I use it for, I wasn't using it for my therapy practice, just for coaching. But then I realized I already had everybody's permission to do recording your

[28:32] Speaker 1: personal notes. Like, yes, you're no cooking. It's not for anything

[29:31] Speaker 2: else, right, right? And so it's awesome for that. It's like I was using one that was $60 a month. I want to say this one is less than 20. Maybe it's 20. Which one are you using? Which app? Fathom.

[33:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah. Fathom. I know fireflies is pretty good too.

[34:25] Speaker 2: Yeah. A lot of my clients use Firefly, and then I use a little more expensive, yeah, yeah. The nice thing about this is I created. It comes with a bunch of templates for note outputs, but you can customize it. So I was able to customize it to do a soap note and it it that's meaning better, faster notes than I could ever write.

[42:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right? So sad. Um, okay, so how's everybody doing today? Good. All right, I sent you a few things. Karen, in boxer, okay,

[46:16] Speaker 1: I, I have, I've been, I've been traveling. Yeah,

[47:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's fine, yeah, but I went and I rewrote your email. I Okay, I prompted it a few times and then manually rewrote it a little more playful. Okay, so, like, that was one of the things is, oh, playful, okay, is that is like to make it more playful, okay? And so that's was the tone that I that I did, was more of a playful tone with the email like it starts out, you ever have one of those days where things just aren't going your way? Yeah? Often tastes bad somebody said something to rub you the wrong way, and you just feel exhausted, and one of the things that I like to do, too in writing email is I might verbally say what I'm going to write, yeah, how I would say it, and then either transcribe that in, oh, I didn't

[59:33] Speaker 1: even think about that, yeah, because the way I would say something's totally different, well, it shouldn't be totally different, but it

[60:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: is. It's going to be very different almost all the time. Um, which AI app did you use for that email? I think I

[63:12] Speaker 1: usually use um, Claude. I prefer Claude for emails,

[64:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, Claude is the best for email. So then I rewrote it, the opening part, and then had Claude kind of finish it, and then just make it a little more personal, okay. Then your Yeah, your video. I mentioned, I think having videos on your landing page would be a really big benefit for you. I think, I think everybody's landing pages should have a video of them on it, okay? Because it connects with people differently. The one thing that I found, like the the one with your psych psychology services, was at about two minutes in, it sort of loses you as far as what's in it for me, what can you do for me? And so, okay, too, yeah, it's a little more of like about you and what you do. And people, people don't care at that point. They kind of like no for me, sort of, well,

[79:15] Speaker 1: I'm just thinking, because when people okay, so. Somebody calls me, they want to know my theoretical orientation. They want to know my training

[81:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: like it's happening out written underneath the video. Yeah, it's

[82:21] Speaker 1: happening less and less. But like, especially when I was younger, like they wanted, I basically to prove my worth, and I don't really get that anymore. They're just like, we know that you're you've been doing this while. We want your approach

[84:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably, yeah, you probably wouldn't have to do that as much now I would, yeah, keep, like, your your bio part under a minute, okay? And then, and then turn it around as far as how it can benefit that, okay? And you can sort of talk about, even, like, what you do by how it benefits them. Like, one of the ways that I do that is I talk about how I can help somebody with their sales copy with their ads. I don't say I help do sales copy. I help do ads right, like a reframing of how that right? So that was my critique on that. And then on the landing page that you had sent, a lot of the text is still really hard to read. And I asked the cursive, yeah, well, yeah. I asked, maybe if you just give me the login to your WordPress site, I can go in there and play around and make you a video of me, like, reworking some of it

[97:38] Speaker 1: would be amazing, great. I'll send it to you. Yeah,

[98:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I'm like, I thought about this, like on the weekend, I was like, How can I help, Karen, the best. And I think it's just like, getting my, like, rolling up my sleeves a little bit, you know, okay,

[101:40] Speaker 1: because I guess, like, where I am, I'm like, okay, so we can have this great conversation. You can play around in your AI on your computer, yeah, but that doesn't actually translate to something that I'm using, because it's like, so I need to go back to play,

[105:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I can even show you, I'll just record a video of me kind of in there, like, all right, okay, yeah, so, and the difference of that is, we don't have to hop on a hour long, two hour long,

[107:58] Speaker 1: right? You can, you can do it, and you can do it

[108:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: when it works for you. I can do it in 2030, minutes when it works best for me this week. And so again, that's just like, another, another little because I thought about it, I was like, Man, I really like, think I need to, like, do a call with Karen to go through this. But I was like, No, I think it's a better way to do this. How can I optimize this better? And so that was like, Oh, I could literally just screen record me in there, as long as you send me the login details. Okay,

[114:58] Speaker 1: yeah, I'll send that to you for my WordPress well, and I guess I got Okay, so the lady that was on with the Lyme disease that was on your list of people, I spent $300 per landing page, where all she did was cut and paste the copy that I gave her, and then I'm like, Yeah, I'm like, I'm like, okay, I can actually do that myself. So I I'm so I've sort of, like, stopped there because I'm like, Okay, I'm not going to pay $300

[121:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, again, there's a gal that I know in the Philippines. I should add her to the list because I worked with her for like, two months. She's really great at WordPress and really any website stuff, and she's only 300 a month for full time. So, oh, wow, I'm

[125:10] Speaker 1: getting gypped because they're all like, I guess I put the price too high. Well, that's another thing I wanted to address, because I think I was offering too much. And, like, whatever you offer, they're gonna pay. They're gonna

[128:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: charge. Yeah. So here's, well, no, so here's what I did. I offered like, $4 an hour for bookkeeping services. Okay, hours a week. Okay? I had people bid me at 10 and $15 an hour full time. And I literally wrote them. I said, this is all I can pay. I can pay you 400 bucks a month. I'm like, right, it all done in 400 bucks a month. And literally, like, they were like, Sure, no problem. I'm like, okay, great. So, like, that's, that's the other thing with the with the outsourcing,

[136:15] Speaker 1: because they are, they are eager. And then I have one, one's helping with my YouTube, and I'm feeling pretty confident the other one was helping with Instagram, like the engagement. She calls it warming up my Instagram and and then posting. And then now she's coming back saying that I've been what's the word? Where your shadow? Shadow band. She thinks I'm shadow banned on Instagram from over posting. Okay, so post like, three times a week. Okay, so as of June 1, I had 457 followers on Instagram. Now I have 458 as of June 1, I had seven followers, subscribers to my YouTube channel, and now I have 403, okay, and I did that organically. So there is something in my like, I'm doing something right with with the YouTube video. And they are more they are just right? Yeah, direction and then the social media would just direct to my YouTube channel. Yeah. I mean, they're good enough. People are. People are watching them all the way through.

[153:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Be where you have an an off ramp to where you're directing them from the social media over to your offers that you have, okay? And so anytime like you have offers on your website, you're able to lead them that way, right? And then you can start to do retargeting ads. Retargeting ads are where you only target the people who are following you on social media as well. So you. Let me see about this. Yes, I'll talk about that in just a sec. Wade, okay, um, let's see, where's your where's your Instagram and your YouTube?

[163:23] Speaker 1: Well, it's Doctor Karen consulting on Instagram. Doctor at, yeah, d r, k, a, r, e n, C, O, N, S, U, L, T, I N, G, okay.

[169:49] Speaker 1: And then my YouTube is, let's see,

[170:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you're not posting too much. I think, why would she say you're Shut up? I don't know that's weird,

[172:14] Speaker 1: because she's, she's like, I can't grow. She's like, it won't grow. I can't grow it. She's like, we need to post five stories a day. I'm like, yeah, no. And I and then she had this whole thing about warming it up and, like, not posting for a week. And then I was telling my sister in law that she's staying with me, and she's like, are you still paying? I'm like, No, I paid her for what she did. But it's not right. It doesn't sound right. Like, and I'm like, and then some of them will send me these proposals, like, I'll do this for you for $200 a week. Yeah, no, yeah. And I

[180:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then for your Instagram or your YouTube. Which one is the YouTube we're talking about? Is it this one? It this

[182:40] Speaker 1: one? Yeah, that's it. That's it, yeah. Okay, she yeah, there's my YouTube. Do you like those thumbnails better?

[185:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, this, this font is really hard to read. Okay, so, okay, I think the thumbnails are good. I like having your your face in them.

[188:32] Speaker 1: Um, the way they already were, yeah.

[189:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so this one got a lot of, yeah, that's one I sent to you. Interesting, isn't

[191:10] Speaker 1: that interesting? And then, but I mean, that doesn't mean they watched it all the way through. They could have watched it for two minutes, you know, and found it

[192:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting. A lot of those followers off of that maybe,

[193:36] Speaker 1: I think that's, I think that was a like that. That was the day where there's a huge spike in the analytics

[195:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and that's where, like, Oh, now here's something I will say, the the setting and the tone of this video works really well for you,

[198:19] Speaker 1: okay, and that's right here,

[198:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, even, like, your tone of voice and everything like that was so perfect on this video.

[200:14] Speaker 1: Oh, okay, and that's where I am. So I must have been I'm saying, like, this is where I physically am in my house, yeah, but, but I think I'm trying to think, what did I do that day? Like, my mother sent me two sweaters for my birthday, like that sweater in this sweater that she made, and I was like, I want to record videos with my new sweaters. I mean, I have no idea what else I did right that day.

[206:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: But, yeah, just like your your vibe, your mood and all that are like, they're on point, for sure. It was at this point where I was kind of, like, if we're using this as, like, a video, like, like, kind of,

[209:31] Speaker 1: then I lost you,

[210:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: loses you a little bit. But like, it was very interesting up to this point right here. And yeah, you're definitely getting people that are watching it. But I think, yeah, I think a big part of it actually has a lot to do with just the energy that you showed up in, yeah?

[214:15] Speaker 1: Oh, I see Wade's message. I have a whole bureau of sweaters that my mother's made me. I mean, she's finally gotten to where she knits with linen, like, because it's so it's so hot in Texas, yeah? But yeah, I could do all the sweaters. So my sweater

[218:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: videos, yeah, like that. Like that works so much better than this right here.

[219:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, that looks awful. I honestly want to delete that.

[219:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So just you like the candid I like that backdrop. Like, the dimension of the backdrop is, yeah,

[222:16] Speaker 1: that's right. It's right here. And honestly, so it's like, when I'm just being me, like not trying

[223:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: to, that's that's going to work best for most content,

[224:47] Speaker 1: not trying to be Doctor Karen, not trying to be professional, just me being me, being me. And that's

[226:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: what reminded me of. There's a it reminded me of a kind of a vibe, a little bit of the of a therapist that I have followed. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski on social media. What's her name? Man,

[230:32] Speaker 1: I did something right though, like, Yeah, you did for two minutes. I had I had

[231:50] Speaker 2: it? Morgan

[232:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cutlip, no, it reminds me a little bit of like Julia Christina's live. A little bit how she does her videos.

[234:21] Speaker 3: You've said

[235:03] Speaker 4: about No, now

[235:16] Speaker 1: she's like, her backdrop, yeah.

[236:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now she does all her videos black and white, which I find very unique and interesting. But like she, Oh, wow. I will say it looks like a lot of her video views have dropped off recently because she has. 300,000 followers, and I I watched a lot of her stuff, like back when it was, like, when she was just getting started, when it was just her, like, these older videos of hers, right? These are the ones that I know her from that are like this.

[245:17] Speaker 1: Stop being so nice, it's actually making I love that. Oh my gosh, great. And

[247:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, now that's another great thing for you. You could also look at pages or videos, yeah, and see like, what are the most kind of popular topics and resonate with maybe your audience again. That goes back into all like, I need everybody to hear me here. I need a Kiko, David Wade, Karen to hear this. Find like five people that you like their content. Yeah, three reasons. Number one, five, find people that you like the like their vibe and how they communicate and almost like model that in some of your videos, like their backdrop and all that. Number two is content ideas wise, is look at YouTube content. Look at funnels, look at social media content that is being posted by certain people that do what you do, what you're wanting to do, or are similar to in that space. Might not even be exactly the same as what you do, but they're like within the same kind of lane. Mm, hmm. And look at some of those ideas, because often times those same video ideas, they will work on your page. They will also work YouTube videos. Here's the crazy part about YouTube videos. YouTube videos, the most popular YouTube videos overall make really great like webinar ideas and lead map ideas too. Oftentimes, if I'm trying to come up with even ideas for lead magnets, I'll ask the AI to give me YouTube video ideas. So that's just like, something to like, like, be looking at, yeah, other and it's not, I don't get my like content ideas of like, what I'm gonna say am I kind of like, I'm not gonna watch through somebody's video and say, Okay, I'm gonna make an exact training just like theirs. I don't do that, but I look at like, what do they title their video? What are they titling like, their videos? What's and I watch like, the first, like, two minutes just to see how they intro it. How do they get going into it? What's that part that grabbed people's attention to to hook 100,000 people in, let's say they're a really popular YouTuber to watch, and there's just a lot of value there. And I think sometimes we can get caught up in needing to come up with all the ideas on our own, when we don't need to work that hard.

[284:57] Speaker 1: And this Morgan Cutlip, she does. She's got some car videos, like, where she's in the car and she's going with the curling iron, I don't know, which is like, just kind of cool. So you can do it in a car and have it be okay, yeah, I don't know who this is. I don't know. I mean, I'll have to, I'll have to look at her. Like, which ones get the most traction,

[289:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? But anyways, like, anyway. But I will say, because I was hesitant, like, with this for a while, and now you can kind of go, you can go, you can swim too far on this where now you're just looking at what everybody else is doing, and you lose some of your originality, so you gotta be careful with that. But I find that like borrowing ideas for I all my all my lead magnet ideas, I'm usually just looking at what is the most popularly marketed lead magnets that are out there, usually right, that are that are being marketed, and then I put my own spin on them. What are and then for YouTube, like, if I'm I'm constantly looking at different pages of people that are in my industry to see, okay, what are their top like, 20 videos, what are the topics on? And I found, like my videos, when I do that, I will get five times as many views off of them, which then converts to leads and organically, if we're just talking the organic side, which is, which is really great, and then, like you want organic and paid advertising to be working together for you With your offer, same offers go out to bolt right, and that's really where things start, start clicking. So anyways, yeah, I'd love to look at your website and just keep it up with the videos. I think you're really great on video.

[312:50] Speaker 1: Karen, thank you. You

[313:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: really are, like, exceptional at it. And it's like, it's like, one of those things,

[314:32] Speaker 1: wow. Because I don't, I don't edit like, I just do it and

[315:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: then want to, you don't want to edit it, yeah, that's amazing, those things that like by not doing more videos like that, it just is like you're losing like, 80 to 90% of your superpower in online marketing and business.

[319:11] Speaker 1: I think, wow. And this, this is. Hear the video, you know? I mean, I think, I

[320:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: think for everybody, video is that way. I think like, there's some like, and if we're not comfortable on video, I think same for doc Dr Wade, too on video. I haven't seen any video with David or Akiko, but I think it's a skill that everybody can learn and grow in. Is getting really comfortable making videos to put out there. But I just I know that video is something I was not great on video when I started, but I know that it's the best way to connect with people, is just by creating more video content that you put out there, because, number one, it gives you something to send to your email list. So that's what I that's what I think of, is I, I use my videos as something to send to my email list at least once a week. Yeah, and I'm way to engage with them without having to, like, write a crazy email. I'll write a short email that then connects them to a video, and then that video kind of walks them through the thought process that I want to walk them through to to lead them to whatever program I'm marketing, or whatever lead magnet I have, or things like that. So Okay,

[339:39] Speaker 5: no, thank you. All right.

[340:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, Wade said, can you share a little bit about how bookkeeping with someone in the Philippines works? What do they have? They have access to my QuickBooks, which then imports everything from there. So I have that all linked up, and they are just, they're preparing the QuickBooks account to pass off to a a tax CPA, so I like, I still have somebody in the US doing the taxes, but I have somebody in the Philippines that does all the bookkeeping, and they're trained on how US companies do bookkeeping. She's been doing it for 10 years. The gal that I found, and I found a lot of them. I mean, seven years, five years I would I found that was one thing. I was, like, looking for somebody with experience. And then what I did was I explained, like, my accounting situation, I explained, like, Okay, here's what I'm not trying to look good to them. I'm like, here's what we didn't do great on the books, and here's what you're gonna have to work with. Like, we did better in 2025 but 2024 is kind of a bit of a mess. You're gonna have to clean it up. And as long as they were like, oh yeah. And they they explained to me how they would work through that quote, unquote mess, and they were able to articulate it. I've like, that's how I was able to hire them, as if I was able to have a back and forth conversation with them about the very specific situation that they were diving into. Then I found out my accountant I was I had in the United States, I had a US accountant firm that was doing all my bookkeeping and taxes. They're still gonna do my taxes this year, but I just, I got rid of them for bookkeeping because it just didn't seem worth it. Well, they just hired all their staff is in the Philippines now, so they literally got rid of all their US staff, and now they just have a Filipino staff for all their bookkeeping, because they just found like, like the Filipino staff for bookkeeping does better work than the United the US people do, and that's kind of what I'm finding as well. It's very quarter of the price. What's up

[375:13] Speaker 5: probably for one quarter of the price

[375:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: too. Oh, completely Yeah, full time for $2,000 a month, and then, and then a full time person can handle however many clients that is.

[378:12] Speaker 5: So, yeah, yeah,

[379:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, same with, like, hiring somebody to help you upload your ad campaigns or edit your videos, like the person I have who does all my video editing, she works like, 20 hours a week for $3 an hour, and it's amazing. She's done that for me for four years, and she does great, and she never has missed a deadline once, wow, and hasn't asked for me to pay her more. I raised her rate, I think a little bit. I think I pay her like 450 an hour now, but I get more raise ever so often. But yeah, in the Philippines, just the value of our dollar goes different in Filipino. So No, and I find that it's just, it's really cool that you that you can do that, and I'll train them how to use AI too, so I can, like, leverage them for their time, so they're able to use AI and get like, 10 times as much done, which is really cool. So like, oftentimes, I'll have a VA that I hired take all my content and run it through different AI stuff and then send me back. Uh, what that is. Now you can automate some of that. Now Zapier just released. You can connect Zapier to otter AI, and I want to try to set up an automation with that that does a lot of that stuff automatically, but I haven't gone in and set that up yet. It's easier for me to just tell somebody right now that I hired to take my transcripts and run it through a certain prompt and then send me the Google Doc. That's just still going to be a lot easier for me, and especially they're running through like, four or five of them each week and all that, because I just end up forgetting to do all that. So, yeah, outsourcing. When we're building our business is, is valuable. I try to I'll have, like, my customer service person will be in the US. So I think that there's some nuance to the communication style that needs to be there. So I've always had us customer service people that are, like, managing my billing and, like, refunds and stuff like that. And these are people that I I've been lucky there, because they're all people I, like, really trust that I've known for a long time. So, but, yeah, that's, that's that side of it there. Ah, alright. Well, David, I sent you something. You sent me a couple of things that you were Oh. It says no, chats. Found. The chat is, oh, there it is. I see, yes, I sent you that just I uh, what I had talked about on Monday is, I think just getting, like a, like a beta test going for you, something that we can get out, and getting the decision made on that. So how does that feel?

[430:37] Speaker 5: That feels okay. And I probably I have, actually a second Stripe account I could use instead of the one that I was trying to use. There you go for now,

[432:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I recently set up, like, two stripe accounts for somebody, and they didn't ask for any

[434:15] Speaker 5: of that info. I've had that account for quite a while, and I haven't used it. It might be because it's so old, like, maybe then well, and then I was going to use it on Stan's store, and I sent them a link to my unfinished little bio link page that I made. And then they saw what I was trying to sell, what the name of it was, and they freaked out. What was it? Well, at the time, it was called easy cash dash. Oh, okay, so, so I've since renamed it,

[442:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: so that might be an issue, yeah, yeah. And they don't like, they don't like, um,

[443:41] Speaker 5: nothing, make money, get get rich quick. Or that sounds a little scammy,

[445:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I mean, wealthy coach Academy is close, but,

[446:14] Speaker 5: you know, but it's not wealthy coach Academy in two

[447:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: weeks. Yeah, yeah, fast. And I have a pretty established account with them. Yeah, have I have no chargebacks on my account with 1000s of transactions?

[450:11] Speaker 5: Yeah? Well, that helps. That speaks to your benefit. Yeah,

[451:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's a big thing, because I, I don't know, I'm almost like, I need to, like, up my game and get some chargebacks, because that's how, that's how I feel, because it's like, so below the industry standard, but it is kind of a nice thing. Now I don't worry if I somebody, like, I used to worry if somebody was, like, going to give me one, and, like, I never got any. And so yeah, now I'm really not too worried about that. But

[461:12] Speaker 5: while I've been kind of waiting for this, out of me waiting, but I've, I went on a thing this morning with a fellow that does, I've been kind of interested in threads, because there's, I think there's an opportunity there to develop an audience. Yeah, there's this one gala fellow I've been following for a couple of years. Him, I think him and I both started our threads right the first day when it came out, and he, I went through a training with him and his sidekick this morning. It's pretty incredible the way he's using AI to mine your previous threads and to create a framework for what to post in the future that to make it more active. It's a very complicated AI thing. It's really cool. It was really using 8n

[474:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: is he using n 8n?

[475:13] Speaker 5: No, he's not using that. They just use chat, GPT, okay, but they used, they had a prompt they developed that took your previous history that you put in there along with the prompt, and it regurgitated. Come out with this framework, and I'll get. Really cool.

[480:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is cool. I saw somebody do that with you can download all your stuff off of Twitter or x, and then have it kind of do that as well. Yeah, did they have you where you, like, downloaded it all off of threads.

[484:02] Speaker 5: They had me hook it up to with, with one of the tools, like metric, metric, metric, cool, or whatever. Okay, now we can go into the history and just copy and paste everything. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, they had another tool they could do that. Cool was one that would work. Yeah. And anyway, so then, then you copied everything into into check. You copied the prompt in there along with this stuff that you'd copied from metrical, yeah, and there was like a three stage process with this prompting thing, one to develop your voice, one to figure out what you've been talking about, and then another one to come up with new ways to talk about it that's more engaging, yeah, more that would get more replies and help you build your following.

[497:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you started to create some content using it? I

[498:35] Speaker 5: was using I've been using threads for a little bit, but I haven't posted as consistently as I wanted to, because it's hard to come up with stuff. So having a tool like this that helps you figure out what to post and gives you ideas, is something else.

[502:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Challenge yourself to use it and then, like, pick one idea each day, where, even if it's not like the perfect idea, I just think, I just really think, like and all of us need to be doing this is just making at least, like one piece of progress each day on our social media. Definitely, posting on social media is a is a thing a couple of times a week. The reason why is because it helps legitimize when we're marketing online, it helps legitimize that we're like an actual person who's actively available to people, right? Like, if somebody can look on my social media and see that I post consistently, it it just automatically shows that, like, I'm still around, I'm still there, and I'm still actively so then that's where I figure out, okay, how do we take as little time as possible to create those posts? That's why a lot of my posts are just from recordings of trainings like this that I use with Opus clip and clip down, um, they don't even get a ton of views. I literally just do it because I pick the best ones, and I do it because it helps kind of legitimize what I'm doing more when I run ads, I'll, I'll get a lot more engagement on the content, because people are coming from the ad to look at my content, and then they start consuming it, and then that becomes kind of part of that loop. So that's what I found, is like, if I'm not posting on organic social media, and then I'm running ads, the ads don't work as good because the people don't have something to keep consuming mm during that process. And if all I'm posting is organic social media, I'm also not going to get a lot of results. So I just, I find that the two feed each other. And it goes back to one of my one of my, like main it's probably one of my top main pillars when it comes to building a coaching and online course business is every task and activity that you outside of physically coaching people and recording long form content. So those are the only two areas where I make exception to this, if I'm recording long form content, like it's a 45 minute video. I just did that webinar yesterday. Gosh, I cannot wait to get that webinar out. It was, like, the best webinar I've ever done. I was so, like, stoked to get it out. I'm, like, this is going to work. This is so good. Like, it was, I just, I can tell when I'm on fire and when I'm not, and

[542:31] Speaker 5: definitely in the groove yesterday, huh?

[543:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, oh yeah. It was perfect. It was so perfect. And the topic is there, and I can it's gonna, it's gonna work really great. The The thing is, is that I when I'm pretty long form content, or when I'm coaching in a setting like this, the rule that I'm about to say doesn't apply because you want that to have time to breathe, to expand and to take your time through that process. But for everything else, it's like, how can I take as little time as possible to get everything done? Like, as little time on my part as possible and, and I also look at the people I'm outsourcing to as little of their time as possible, like, I'll look at, okay, I outsource to somebody. I'm going to pay 50 bucks a month for Opus clip and have my video editor go through there, because it's going to save that. They're going to now create 30 videos for me. And it didn't have to take them a lot of time to do that, whereas, if I'm having them go through. All my content and edit. It just takes a long time. So the idea is, is just for our marketing, our front end marketing, anything outside of long form content and actual coaching sessions, I consider to be marketing materials. Long form content is still a marketing material like a webinar is, but a webinar is a bit more like nuanced. I'm going to put a little more like into that. If I'm doing something on YouTube. YouTube is an exception to it. Like I will usually come up with the idea for my YouTube video in five minutes and then press record, and that's as much time as I spend planning it and and same for a lot of the content that I create, same for a lot of the just the different stuff that I'm doing in marketing. And I just, I found that same for the emails that I write that spending more than five to 10 minutes per thing, yeah. Even for the podcast, yep, yep, yeah. I, I now when I'm recording it, if it's a 40 minute YouTube video, that's going to take me 40 minutes, but I, but I take very little time to come up with the concept of what I'm going to talk about, and I and I, and I try to flow intuitively and from the heart, like I'm just having an open, transparent conversation, and it's getting out of this place where I'm so carefully constructing my message that I'm putting out there the only message that I carefully construct is going to be my landing page sales copy For my lead magnets. Mm, hmm. So I put, I'll put maybe a day or two of back and like, maybe two or three hours of back and forth, editing me and AI piecing it together to get my landing page copy done. And before I did that, I would maybe take six to eight hours with my copy. So I put a lot of time into the sales copy. I'm finding I have a workflow where I'll take one day, I'll have ai do it, I'll edit it on day two, and then I'll come back, like, a week later, and I'll completely, almost rewrite it, and it's 10 times better on that that like, week later rewrite. And that's, like, that's the final version that I'm putting out there, like I just recorded that webinar yesterday. And I'm like, Okay, I'm gonna actually, I'm gonna have some fun. I'm gonna take the transcript from my recording, the sales copy that I wrote, and I'm gonna tell AI, here's the sales copy, here's the transcript. Edit the sales copy to match the content of the transcript closer, and it will adjust all of my bullet points and everything and the language to match that transcript. And then I'll take that and I'll massage it, and I'll edit it to the final version so that then it matches, it matches that. It's called The Art of lead getting I was like, it's like, such a like, not even a great. I made fun of it too at the beginning. I'm like, I had it on here, the art of lead getting I'm like, first of all, if y'all are English majors, that's a terrible sentence. But like, understand that I did that on purpose. And that's almost like my hook to pull you into the webinar a little bit. It's pretty cool, is

[613:49] Speaker 5: that kind of a pattern interrupt, you know?

[614:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I, and I did. I didn't even like mean to do it that way, but it came out so perfectly, was that it's this concept that I just see again. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say this just, I had the idea for the webinar while I was doing the dishes the other night, like, like, about two months ago, and I just really felt like inside of me, like, you need to call it the art of lead getting that's going to be your landing, that's going to be your offer, and don't do any other lead magnet till you get one out there. And I've been resisting launching it for two months, and then I finally was just like, you know, I'm gonna record the webinar. We're gonna get this up. And so it's just, I know, I feel like I'm beating a dead horse with this, but it's like, the if we can get our speed of decision making to where we're taking action on our decisions, and we're okay with it being imperfect, we're okay with it like it could have room for improvement, But we're still going to get it out there. Mm, there that is always super beneficial in the sales and marketing side of things. So yeah, I know I keep talking about that, but it's because i think i. There's just, there's something powerful there in that behavior, those two, those two things, of speed of execution, going from idea to a something that's tangible, that's out there, and becoming really self aware of where we start to stall out, where we start to dive into Okay, now I'm going to build this out, and I'm going to create that. I'm going to brainstorm five things over here, and that becomes this busy work that helps us, makes us feel like we're working but it's not a profit producing activity. It's not a cash flowing activity. So I always look at, does this exact activity that I'm doing, is this going to bring me closer to producing cash flow, or is it something that I'm trying to refine and improve what I've already done. Am I trying to spend time iterating and improving? And there's always needs to be room for iteration and improvement, but that comes after. You launch something that comes after we we get a few things out there that comes after that, and then you evaluate that's usually not going to be the first stage that we do things. It's usually always the secondary thing that we do once something's launched so and yeah and I struggle with it, but we can, we can all do this together. I know that. All right, um, see, I know Akiko says she just got a new phone. So she got her new phone set up. I sent, I sent her a couple of messages as well on here. And that was kind of, yeah, that was kind of the main thing that I was saying to to Akiko, is like, don't get careful not to get super caught up in like, building and creation mode. And let's get into because there's a temptation to do that. Let's get into how we can get something out there and start bringing in those those sales. It's going to it's going to be good. I here's what happens, because you can put a lot of effort into building something, and then it doesn't work, and now that can really, like drain you, and so it's like you would have gotten the same or probably better result, taking way less time and effort to get the thing done and get it out there and iterate and test and See what's working, see what people are responding to, yeah, more so than trying to refine one one idea, cuz then what you're able to do is you're able to iterate through, okay, the first idea didn't work. Let's do a second one. Let's do a third one. I had a I had a client where I met with her every two weeks, and she tested a new concept for like, six weeks, a new concept every week. And it like they didn't work for like, five weeks, but then the third one made her $40,000 that month, because, like, we refined it, refined it, refined it, and then it was like, pop it went. And that's the other thing that ends up happening, is it's like when it comes to online marketing for coaching, it either, like, barely works at all, or like, I would say one of the harder ones is you get a lot of leads, but no sales, because it's like something's working but people aren't buying. You're either going to have that situation or you're going to have a ton of sales come in. There's never really, like a like an in between that ends up happening. It's usually like, almost nothing happens, or like, it works really, really well, and then you just keep doing that a lot more often. And then the temptation to kind of reinvent the wheel comes up to where it's like, we don't want to have the temptation to if something's working really well. We don't want to like, have to like, fight the temptation to change it or improve it as well. If it's working really well. Keep doing what's working well.

[713:33] Speaker 5: One thing I was going to ask you about, which I've thought of doing, aside from ads, is to joint ventures with some existing people that already have an audience and send and pay them, you know, commission for every sale type thing. Yeah, you

[717:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: can, you can do that. I'll say the quality of the person, the people they send to you, is probably a lot lower than with your own ads. Advertising. Mm, hmm. But if you do that, it just depends on how big their audience is. I've had that work in some senses. The way I've had that work is I may attach, like some of my courses, into their thing, or I might partner with somebody to help promote their offer, and then I get some back from that, but there has to be a direct call to action of some kind, or just a direct affiliate joint venture promotion where they're directly promoting you. I haven't

[727:58] Speaker 5: actually reached out to anybody, but I've made a list of the people that I have been either bought stuff from or been on their list for a while, and think like their audience, probably would be somewhat of a fit for what I'm trying to

[731:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: do. Yeah, yeah. And I think that there's definitely a lot of a lot of value there, that the issue is you want to, at the same time, start then building your own audience. Oh, absolutely. And get that going, Yeah, where you can thrive away from because it's that's usually really great in the beginning, and then it kind of like dies out, and then it starts to feel really weird because you're just trying to find the next person to promote you, type of a thing, whereas it's a lot more sustainable when you're the one bringing in the right the the sales and stuff like that. I found that happened a lot in the the Christian ministry world, where people are, like, promoting their like, Christian schools and stuff, and then they would always promoting, like, each other's same stuff. And then it just became this, like, everybody was just promoting each other. And it was like, it started to get really weird, and then nobody's stuff was getting promoted. And that's like, that's like, that's what ended up happening. And I noticed, like, a lot of people just like, died out. There's like, a lot of like build up, and then a lot of like die out that happens, whereas it's sustainable if you have your own audience and able to grow it that way, it's it's a slower beginning, but it's the long term. Effects last a lot longer on that when you build the foundation of your own people that you're locked in with and connected with, and you have your own system of of marketing to people. So I'm excited, uh, Karen, to dive into your WordPress and to take a look at that for you. I am

[757:20] Speaker 1: really excited, because I appreciate that story you just said, because I have to be close. Like, yeah, have to be close. And I look at, I look at my statements, and I'm like, I'm spending money on ads, you know, Active Campaign, like, all these things with zero, like, I'm only, still only making money in the old fashioned way, you know. And it's like, so to work, to support at, you know, trying to, I don't know, it's, there's a tipping point,

[764:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yeah. The the thing that for you is that there's, there's a So, there's a moment, it's called by a buying temperature, slash buying pressure inside of somebody that kind of builds up, like a tea kettle a little bit, okay? And then, like, when it whistles, like a tea kettle does, like that's when they're ready to purchase. And so what ends up happening is, is a lot of the stuff that you're doing is just not getting it to a boil yet, okay, that's and that's what ends up happening is like, like, I said it's usually like, you got a lot of build up, but there's nothing happening. And then it's like, it happens because it's literally just like, it is, like, boiling the tea kettle kind of is. It's like, you got all this movement, but like, the you don't see the steam coming out, it's not quite out of boil yet. And then that happens, like, right away. And it's like, there you are, because that's exactly what it is. There's like a buying temperature that people have. It's a combination of trust, a combination of belief, a combination of desire, a drive, a want for change, and that's where, like, your your your videos can even help increase that you want your videos to increase that in people where they're able, where their desire is there, where they where they can see themselves getting some kind of a return on investing with you. So think about this too, that you want, if somebody's going to invest financially with you, they have to clearly see a payout, a payoff, for that investment before they make the financial investment. And so nobody invests in coaching or mentoring, in the sense of how we do it, unless they can clearly see, like, Okay, how I've been doing it is costing me more than paying for what Karen offers, right? And so the and so it's, it's like, it's very simple. The only reason nobody. Bought from you of those leads as they've not quite reached that stage, okay, in any of the stuff that you put out there, to where they're like, Yes, I need to get what she's offering. I need to get that outcome. I need to get that result. Okay? And that's where the like, sort of like the the our our job is figure out, okay, how do I bring people over the edge to that point where they're ready to take action, or they're ready to do something, click the button. Yeah, well, more than just click the button, because a lot of times people will click the button and then not put the credit card in. Mm, card in. So they gotta click the button, then they gotta put their credit card in, and they gotta put in the three digit code on the back of their card, and then they gotta purchase exactly so it's like, it's like taking them to that stage, because, and think about this, like, psychologically, there's a lot of internal chemical and neurochemistry that happens when somebody purchases it, and so you're working to increase that neurochemistry and facilitate the decrease of any of their hesitation, any of the reasons why they're not willing to right? And that's a, that's what, that's what the job of, that's what our that's what good marketing, nurture, connection, and that's that's exactly why too, like, if you're somebody that has ethics and delivers on what you promise, that's great. If you're somebody that doesn't deliver, that's why people feel scammed. Because either way, if somebody gets scammed or they buy something that's really good, they still reach that same level of buying temperature and excitement, right? So then the reason why somebody feels like, and I, I've even, I, I've had, I've never, I've actually never had anybody come to me and say that they felt scammed by me, which is great. I'm like, okay, good. Like, like, I've, I've made that to be like, an important part of how I do everything. It's like, I never want anybody to feel that way. Um, at the end of the day, no matter how everything goes, I want there to be a value that's exchanged. And so in the sales process, what we're doing is we're future pacing we're casting vision in their mind for the future experience of the outcome before it's happened. And we're helping them experience inside of them what that outcome will be, where they can see it clearly, they can feel it. They can almost taste it and smell it and like and so and so, that's that's what really good sales does, is it is it facilitates that. So that's why, like when you create a video, and your videos talking about you and what you do and all that. That's why I was saying this. That doesn't help move them in that direction, but when you start talking about what they're going to get out of it, right, how you can help them, right? How you're able to like, what kind of results people get when you're able to cast vision, and you're building certainty in their belief system. So you're building up the certainty that it's going to happen for them. And so all of that is there's like, a spark and a trigger that goes off in people's minds that says, okay, yes, I gotta have it. And that's where the credit card gets pulled out. Okay, yeah. And then that's where, like, maybe we put some things to increase the urgency as well, to where, instead of them waiting five months, they take action, because they're going to miss out on something like, great example, the car that I just bought, the Tesla that I bought. Well, at the end of June, there was the deal they were offering was going to expire. I don't know if they're going to extend it through July. It through July, but I wanted to make sure I got it before the end of June. And then their sales person was texting me, they're not even commissioned sales people. They're just but like, I can tell, like they're well trained in this of like, helping move me towards making that decision, helping make sure that any questions that I have are addressed, any concerns that I have.

[877:36] Speaker 1: Yep, it's, it's like they have this seller speak. It's a $350,000 General Motors, like luxury car my son's working for General. Voters. And, like, you have to, like, you know, have the black American Express card to even be in there. But then it's, like, this whole procedure, the way they like, it's all custom, like, they have people, like, just devoted to selling, yeah, this thing, I mean, that that's really high level. But like, like, walking them through every piece of the process I thought of you, yeah, you know, with your Tesla.

[886:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then, like, on the flip side of that, right? I'm talking about, like, all of this happens with the buyer. We want to get to the place where it's effortless for us to be able to get them there, yeah. So that's the personal growth side of it for us is like, I that's the like, the flip side is like, Okay, I just talked about, like two things. You take action quickly, but then you so meticulously, like, get somebody to want to buy from you. It's like, how do those two work together? It's there is a place where you grow in the confidence in yourself to just do it and to just kind of see what happens. I getting, like a vision in my mind of like an archer, like, when an archer pulls back a bow and arrow, like, they can't slowly let go of the bow for the arrow to move right, but they can't guarantee the first time that they let go of the bow that it's going to hit the bull's eye either. We really are a lot of times like archers, we're like, Okay, this is your marketing process right here. And you just gotta, like, let go, and then you'll start to, okay, I'm gonna adjust, and then I'm gonna get it right on the bull's eye. So really is, like, that's actually like, a great example of kind of what, what it what it's like, yeah, and everywhere around the bull's eye is like, Okay, we got a lot of leads. We gotta, but no sales. We gotta get it right there on the bull's eye. But it still has to happen. In one motion, quickly, elegantly, and then what? And then what ends up happening is that perceived like you hear so often in the world of marketing, like build authority right? Authority is built when you get to the place where you just effortlessly walk somebody through that process. Because you're just you. There's so much confidence that's exuded, yeah, that people are like, okay, this person believes in it. I'm going to follow them, because they believe in it enough, and that's what it is. They end up catching your own belief in what you do. So that's where I have to believe in my program more than how I'm selling it to somebody else. Okay, yep,

[921:17] Speaker 1: it's like, I got an I got a referral yesterday. It was, yeah, well, anyway, they like, it was effortless. Like, I didn't get annoyed by the questions. I was just like, like, I'm so confident that I know that I'm good at this. It was effortless. And they and they, like, they booked, and I can remember those calls I would spend 20 minutes like, talking about my training. And nobody cares. Nobody cares,

[927:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: you see, and now, like, like, talking about that same way of how you used to spend 20 minutes doing that, and now it was effortless. Yeah, wow. Where your your the social media marketing is going to get that way with you. The Yeah, we'll get that videos, the webinar, the funnels, the landing pages, all of that gets to that same place, and that's where the results really like start to come in. When that starts to happen, the results will come in before that happens overall. But that's where like, the consistent This is why most people in online marketing. It's, it's actually, it's a lot easier to like do one on one coaching and all that and stuff, and to like, get a sale and make $20,000 at that point, but then you're having so many hours that you have to do but when it comes to doing like a group coaching, you're, it's a leveraged opportunity. It's a leveraged system. So that's where you have to really pack in that same level of belief into it that you would for the one on one opportunity that you're doing, or whatever that other thing is that you're doing, into your group offer as well. And so that's where I try to get my mind into the state of like, my group program is just as valuable as my high end consulting. It's just as valuable as that. I just know that, like, not everybody can afford $8,000 a month. So this is the next best thing that I have to offer, and I'm gonna, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna promise that I can help get people results with it. And then I'm gonna, and then I build it out. And then what I do is, I actually, I always, I've always done it this way. I promise my offer first, and then I deliver my promise. Secondary, I find a lot of people they will try to deliver their promise by recording their course, recording their videos, creating all the material that they're giving away first, and then they start selling it. And I find come up with the sales material first and have that be what influences what you are actually delivering to people. So I've always come up with, hey, what's the irresistible offer first? What's the thing that I'm going to offer people that's going to be exceptional and incredible? And then I create all the material that actually delivers on that secondary and just got to make sure you actually deliver on it, but then that that that works great, and that's going to be more effective to bringing in sales for you. So Wade, what are your thoughts on all this? I feel like I feel like you're like, Well,

[976:36] Speaker 2: it's, I mean, I have a lot of thoughts. I know what if the thing that stood out to me is the gradual accretion that doesn't feel right of expertise, like some of the things that you can do, like, like, your webinar yesterday, you know, I don't think anybody on this call is equipped to do that, because we don't have 20 years of experience. But that doesn't mean that we don't get there. And I was talking today there pretty quickly, though, well, and I feel, I mean, I feel pretty confident about my ability to be on video. Yeah, I'm growing at that. I mean, there was a time, like when I was preaching that I would write out my sermons, you know, word for word, and I was really tight to it, and then I was like, Man, I just gotta relax big. So then I went to an outline. And I never got away from an outline, because, you know, the older I get, the more stuff just goes away sometimes, right? Exactly, yeah, so, but, and then the other

[995:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing, that's exactly what I'm talking about, right there. That's a perfect example,

[996:23] Speaker 2: yeah, and over time. I mean, I know that the perfect Well, not everybody here cares about sports, but the sports example for me was, yeah, when, when Urban Meyer went to the University of Florida. I was there. And if you're a college football fan, that was, they had several great years and but Chris leek was the quarterback before he became a pedophile. We'll just own that part of him. But he said he had a really hard time, and the game was really, really fast when he first started learning that offense. But by the end of the year, the game slowed down a lot, and he was much more efficient because he knew the system. Yeah, and I feel like everything feels fast that I'm learning from you right now because I don't know the system, and so like how to set up the the course, or the lead magnet course in go high level, and to do all that stuff. I'm hitting buttons for the first time, and I know the second time I'll do it a little faster, and the third time I'll do it a little faster. But it is frustrating, because I like to frustrating, because I like to feel like I know what I'm doing. So if you want to, if you want to show me too, like where you're at on that. And I could even log in and take a look at that too. I could help you. Yeah, I mean, if I can, just bring up real quick, what, what things look like so far, if I can, can I share?

[1018:09] Speaker 1: Yeah, I love your sports analogy, because it's like, I have a football high school football player, but like, varsity is, you know, pretty fast, yeah, from JB, yeah. And then yeah, and then when you get there, it slows down. Yeah, that's really cool. I love that.

[1022:16] Speaker 2: Yeah. So this is what the initial, like, course page looks like, except for this band up here, because it's preview mode, but and then the rest of the course will be over here. And then I took the trans I use DaVinci Resolve to edit my videos. I just had one cut in this one, so that was nice. And I took that transcript and got this and then I had the transcripts. This is only the first welcome video. Yeah, that's what it kind of looks like. As far as I don't know, can you hear that? I can't hear it, but I can see it. Okay, well, I won't. I'll send you a link to it and and so just one quick question on it, like I'm setting this up to drip it out. I think that's the easiest way, rather than having it on separate pages in order to send the link. Yeah, what do you think I. I think, I mean, I'll send an email every day anyway, saying, hey, the video's out. Are available to you. But

[1042:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: does it have a, like, a drip function where it, like, gives them access each day? Yes, okay, yeah, that's good. Um, yeah, no, that's a great way to do it. I like to just give people a page where they just get access to all of it, okay, all at once, because then if they want to skip ahead, they can. So there's kind of that, like, instant gratification kind of thing, where I love it give people the ability to where they don't have to wait to get access to so that's

[1048:55] Speaker 2: what I wondered. Because, I mean, for this, it's kind of like that multi day webinar that you've talked about, yeah, our challenge, because there's, ends up there's six main videos, including this Two Minute welcome, and then five more, and then the main webinar that to invite them into the program itself, to the to the group coaching. And I may not include that one in that series. I might have a different page, so I don't think I'll include it over here in the course contents, but have a separate link. I don't know what would you or could I drip that one the day, a day later, or I want to build some anticipation, you could

[1061:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: have that one be like something that, like, on the like, the last day, you could say, we, we've scheduled this on this day, if you have a way where you can actually say, like, a date and time when they're going to get access to it the final webinar, I think that, like, that's a good thing. So then they can, like, look forward to it, so they get all this content, and then, like, in five days, I'm going to send you, and this is where it's like, let's, let's go chat GPT and kind of brainstorm this a little bit. Watch, yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna, like, doing like this. So I am offering a five day video series. I don't know if you're doing five day or whatever, but I'm just gonna, yeah, five on day six, I want to give them a webinar that is really powerful, valuable. I want them all to watch this. Write me a persuasive way to frame the webinar and the fact that they gotta wait until day six to get it, and they don't want to miss it. Okay, so, like, this is, and I do this all the time. Like, anytime I'm trying to communicate something in my marketing, I'll just, I'll, I'll ask the AI to give me some ideas for how to communicate this how to make everyone count down the minutes. Your five day sprint starts tomorrow, and the secret finale. There you go. There's a secret finale. Everyone loves a secret they can uncover. See, it's so funny. Like the AI like, it knows the human psychology of like, that's a perfect trigger, right there. Yeah, the end these five quick hit trainings, I'm gonna unlock one private session I've never shared. It's 100% free. Happens only once, and it brings it all together. It's, it's like, you can reiterate, like, it's secret on day six. So let's say, what's the top of yours again? Remind

[1094:39] Speaker 2: me again the what did I name it? It's from something like from arguments to affection, something illiterate, like that.

[1098:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Something illiterate, illiterate. Oh,

[1099:44] Speaker 1: alliteration,

[1100:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: alliterate. Okay, yeah, I turn every we need to talk to. I'm glad we talked. And the private finale that you don't want to miss, I say secret would be nice. I think secret, yeah, five bite sized videos on day six, I'm opening up. Okay, well, it's not live, it's not live on camera. It's recorded. But I want to build anticipation or a secret session. Ezra, you just gotta go back and forth with the AI. And

[1109:06] Speaker 2: I wonder I'd have to look at this. I don't know enough about GHL yet to know, but I wonder if there's a way to, I know you can do a drip campaign. I bet I could do an automation where they have to watch a certain video to open to kind of unlock,

[1114:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: possibly. I mean, you might not be able to, but if you can't, that's not a problem. Just giving them access on after five days, yeah,

[1118:08] Speaker 2: yeah, no, I know that's that's easily possible.

[1119:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: That didn't really i. That's writing an email. Just give me some language to mention throughout it's like trying to, like, write me a whole, like, email campaign and everything, and I'm just wanting, yeah, a lot simpler than that. I

[1126:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, day six already on your calendar. Block it out. It's like completely losing if this is where it goes, off the rails, yeah. And then what I'll do is I'll copy my first prompt, and then, like, I'll do this all the time, okay, it goes off the rails. So I start copying all the prompts that I gave it into a final prompt. And it'll usually come back to what I was looking for, because it's already answered me, but I'm going to bring all the prompts into one plug and play lines you can sprinkle in. Here we go. Five videos now, secret marriage session on day six. Make sure it's in your calendar. You'll want to be sure to to block out on on day six for this. Yeah, okay, yeah. Big breakthrough later. Keep watching day six kind of brings it all together, ties it all together, and whether it does necessarily perfectly tile together or not, that's the perception that you want to create,

[1146:54] Speaker 2: right, so Right. And it will, it will. I mean, it did to like, Okay, so you've got a piece of the puzzle. Now, here's the big picture. Invitation.

[1150:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to like my the analytical part of my brain when I would say something, tied it all together. It used to, like, try to create, like these, like crazy connections. And I realized, like, I don't need to spend so much time trying to connect the dots together. I can just say it's going to tie all together, and then just deliver it and it'll work, because people are anticipating it. What ties it all together, really, is your is your offer. That's the offer that ties it all together. So that's why I like that, like, helped reduce the amount of time I was spending brainstorming. Was when I just was, like, just because I said, like, oh, it ties it all together, doesn't mean I now have to take like, 10 days to make sure it all ties together, right? I'm not creating a choose your own adventure novel here for people like, try to go, like, that extreme with it. And

[1164:40] Speaker 2: so, so I know we're running out of time, but can I ask one more thing that's related to something we talked about earlier? So can you so you put out a lot of content, and based on the video, the course, a lot of that flows out of it seems like you are long content first, and then it looks like you use, or, I think you do use Opus to create clips out of it, and then you will, you will use that same content, and you'll just film something else based on that even. But a lot of that, like you can put out content every day, but that's a whole part of your whatever you called it, the content creation made simple or or whatever that was, but that's, that's kind of so long content first, long form content first, then. And it like, I think you do probably at least two pieces of long form content, including your podcast every week.

[1180:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, podcasts, and usually a YouTube video, and then I have my coaching call,

[1181:47] Speaker 2: right, right? So, so, okay, and so, all that's kind of what I'm thinking I would because right now, I need to get this done, this lead magnet done. That's what I'm prioritizing. And then, like, I mean, I probably have spent, I spend a lot of time on chat GPT anytime I think about something like, was it your call yesterday? Or something I watched recently of yours? Like, how to get it to how to get chat, GPT and others to brainstorm like ideas. Yeah, you know, I don't remember where I saw that now, because I just consume a lot of Jeremiah content lately. So cool. But that was super helpful, and pulling it all together, because I know I need to do that. I've been trying. No, I haven't. I've been saying I wanted to for a good while, but honestly not trying. And I think I got a little burned out after preaching. You know, Sundays come surprisingly frequently, so I think that I got a little burned out on content creation. Uh, when I was doing that, but now I just need to, I mean, a lot of it's easy. I mean, it really is with AI in if I think, if you're a subject matter expert, you you know that what you're saying is true, and that's where, because a lot of that's easy for you, maybe even you find somebody in the Philippines that can push all the buttons and go high level for you. I think maybe that's I've thought about that, and I have looked, yeah, just kind of scroll through that. That could be really helpful. The other one is, like, the video editing, like, I don't mind using Da Vinci, especially, like yesterday in that two minute clip, I had one cut, yeah, you know, I mean, and I knew right where it was, I could go to it. And now, I don't know how familiar you are with it, but it has text based editing, so it's super easy to find your text

[1216:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: where you know what I use now for video editing on my computer, I use cap cut.

[1217:58] Speaker 2: You know, I get it. I'm a little concerned about CAP cut because of the ownership of it. We'll see what happens. And there's another one too. I think it's okay for your content. Well, bye. Well, but, but, if, but it follows you other stuff on your phone too. That's the thing. What's there's another company cap. I usually have my computer. They have a computer. Oh, you do, yeah, that, I mean, that's anyway, because it's owned by Tiktok, the parent company of Tiktok. I wonder if it's gonna go away too. If they can't, yeah, maybe it's old. So that's my concern, and I don't mind. I really

[1228:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: wonder share.

[1229:43] Speaker 2: The other one I like is in shot.

[1230:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: In shot is one of my favorites. Wondershare is another good one for the computer. Okay, was Da Vinci on your computer or your phone? Yeah, yeah, it's computer. It's only on computer. Yeah, I thought, so, yeah, yeah. So, Wonder Show filmora is almost just like, Cap cut, okay, basically the same, almost the same software. They're very similar,

[1236:22] Speaker 2: yeah, and this, I didn't need to start outsourcing more,

[1237:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of stuff for free. And,

[1238:36] Speaker 2: yeah, well, and, and I've used it the free, free version of it, just to try it out. And it is great. And there's a guy, Tyler tomovich, that has a really cheap training program on it, and he's all over the my feed anyway, and, but he, he's really good at just the effects. And I don't need all that. I just need cuts, splices, transitions, yeah, stuff like, and now when I put a video out, captions is another one that I like for captioning. Captions is amazing, yeah, yeah. And the AI functions on that are really good, really, really good. So I'll do that. That's what I use to caption all of my stuff, whether it's plane captioning or AI version.

[1250:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: We tested out vo three for a video for my mom right here. Yeah, we did, uh, sit.

[1255:09] Speaker 3: I stopped trying to find a doctor who would agree. Can you

[1255:44] Speaker 2: hear it? Yeah,

[1256:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I did this with stop

[1256:52] Speaker 3: trying to find a doctor who would agree with my Google search. Now I just pay for one who knows what they're doing. It's called concierge medicine.

[1258:59] Speaker 2: That's cool, and that's not her at

[1259:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: all. No

[1260:00] Speaker 3: estrogen. Queen 79 said this was the truth. She said this had a sold this beaker contains hormones balanced by consistent labs and trusting your own symptoms, and this beaker contains hormones balanced by switching protocols every week. Wait a minute. I have to be accountable. It's not the doctor's fault. I'm eating Oreos every night and only getting 2000 steps. This is your metabolism trying to process hormones while you do hours of intense cardio every day and live in a constant state of stress. And this is your metabolism when you switch to lifting weights three times a week and just go for a nice, long walk. See the difference. Hi, I'm Martha, and I'm ashamed to admit it, but I stopped trying to educate my doctor. I just found a new one who was already educated.

[1272:25] Speaker 4: Went to med school for eight years, not so I could spend my afternoons telling people that they cannot get a prescription for the protocol. Their favorite influencer is gatekeeping.

[1275:45] Speaker 2: That's hilarious. That's awesome.

[1276:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: We did that, and then we did,

[1277:13] Speaker 2: oh yeah,

[1278:51] Speaker 3: I've decided to take back my health and advocate for myself, balancing hormones with. Estrogen and testosterone truly changed everything for me, for the better. I've accepted

[1282:03] Speaker 2: That's hilarious. You know what would be awesome for me? Google that it would be pretty cool to take some of those Disney characters with happily ever after endings in my space, and just see what happens. Don't you always wonder, like, five years down the road, after they have kids, and they're all stressed out, and they're, oh,

[1287:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you go. Yeah, actually, could you could definitely do that. So that was with VO three from Google. Have

[1289:19] Speaker 2: to check it out. I think I have access to that because I have the workspace.

[1291:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, VO three. It's, it's also in there's a lot of apps that are allowing you to have it, like, can't. Canva has vo three, I think now, oh, really. And so what vo three does? It generates the audio. It generates you just you write a script out, I like to prompt chat, GPT, to basically write, describe the scene, describe the characters, and write like a script. And then that's my prompt. And it can create any eight if you're limited to eight second clips. That's why it constantly changes characters,

[1299:50] Speaker 2: okay, yeah, which is actually good. I mean, it keeps attention,

[1300:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it's, yeah, it's, it's a trendy, fun style. And we, yes, we did some of that for my mom's thing that she's doing for fun. But

[1303:29] Speaker 2: I'm gonna try that. Yeah, it's in Po. Beta version is in Po,

[1304:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh yeah, oh yeah. VO. Three is, yeah, yeah. It's probably pretty pricey in there. Let me see,

[1307:45] Speaker 2: yeah, 5500 points. Yeah, oh yeah. 50, 55,000

[1308:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: 55,000 Yeah, so, but I know,

[1310:26] Speaker 2: per paid ticket clip, wow,

[1311:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I think it's, I think it's pretty, pretty cool. From Google themselves. It costs. It was like $125 for, I think you like, you get like 100 videos. So it's like $1.25 per video clip. So it's pricey, but it's really cool. Like, what you can do, you can create some interesting messaging that way. So, yeah,

[1316:55] Speaker 2: all right, you write the scripts in chat, GTP and cheat.

[1318:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I did was I actually found like a short, that one I'd find like a comedic video, video format. I had the transcript reverse engineered, and then I had it write a script based on the same comedic format of another totally unrelated comedy video. Okay, so what I did was I found like one video, and then I gave it my subject matter, and I told it to create me a new comedic video structure based on that one right there. So I didn't even come up with the any of it, okay, yeah, it was pretty cool. Okay, that there's a lot of there's a lot of stuff with AI that you can do. The key is to find the stuff that brings in the cash flow.

[1333:05] Speaker 2: Right? Of course, see

[1333:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: that? That would be a funny video, right there. There's a lot of stuff you can do with AI, but the key is to find what makes you money. Have AI characters say that. Yeah, alrighty, I'm going to log off here. This has been this has been great. Y'all. We'll chat and then, yeah, I think just if you want me to look over anything as far as in in your funnels or even in the back end, log in and take a look at anything that maybe you need help with. Let me know. All right.

[1342:14] Speaker 2: All righty, thanks. Bye.

