VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-12-16T21:51:16.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: dU3p0zH18Qhfcf2AsvagGRYKxUk
---

[27:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right,

[31:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello, David,

[33:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: how are You?

[37:54] David T: David, can you hear me? I am unmuted now. Okay, perfect. I am I'm here, and I'm just plugging my computer in because I just noticed the battery is down to like, 15 or 20%

[42:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. And

[43:26] David T: I have been gone. I have been up to Idaho and Washington for the last few days, and I just got back one day ago, and I'm here scrambling to try to get myself back into my what's supposed to be my online business, it seems to be taking a back seat every day because I'm working on a little project outside that's taking up a lot of time soon.

[50:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that happens. Hey guys. Hey, have you checked out? We checked out. Google's anti gravity.

[53:25] David T: Google's anti HUD, no, I haven't

[54:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a, it's an AI IDE for creating software that's, uh, you know, I don't actually know what the term IDE means. I know what it I know what an IDE is. I don't know what

[57:24] David T: integrated development environment,

[57:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, basically

[58:32] Robin Ernst: triple word score, yeah,

[59:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it's an, it's an AI driven one, and it's a lot cheaper and more powerful than all the ones that cost money that are out there. So, oh, it's an

[62:09] David T: app you put on your computer. This is really cool.

[62:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. And so like, you tell it what you wanted to make it writes the code, does all that, but it's really good. They just released a new version of chat GPT images. Oh, really as well. So I've been playing around with those. Some of the images that I've been creating are right here. So, like, I had to take me and and shave my beard.

[71:48] Robin Ernst: Oh, my goodness, and

[72:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: then put me in an astronaut suit right there.

[73:23] David T: Wow. So

[73:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's keeping my face consistent, which is really cool. They actually look like me versus, you know, just some random, random person, wow, which is pretty cool. So, yeah, it wasn't able to do that. This is a brand new version of chat GPT images. They just added chat GPT. So, which is pretty cool. So basically, you just upload a couple images of yourself, and then you tell it what scene you want to create. So like, for the astronaut photo that, like, I used to go out, and I used to do all these photo shoots and all that. Now I've been doing this. I just uploaded these selfies from my phone. So own random pictures of me with my face in different positions, and then I told it to just make a make a photo of an astronaut version of me, and that's what it did that

[90:32] David T: is really cool. So

[91:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Google also has a version of this, but these, these don't have any watermarks. The Google one has a watermark on it on their Gemini app. But yeah, this was, this is pretty cool. Now you can bypass the watermarks if you use something like po to access these, because in Poe, they have image generation bots. What I love is I'm using these to create images for content. I actually got rid of my video editor because I realized all the videos I was editing, I had her clipping clips for me from training calls that we were doing, and those were getting maybe one to two likes and like 200 views, yeah. But if I do little clips like this, like this was an AI image, and all this, this gets a lot more engagement. All of these get a lot more engagement. If I'm just making them like this one I made with AI right here, animated it. And so I'm just, I'm finding that, like, combining that with actual videos of myself that I might make on the fly would be great. This guy got so mad at my post. He just started, like, cussing at me. Oh, really, oh yeah, he was, he was just angry.

[113:07] Robin Ernst: And yeah, he his, his username tells you that the man has more issues in Southern Living. Yeah.

[115:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it was pretty funny. He was telling me that my way of living would keep me broke and that his would help him have mansions and cars and two wives and some kids. Yep, because he wants two wives, I guess so. Oh, really, to quit being a loser and get off your ass. So that's how people are on social media.

[121:39] David T: Yes, they are. You sure aren't.

[122:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was a great video that I had done. So anyways, I'm taking a totally different approach, kind of the content creation, kind of taking some cues from how my mom is making content. I'm sort of going all in in that direction. And what she does is just she gets an idea for content, and then she'll post it, she'll make it, she'll put it up there quickly. So like, my mom's kind of been doing the same kind of thing. Like, she'll, she'll go and grab an AI photo of herself on a on a ledge right here. Like, that's not a real photo, but it has her message attached to it, you know. And then she'll have these, like videos of herself in the gym, and she'll add all this and stuff like that. So she's kind of mixing the AI with the, you know, the different messaging that she has. And it's just it's working really great to grow her social media. She has more engagement than she's ever had.

[137:33] David T: Wow, by

[137:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: mixing AI with normal content, Mm, hmm, versus only doing normal content by itself. And so that's what, that's what we found this works really well. So her and I talk about this stuff all the time, about like, what's working, what's not, what's and my mom's method for content creation, she just gets an idea throughout the day. She'll write it down, she'll record it real quick, or she'll make it really quick, and then she'll just post it. She doesn't content plan. I've actually never seen my mom content plan in over 20 years ever. She's never planned out her content. She's never pre batch made content. It's more just like as she gets an idea she posts it. Now that can be, sometimes feel like more work. But what I found is like, if it's just like, you don't take a lot of time on each post, it's a great way to post content and things like that. So those are just a few little things that I've been doing over the over the week, over the weekend, really focusing a lot of my content creation. And that's because my next little mini course I'm going to be launching is all about this. Ai, content creation, content creation strategy. I'm just going to show people like, you know, honestly, like, I, I don't have a huge like, following with content, but on how to make great content, and this stuff gets a lot better engagement than I was getting just the traditional way. So I'm just going to show people it's a great way to connect with your message and ultimately make ads and things like that. So anyway, where are we? Where are we at with you guys, with the stuff that we were talking about two weeks ago, David, I know you said you were out of town. What's been going on? Any sort of progress made?

[165:44] David T: Well, I did connect with somebody I have on Facebook that does a lot of AI and has spent a lot of money on ads and, course, creation and digital products. And he ran my page through a tool he has and gave me some ad ideas. So I did that, but I haven't looked at him real close yet. And and the other feedback he had was that my now, I'm not going to say that this is to prevent me from moving, but he did say that there wasn't enough story in my copy on the ad, so it was harder for his AI to get stuff to

[174:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would, I would tend to lean in towards that and agree a little bit. Yeah, story the way that I like to tell a story. It doesn't have to be a story for you. Needs to be a story. This is one of the number one things I do say with copy. Let me see your landing page real quick, because we can fix that really easily.

[179:26] David T: Yeah, so I'm guessing he's probably leaning into the Donald Miller strategy of making the hero the end the the person that's reading the copy and you being the, forget what, who the what the name is,

[183:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I like to their situation and their potential outcome.

[184:48] David T: Hang on a second. Oh, I can't see it.

[186:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna send it I'm

[187:04] David T: going to send it to you here in a second. Okay, let me just share my screen. I'll just send you a little bit. I'll just send you the link.

[188:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, sorry, Robin, were you? What were you saying? Yeah, send me the link.

[189:24] Robin Ernst: Yeah. I wasn't trying to interrupt. The sound overlapped a little bit. I'm just familiar with the Donald Miller story brand vibe, and was just calling it the guide or the Sherpa is what he He wants us to be the guide, and he wants the user, the customer, to be the the hero. And it's just kind of a framework for how to build that out.

[196:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find that that can sometimes get you caught up in the weeds of overthinking the whole story process. I like to just stick to, like, one to two paragraphs that you can put kind of in the beginning part. And so, yeah, I would say all you're missing on this page, it's actually like, again, it's a really great page. I'm actually really, really impressed with it, really happy with kind of are you screen sharing? Dave, how it's coming together?

[204:05] David T: No, but Jeremiah is showing it now. Okay, perfect.

[205:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's this right here. Great images. The story section would go right in between these two sections, right here.

[207:36] David T: Oh, okay, and so like your

[208:12] Robin Ernst: background and the fonts reminds me, in a really nice way, of the Rich Dad, Poor Dad vibe.

[209:47] David T: Oh, okay, I like that.

[210:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so here's, here's what I would do. I'm just going to take this kind of top section of your your offer here, and we're going to kind of create, some stories. Okay, so take the following sales copy and in the top 25% it's missing a bit of a story section to mirror back to the prospect, their potential situation and potential outcome problem to solution. Draft up five versions that we might use. Okay, now we're going to throw this in here, and we're also going to throw it a Gemini area, see what both of these can come up with for kind of a a story section for either of these, I'm

[229:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: it okay.

[234:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going through the these and

[238:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's blend version three and four together into something and then make it pack a little more punch, being more persuasive. Let's see what this comes up with.

[246:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, no blend version three and four together.

[248:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I know I'm, like, really quick with this AI stuff, just because that's, that's how, that's how I I'm going based more off of, like intuition at this phase, not like I hardly, and this is like, when it comes to sales copy, I'm hardly ever analyzing anything. It's more how it feels. And then I ll analyze it on my final run before I launch it, just to make sure it's as everything accurate. But until I'm like ready to launch it, I'm not going super hyper analytical on anything. It's if you ever bought a make money program, walked away thinking, maybe it's me. Maybe I didn't try hard enough, maybe I'm not consistent. Stop. That's the trap. Most programs aren't built to pay you. They're built to keep you busy, hopeful and more steps, more complexity. If you're the kind of person who hates attention and hates selling those programs, don't just fail you. They make you feel like you are the problem you're not. You don't need a personal brand. You don't need to show up daily. You don't need to convince anyone of anything. You just need something quiet, simple and predictable. So this right here is kind of the story section that's mirroring back to them, sort of who they are.

[271:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I prefer that over the Gemini version. So just something like that would go in between the section. Deliver nothing. You're not alone. So I would, I would maybe drop this a little bit, and then that's actually a good headline, that's actually a good way to segue into it. And then you're just expanding upon the vision right here. You've walked away thinking, maybe it's me, maybe, you know, see, so the idea is, is like we're building upon sort of what you already have here.

[284:53] David T: I suppose you could even make that script into a video, AI generated explainer video or something. Maybe, yeah,

[287:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could. That might be a little more work than we're wanting to, yeah, do, though, but,

[289:10] David T: but just maybe at the next another version, at the next stage or something.

[290:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So just kind of fitting in between here, just a little more of painting that picture with the copy kind of right in between here. Of of you know, if you've ever bought a program, stop, that's the trap. Most of these programs aren't paid it. So you kind of set a lot of that in here already. Let's let me. Let me take this. I'm going to say, okay, okay, rewrite this section, add in the story from the above and make a final there's some money to make money courses. There nothing. You probably had the awful thought afterwards, maybe it's me. Maybe didn't try hard enough. Nope, you're not alone. It's not your fault. Most of them were designed, never designed to pay you. They're designed to keep you overwhelmed, more content, more complexity. So the idea would be sort of like redesigning this section to kind of match,

[307:34] David T: to put more story into the section with, yeah,

[308:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: in this section, to where it's less about the outcome. I would like, I would drop this. I would drop some of this right here. Well, if you're going to show them, and move that further down, and then keep it more just emotional story at this part, and then you dive into how it all works below that. And that's a great, that's a great again, when we're talking about like story, like, that's not that's, that's not a over analytical way of doing that, it's just we're, we're adding a little bit more to make that connection with people. One thing with sales copy that I will say is it is intentionally and Robin, can you hear me? Yes, good sales copy is going to intentionally break all the rules of good writing. It's going to break all the rules of how things should be explained to people. It's going to go against all the best practices of how we're taught and told to communicate with people, and that is what actually produces a good sales letter. Everything after that. You can go through those best practices and all of that, but when it comes to writing a sales letter, the all the kind of formulas and things like that kind of go out the door to this one fact is, really, you're just, you're speaking, you're you're writing to a person who is, I guarantee you, they're just skimming this page. They're not reading every word

[339:48] David T: kind of like me. They're

[340:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: looking for standout words that their reticular activating system notices, and their question is, is this going to get me the result that I want to change my life, or is it a waste of my time? That's what the person's question is going to land on. This. Is this a waste of time? Does this suck? Or is this going to get me to where I want to go? All the kind of fluffy ways of writing and communicating that are the right way of doing things go out the window when it comes to writing good sales copy. And so again, Robin, have you? Have you read through this book here?

[350:22] Robin Ernst: I have not. I'd

[350:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: highly recommend it. Okay, because it really talks about the like the formula for who's the author, that's Dan Kennedy.

[353:22] Robin Ernst: Oh, Dan Kennedy, yeah. I'll gonna look at that on Kindle right now. Yeah.

[354:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it just, it, just, it just breaks down. Like, when we're writing sales copy, it's not, it's not about communicating with somebody. It's about tapping into the subconscious and driving them to make a split second decision. Those are two very different things.

[361:42] Robin Ernst: Yes, I'm so glad you're saying all this, because I need to hear this later. Yeah, I experience is not serving me in this new life well.

[365:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I think is you can translate your experience into this. Just realize that it's to be effective. There's a there's a different way of doing it. That's why people who are really good writers often struggle to write sales copy, until they kind of understand what I just shared, and then realize, oh, the right way to write sales copy is actually this very sort of punchy, headline driven bullet point, like non conventional way of it really is sort of it mirrors the person's internal dialog more than anything else, rather than you actually communicating To the person. And the formula always goes emotion first and then logic. So you don't give the details up front. If you give the details up front, it's the it's very ineffective. It's not that you're trying to hide the details. It's how the brain will process the sales letter when the brain sees details up front, it actually shuts down from being able to to tap into the emotional side of it. And so you want to bring the emotion, and then you validate the emotion with the logic. Because here's what happens when somebody's reading a sales letter and it tells them all the details they now make their brain says, Okay, I've made my decision. This is this is for me. This isn't for me. Most of the time they're going to say, this isn't for me, whereas when you attach the emotion first, the person says, Wow, that feels really good. Let me see if the details check out as well. And then once the details check out to the emotion they're feeling. I guess in a sense, you could say it's a form of mental manipulation, in a way, is you got two ways of communicating. If you just give the details, you're almost certain that the peop, the person is going to reject it and say no. But you can manipulate the perception, in a way, by attaching emotion first and then going into those details and for for the right person, and when it's honest and truthful and all that for the right person, it will then convert because as human beings, we are. We are trained we are. We are taught from an early age to do our due diligence. But it also needs to feel good. And yes, if it doesn't feel good,

[412:59] Robin Ernst: a path for them to feel the way they want to feel.

[413:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and you're guiding and directing and moving people in that direction. Now, as as somebody who writes sales letters professionally. I've not read a single sales letter in five years that ever actually makes me feel that way. I have to put myself into the mind of my prospect to feel that way. I have bought courses online, but it's usually just because I'm curious as far as, like, one aspect of what they're teaching, it had a lot less to do with what was actually in the sales copy itself. And I hardly read the sales copy. But for the average, like most of the people that we're reaching, they're not trained in writing sales copy, and so they're responding to how those two things feel, emotion and logic that then come together. So that was kind of my Yeah, like like I said, this the Ultimate Sales Letter. Great book. I have a couple of courses in the members area of our program that are on sales copywriting, but nowadays with AI, what then I do is I kind of have the AI write the different sections for me, because, because one thing that AI does really well is it knows how to write sales copy versus it's not, it's actually like, Robin, you sent me that, that article, right? Yes, you, you couldn't get AI to write an article that way. It was, it was, I could see like, like, that's a very, it's a very. It was a really fun to kind of read, and you could feel it and all that. But what AI is really good at is writing marketing copy and writing sales copy and doing that, and kind of helping you as a good writer get out of that place, and it helps you in the area that you're learning by helping you write good sales copy.

[450:44] Robin Ernst: Well, I'm here for it, like, I'm

[451:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: willing, that's what it's really good at.

[451:35] Robin Ernst: I'm willing to let go of the things that work so really great in different scenarios. And I'm willing to, like, just be open and learn new things. And I'm really glad you're bringing this, because I'm here for it.

[455:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, have you? Have you started using any AI tools to write sales copy? Have you played around with

[458:14] Robin Ernst: any of them yet? But I'm ready. Like, that's

[458:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to be your homework this week. Sure.

[460:05] Robin Ernst: Step out there. Great about the sorry, go ahead. Oh no, you're you're good. What you're saying. I was just saying the, I feel like the big accomplishment in this last week or so has been getting a clear you I'm getting a clear sense of like, okay, it's it. I have, I have the two different offers, and I have the fractional business analyst, and I that feels really solid, and I'm really I have made peace with the idea that it used to be very binary for me. Am I going to go be an employee again for 40 hours a week, or am I going to do offers and do sales and have my entire income go through a Stripe account? And the answer is, see all of the above and not that a not that the I don't have to do in order to do the business analyst work that I love so much. I don't have to be a 40 hour a week employee. And so I have reached out to a friend of mine who is is a tech executive, and I'm I'm getting his guidance on how to meet the the people who are like the people who are just in the startup phase that they need, of they need the business analyst services, but they don't have the budget or the bandwidth to hire somebody full time. But that kind of work, it's really fun for me, and it's with all the other changes going on, it feels so it's very good for your brain to get in your zone of genius and do what you're really good at when everything else is in flux. So I feel good about that, and I like the idea of of the the business analyst work, and then the resilient you offer, and then the transform together offer. And so it's really see all of the above, and it's okay. There can be multiple income streams. There could be multiple ways of me serving people. And I also feel like, from an add point of view, I'm not going to get bored, because I'm going to be doing a lot of different things.

[496:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really enjoyed building my business and then having companies that I've consulted and doing that, and I've done that for my whole career. So I think that that's a great thing to do, is utilize your skills to bring in the kind of income that you need to bring in, instead of like feeling like a failure. I learned this. I learned this new term today, something that I was like, Oh, wow. That's interesting. Is as we progress into different parts of my little boy walked by the door as we progress through like the different stages of our career, our life, what we're doing in business, There's a there's a form of grief that we experience where we're kind of grieving the version of how we thought our life would go, and accepting the new version of how things are going. And I found like every time that I've had a different season in my life, I progress to the next level as soon as I can, sort of learn to fully grieve and then kind of give up and lay to rest that previous version of how I thought my life would look. And I find so often I hold myself back because I'm trying to recreate that, that sort of old version. And I'm even noticing like, different patterns and cycles that I recreate and things like that. Yes, all that to say, the term that I learned was it was like, status change. Grief, yes, which I'd never heard that status change. Grief, yep. This idea of like, the way your life was going, it's different now as a business owner or as an employee or things like that, and we end up sort of kind of grieving how things were going Yes, and then to step into the next level, we accept that it's part of the ebb and flow.

[535:55] Robin Ernst: Yes, yeah, yes, truly, Christina Rasmussen caused that invisible losses and that they are things that you might not notice on the surface. And I'll just tell you, like, I've been spending a lot of time, and, you know, we all have ways that we connect to our intuition and kind of, you know, there's common threads, but it's also really personal. But I've been feeling very clearly that I need to my deal is I not wait until everything makes sense, just do the new way and just do it, yeah, and that's what I've been really getting downloads on this week. And so I'm just letting you know, like i i That feels like the next right thing to do. And there's on one on one hand, you're right. There's a status change loss in that, you know, I got all these great reviews and did all this corporate stuff and, and that's a good thing. And there's, I mean, that's a that's something to be proud of, but there is a point where it's time to do something different, and it's time to be a vendor and not an employee and and I'm I'm reaching out like one of my one of my colleagues that I worked on on a lot of projects, said, Hey, your name has come up in discussions, are you available? And I said, Yes, and and I told him, I said, Hey, you know, I don't want to be an employee again. And I got my LLC ducks in a row, and I remember with layoffs that people educating me how a vendor is a business expense that shows up on the balance sheet differently. And if, if financially, it's the company is going to keep a contractor way longer than they're going to keep an employee. And so, yeah. And he said, Well, we only have, we only have the need for a part time. I said, Well, that's perfect, because I have other things I'm working on, and so, and I also, and I didn't go looking for this knowledge, but I do have the knowledge of the last firm that brought me to this you I know how much they build, and I know how much they paid me. And so I would rather work, you know, be a subcontractor and pay for my own benefits and pay for my own stuff at a fair rate, and not pay me 28% of the bill rate. And, you know, something that's more, that feels reasonable to me, and then I'm fine with part time. You don't have to wait until you have a guaranteed 40 hours, because I'd rather be your vendor. And he'd never heard anybody talk like that, but I had already been preparing, just mindset, heart, whatever I was, I was ready because I see then that gives me cash flow to cover certain things and still leaves me plenty of time to do these other things and pursue these other income stream. So to me, this is I'm really making peace with the whole multiple income streams, and I don't just need one job. And that's very different. It's very new for me.

[589:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is there, is there? Is there any area of it that you're kind of like holding back on and holding back from

[592:44] Robin Ernst: I think the thing that feels the most awkward and scary to me is the retail customer offer thing. And I think I that's where I really need to push through, because that, of all the different puzzle pieces, that's the part that feels the most awkward. I'm going to just a little bit while I bring my dogs back inside, but I can hear you, yeah.

[599:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: What about you? David

[600:56] David T: screen, back here, I just accepted a job offer for company in New York that's going to pay about 15% less than I was making before, but I've also picked up a contract position that can make me a lot more with the two together and, oh, wow, on my own time schedule, usually in the evenings, you know, or weekends. So while I'm working on this project, I've got here with that. I'm, you know, we're working on

[609:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: together, yeah, you

[610:01] David T: know, I had another position that looked like it might fit, but they said I didn't have the quite, quite the right qualifications or skill set that they needed. So I'm just accepting that the things that I need, and what's supposed to be coming to me is, what is, what's working out. You know, it's working out. So the last job, yeah, I made more money, but I didn't have this other gig either, where the guy seems to be willing to pay an hourly rate that will. I mean, if I work enough hours

[617:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: overall, you're actually making more.

[618:28] David T: Probably, yeah, yeah, without and yes, it's not far fetched at all.

[619:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's really, that's really great, because then you could leverage some of that into helping you build this business side of things too.

[621:40] David T: You know, I'm going from a 120 job to basically a $100,000 a year job, and this other guy is going to pay me 100 bucks an hour for any contract work I do for him. Yeah, so I'm happy about that. I'm happy he seems to be willing to pay it and says he has a lot of work.

[626:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, so what's been kind of there's something I hope Robin can hear me too. There's something that I've been really working on and I talked through this yesterday on our call. But it even happened to me last night, like I looked at okay, I've been saying I want to launch this new course, right? Well, I don't have the copy fully written, so I saw. What I literally did was I literally just opened up my computer, got it done, stopped making excuses why it wasn't done. Didn't come up with any reasons why I wasn't ready yet to do it, or things like that. And I just, I just got it done. And I find that, like, sometimes it just takes that in our businesses, and it's like, okay, like, what's the thing that I've been holding back on that I've not made progress on in the last two weeks, and what's the piece and element as far as why we haven't made progress in that and then what can I do in 30 minutes to at least move the needle forward on that project? And I look at that on a daily basis. I look at, how can I move that needle forward in those different ways? One of the biggest things I did was I got rid of my that video editor that I had, and I started making this content with AI, and getting more engagement on my social media, and having a lot more fun with that, and that's giving me a lot more creative ideas as a creative outlet to do the things that I'm wanting to do and what I'm wanting to teach and show people how to do.

[652:55] David T: Oh, so

[653:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just taking action and making quick decisions instead of set, you know, holding being in a holding pattern with some of our decisions. What are some of those things that we can this week, that we can start to move move even more forward from where you're at right now?

[659:49] David T: Yes, yeah, the you know, I think what, what I work on is that I come to the computer and I'm supposed to write copy, but then I don't know what to do next. I'm not familiar enough with the tools. I don't have my confidence in the tools I'm using, and so then I just automatically revert to do something that I know how to do. Okay, you know that

[665:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: that makes that makes a lot of sense, though, like how you're explaining that. And so what come like? What comes after having written sales copy, you got to put it on the landing page. Got to

[669:58] David T: put on a landing page. So I ended up taking the step of hiring somebody to do it for me, because I felt stuck with the graphics and the layout and even

[672:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that came out really great, you know?

[672:42] David T: So I'm doing that. I got some ideas for the ads I can run, at least even

[673:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: they have your follow up sequence built for follow up emails.

[674:51] David T: You know, what I do have built is, and it's not that, but I do have a sequence for if I create a simple opt in page, it's not a full sales page, and then send them a follow up sequence that tries to sell them and with a link to the landing page. I do, I do have a version. I do have a set of five emails for that, but the follow up after they buy. I don't have that. I don't have that completed.

[681:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, that's one of the things that you can definitely focus on right now, is that follow up after it's completed. What do they get after they buy? And I try to get those done as quickly as possible, because then we can start putting it out there. We can start marketing it to people. We can start creating some of those ad campaigns. Create some, you know, here's what I've been doing, too, for the AI images and stuff I'm doing, you guys are going to laugh at how easy this is, because once you start playing around with it, it becomes so fun. I'm literally just taking selfies in my bathroom and taking selfies of my face. I took a selfie of my shirt right here, and so, like I had aI generate an image of me with my face in a certain outfit, and then I told it to change my shirt. Changed my face to this expression, just by uploading the facial expression and things like that, and so, like, that's, that's why I was able to get, like, this photo right here. That's an actual shirt that I own. And I just told it, okay, what it originally generated was a completely different shirt. Same. Same for this one right here. This is like an image right here, through my Pokemon shirt on

[706:20] David T: there. Yeah.

[707:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Same for the these shots right here. This one, I had it put my Corvette shirt on that I had right here in this, in this, I took it, took a photo of it, uploaded it, how to do that. And so like, what I'm finding is, is it's a lot quicker for me to roll out little images and videos I'm enjoying in in Higgs field, I can create an image, and then I can have a cling 2.6 animate the image is really cool, and that creates really good quality, Like a video. But all that to say, like that's one of the things that I'm doing, as far as that goes. So you got your sales copy, we got our landing page, we got our offer up. Let's get those, let's, let's take some time and write down what are the pieces that we need to be able to launch this as an offer, and I would just go ahead and use some AI to create a lot of your ads. Most of the most of the ads I'm running right now are all AI generated. I'm using a couple where I'm talking on camera, but most of them are AI generated. And really they're just like one video click behind it that I'm generating with Sora or with Higgs field, either or with some text over it. That's it.

[732:07] David T: Okay, and

[732:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: those are the ads that I'm running, and they're working great. I'm not, not over complicating that. That process. I'm adding the text with Instagram.

[735:25] David T: Okay, using Instagram to create the text, and then just, yeah, I'm just

[736:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm just using Instagram to add the text, and then I just download it from there, like, this is one that I did with Sora, where I'm dancing around in a Santa outfit in a Mexican restaurant.

[741:29] David T: That's pretty cool. Man,

[742:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. But then I'm running that as an ad right there, yeah, and that took me five minutes to make. So not over complicating any of those steps. And that's really, like, that's the thing that I would just encourage is like, not to over complicate each of the steps of what we're doing, because the momentum is what's going to help you better than anything else. Does that make sense?

[749:47] David T: It does make a lot of sense. I think, I think that the key here is to just start playing with the technology a little bit and gain some confidence and using it and well.

[752:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we've, we've talked about you starting to play with the technology for the last couple of months. What I think, what's, what's holding you back from doing that right now?

[755:14] David T: I can't think of a good reason. I mean, it's probably just taking pictures of myself or something, something gum,

[756:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: just, just snap. You got the iPhone 17, right? Yeah. So I can

[757:37] David T: just turn around, get some great pictures, just

[758:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: snap them and, and, you know, do whatever, like real simple snap them, get a

[760:45] David T: and then send them into AI and start creating some yeah themes.

[761:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a, there's a guy that I'm following. He's kind of a techie guy right now, and he has actually inspired me quite a bit by how he's using the AI right here. Let me show you. His name is Ross. He just built a $20,000 server in his home. It's a private AI server. Oh, wow. It has two Nvidia RTX pros in it. Ross, his name, or what's if I scroll my social media, I'll see it one of his posts, I'm sure. Here he is, yeah, it was, I know Roy, Josh folk, yeah. So he's using AI, and then he just does these little videos with himself right here. But he's been, he's been generating, see, so he'll do like little videos of himself talking right here. There's his AI supercomputer that he built. It's like $20,000 to build that. Oh, wow, um, but where is his Yeah, so he's been like, using AI to make these different photos of himself in different scenes and stuff that are really, really cool,

[785:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: and just playing around with the different tools to create content he wrote. He has a bunch of content that he puts out just about AI, top 1% most powerful individual PC owner. Yeah, most people do not have a $20,000 PC. Another guy, Jonathan mast right here. He shows some great ways of using AI to make,

[794:13] David T: okay, I'm, I'm, actually, I think I'm friends with this guy,

[794:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: content and stuff like that as well. But I've been liking how, how Roy has been doing a lot of this stuff and just different photos that he's been he's been posting, where's some of the other Yeah? So like, he'll, like, he'll just, he's been just doing these different, like aI photo shoots right here. And I just thought that that was, like, really creative, just to have fun with some of these different, like, scenes.

[804:19] David T: Oh, absolutely. And you could,

[804:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could totally do the same kind of fun stuff, too. Too. I can totally see you like making, like different, different scenes of David Joel, something like that. And now chat, GPT and Google and those, all the different tools are there. They're good enough where you just, you give it a couple of photos of you, and it makes these,

[812:48] David T: yeah, right away. I did sign up for a subscription to, I did sign up for a subscription to design.ai that's supposed to be an all in one for everything. There's some AI creators courses that I'm in on school that are using it, great.

[817:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a lot of them, if they use nano banana and the chat GPT, the new image model. I mean, those are great as far as reading those images, because a lot of a lot of what we do in marketing is these different images.

[824:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's, it's, I thought this was funny. The founder of chat GPT, he was having fun with it look. He posted a sexy firefighter image of himself just so funny, hilarious, but that's how he launched the that the new image product. Robin. You back. Know. Okay, so we've just been talking about really like, each day I take a look at okay, one of the things that I've been avoiding doing, what am I procrastinating on that I need to get done, that feels uncomfortable, and then kind of figuring out and solving for how to get those things done. It took me years. Yes, every time I call them and so kind of like shining a spotlight on, like, what? Well, you know, what are a few of those things for you that we can do this week to to start to see some progress in those different areas?

[842:55] Robin Ernst: Yeah, for sure. Well, one of the things I did was I just looked at a list of anything that was causing overwhelm and brain lock, and just looking at low hanging fruit, anything I could do to get myself more focused and get myself less overwhelmed, so hiring the assistant and starting to feel more organized at home. And I don't mean like a Martha Stewart inspection, I mean just grief. And you know, if you're it's not too hard for the house to get really chaotic looking, and then that really is extremely difficult to concentrate. So yeah, that was really, that was really helpful. I mean, it's only been two days, and I already, I mean, I spent several hours on the computer today, and, you know, just kind of getting, just getting that sense of focus back and so, and then putting together the list of the, you know, what are the offerings and how, and making peace with the multiple offerings that are very different, and realizing, like, I'm not just binary. It doesn't have to be just either A or B. There's a lot of ways I can offer skills to help people, and that feels really good. So then the next thing I want to do is start, you know, Open a document for each one of the offerings, and starting to put stuff in there, and then starting to think about the logistics of how I'm going to serve what I'm offering. And, you know, just the logistics of, you know, getting the getting the frequency music to the people every 24 hours. And kind of looking at how I need to do that, and I have put out a call to somebody who does this as a as a consultancy, and asking them how they're billing for it, and just the the nuts and bolts of serving the stuff. And so for what I want the next time we have a VIP call is and obviously I'll communicate you between now and then. But I just want to start putting content and thoughts to each one of these now that I know that it's these different offerings. So that feels good like I that feels like a good next step, and I'm really proud of myself for being open to things being accomplished in a way different way than I've ever done. The the assistant is a college student here local college, and she mentioned that she and her boyfriend like they're they're saving up to get their own place, and not to buy a home, but just to have a place that's theirs. And I realized I have a really good vibe about her, and of course, I've I'm going to do, like, background checks and everything. But I have, I have this whole second floor of my house that's like, not doing anything. Yeah. So I talked to her about them bartering landscaping and housekeeping for in exchange for free rent. And they're like, they love it, and so it's a way to save me cash. And I mean, I'm spending hundreds of dollars a month on landscaping, even though I own a lawnmower that I can't drive, so things like that. I just thought this is very different, and Never in all my life would I have considered this, but I have all this square footage upstairs, and I'm converting it into something that's saving me hundreds and hundreds of dollars a month and giving me the infrastructure help that I know the lawn is going to be cut, and I know that the house is going to be clean, and it's just going to Give me so much more mental load relief, because I need to do things that nobody else can do. And so I just started to think like, very, I don't want to say ruthless, as in no integrity, but I started to think about like, being very aggressive about removing mental load so that I can do my my stuff. And I never would have thought of that, but they're both very happy with it, and they have privacy upstairs. I have privacy downstairs. And just the idea of having all these infrastructure things and heavy lifting things done without having to spend hundreds of dollars a month. Oh, my God. I just think this is going to give me so much more ability to get out of overwhelm.

[920:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yeah, just be just, just be cautious and look into who these people are first. Because, Oh,

[921:34] Robin Ernst: for sure, I'm going to do my realtor's going to run a background check and go ahead and tell me any other things you think I need to address.

[923:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I would put in writing just kind of what their responsibilities are. And I would, I would come up with a few more responsibilities that maybe match the going value of what their rent is as well. Come up with a few of those things that way, it's a good economical thing. That way, they're not taking advantage of you as well, because I put myself into those situations where I've been taking advantage of that way. So it's just something we want to be cautious of as well.

[932:28] Robin Ernst: Oh yeah, I agree with all that. The only reason I'm bringing it up in this meeting is like, for the first time in who knows, how long ever I'm not letting caution keeping me from, you know, pursuing the possibility. And I just feel like I just need to, I need to do things differently that I can't keep doing the same thing. And, you know, I'm going to have my realtor run, like, the same background check they run on all their tenants. Yeah, and like you said, get things in writing. I don't want to do a lease because I don't want them to have like, that much leverage over part of my actual home. It's not like a separate rental, but I do want to have a list of an agreement of like, these are the services, and this is the rent, and this is how they offset each other.

[947:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is actually a great question for chat. GPT, right here, I'm letting some people I

[952:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me see, I was able to negotiate multiple things with our insurance and all of that through using chat GPT and make sure that I didn't get screwed by roofers and stuff like that. I found out it was common practice when when roofers are doing work on that, where they take all the money and they agree to, like, do all the work. Well, I didn't want them to do that, so I came up with chat. GBT gave me scripts as far as exactly what to say to kind of prevent that and all that. Okay, and you're in Texas too, right?

[963:13] Robin Ernst: I am, yeah, okay, Houston area,

[964:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, let's see just a

[964:38] Robin Ernst: three hour drive to Austin. It's amazing how connected everything is. I'm actually going to be in Austin in January. Okay, maybe we could have coffee or something.

[968:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you come out to George Georgetown, could stop by 309, could have my wife come out. The kiddos always love to play out there. It's a little cold right now. It's important Let me see.

[975:32] Robin Ernst: The other thing I feel good about is my studio was a separate building with a separate key. So like all my business stuff and business equipment is never going to be available to accessible to anybody but me. Yeah, so that feels wise.

[979:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Couple of things. Not having a lease doesn't usually mean no rights if somebody moves in, especially if they pay you get mail there, they can still look like a tenant under state law, and you may still need to do formal removal, eviction, letting somebody live with you doesn't give them ownership. The squatter owns the house. Fear is usually misplaced. It can create occupancy tenant rights to make it harder to remove them quickly, month to month. Room rental lodger agreement, interesting. So, a lodging agreement,

[989:00] Robin Ernst: okay, you're talking about the mail part. And I've had thought, I don't want them to get their mail here. They need to get a PO box or something,

[990:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: fixed term temporary stay. So fixed term, temporary stay agreement that doesn't auto renew, so it needs to be renegotiated each time that the term is completed. That's good, good advice.

[994:29] Robin Ernst: Okay, take a screenshot. Hold on, just a second. This is really great. Thank you.

[996:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, used Yeah. Then this is and this is pulling up great like, legal advice that's out there, used when framed as revoked, revocable permission, not exclusive possession. They have permission to occupy, so you get their full names. Let me just copy this into Voxer, and I'll send it to you.

[1001:51] Robin Ernst: Well. Thank you very much.

[1002:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, this is good, yeah, ending a month to month tenancy usually requires notice. It's rent paying period. So, yeah, they're not necessarily paying rent. So that's the other thing. Clear, move out, process, written method, behavior, enforcement. You definitely want to put that in writing, behaviors that would be immediate removal from the property, no additional occupant, all that type of stuff like that.

[1011:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yeah, I'll send this over to you. And again, these are just, these are some of the great ways, because now you didn't have, you don't have to hire an attorney to give you all those answers.

[1016:10] Robin Ernst: Yeah, that's great.

[1016:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me just send that over to you privately.

[1019:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, great ideas. David knows a lot about how some of those things can go right or wrong in some of those ways, don't you?

[1021:08] David T: Yep, I do. So

[1021:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: just good to protect yourself. Yeah,

[1022:32] Robin Ernst: for sure, everything

[1022:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: starts with great intentions, and then you could have one bad week, and it just goes downhill from there, like you could be the best situation, and then one bad week turns it into, like the nightmare from hell. So, yeah, without having just everything spelled out up front,

[1028:52] Robin Ernst: important, no, I agree. I agree,

[1029:56] David T: yeah, pretty much need to cover everything,

[1030:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a license to occupy agreement, is what it's suggesting. So you're giving them there's

[1033:26] David T: actually something I never heard of before, like that, you know,

[1034:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's interesting,

[1034:49] David T: different than rent or lease. It's kind of like,

[1035:44] Robin Ernst: well, yeah, BNB, you could rent just a room, not the whole house, and so, sort of like that. But I had a I had a friend, two friends recommend this to me, and the first, first one out, kind of listen the second one. I thought, That's nuts. But then I just thought, well, let's just consider it. I just had a good intuition feeling about it, and the idea of somebody being able to do heavy lifting for me and take care of stuff that's been like such mental load and physically just too heavy for me to do. Yeah, so I'm willing to consider it, and I realize it might sound like extremely risky, and I

[1048:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: will tell you I had the world's like most nightmare scenario that I went through. So that's why I'm more that. I mean the guy, the guy was running like multiple drug and prostitution things through my house, so,

[1051:39] Robin Ernst: oh, my god,

[1052:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: while I was at work, yeah, it's crazy. This is like, 15 years ago. I'm just like, oh, everybody's trustworthy, and I can trust everybody. And just like, gave them just full free rate and all that, like it was bad. He they, he got evicted by the landlord while I was at work, and we had to be out within three days. And I and I'm like, I don't know why we got evicted. I had no clue what happened. Wow. So what I knew is that we would throw parties sometimes at night, and those were really fun, and I could meet a lot of people, and that's all I knew. I didn't realize how that came about,

[1064:58] David T: something sometimes the things you don't know will hurt you.

[1065:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was very innocently, like, just wanting to kind of have fun and meet people, and it turned into like, oh, like, the local police were, like, investigating, like, this crazy, like, they were calling me, like, the big kingpin of it, because my name was on everything, and I literally, legitimately, I was telling the police, I'm like, I have no clue what's going on. And they're like, sure you don't. I'm like, I really don't. I don't. So I didn't, I had no clue. But now it's like, okay, the the red flags were there. So again, this was like, 15 This was 15 years ago. No, 17 years ago. Yeah, that's all,

[1077:26] Robin Ernst: thanks for looking out for me. You know, I have,

[1078:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a crazy story. I feel like everybody's like, my goodness, like, but, yeah,

[1081:01] David T: crazy stuff. Yeah, I got some good things to do here.

[1082:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm great, awesome. Go

[1083:06] David T: ahead and get the rest of my day going here.

[1083:58] Robin Ernst: Hey, David, I wonder if you might have a referral. Is there a like, a service bureau or something for credit issues, like, I have a credit card where I've paid on time every month for a year and a half, and they've lowered my limit, thereby raising my utilization there, by raising my credit, lowering my credit score, and I've requested that they raise it, but because I'm between jobs, they're, they're not going to put it back where it was right now, but like, I'm doing all the right things, but it has, really, it's dropped my credit like 38 points, because it looks like I'm using way too much of the way too much of the available credit line.

[1096:11] David T: Yeah, I don't think, I don't think you're going to be able to get them to turn it back on. I've had that happen to me before. I think my solution would be just to get another account. Yeah, which is going to hit which is going to hit you, obviously, for opening a new account, but if you haven't opened any in a while, it shouldn't be much,

[1100:20] Robin Ernst: yeah, okay, yeah, that's true. Okay, well, I'm good with that. I just it felt very unfair because they artificially

[1102:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: open up a new account. Kind of raise your limits on a few other cards you have. Yeah, yeah,

[1103:59] David T: that's what I would do. Yeah?

[1104:24] Robin Ernst: Okay, thank you. Yeah,

[1104:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're welcome. I just sent you kind of a draft agreement too, that chat GPT generated for me. So I sent you a bunch of stuff in boxer that, Scott, that'll help you with this renter situation.

[1107:51] Robin Ernst: Thank you, yeah, yeah,

[1108:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: you bet. All right, I'm well, I gotta get going. The family is waiting up for me. So, okay, thanks, guys, let's stay stay in touch. Let's stay connected. Let's keep the momentum going.

[1111:55] Robin Ernst: Let's do it. Let's all right, but you.

