VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-10-21T22:31:20.000Z
Duration: 54 min
Otter ID: CU_UTHqYVcQKikVhytwVdgEEy0Q
---

[2:21] Speaker 0: Right.

[4:38] Speaker 0: Hey, what's up? David, how you doing? Can you hear me?

[7:05] Speaker 0: There I am. There you are. What's up? Man? How are you unprepared? That's okay.

[10:18] Speaker 1: Actually, I gotta get I did see that reminder come through. I have to go dig through my email. I'm trying to get down to where that where it was when it came through. I have had my daughters. I remember I told you about my daughter? Yeah, well, they got evicted. Oh, man, for causing disturbances, complaints from the neighbors. I went there last Thursday, I think it was had a meeting. Manager asked just meet me, because I'm the guarantor, guarantor and

[18:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: the two, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it is your responsibility for sure. And they said,

[19:35] Speaker 1: We will let you. We will if they agree, voluntary to voluntary, voluntarily to leave by Sunday night, right? There will be no fees, no prorated, just leave, yeah, because if we have to evict them, then the policies will come in and you're going to be

[24:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: paying right, yeah. And it goes through, it has to go through court and everything. I had this similar thing happen to me. I had a roommate who was running a bunch of he was doing drugs and all this and stuff while I was at work, and we got kicked out of a house. I, like, I got notified, like, without any warning, that we had to move in three days or they were going to evict us. So this was, like, 15 years ago. Obviously, I know the situation. I was not picking my friends very well back then. This is some random guy I found off a Craigslist. He was just allowed for some buddy that he could turn it into his own little trap house or something.

[35:55] Speaker 1: Oh, boy, yeah. So it was interesting because we they signed a 12 month lease, and the first month was free, and then they paid. Well they were supposed to pay in October, I paid, but they still owe me, like, 500 bucks for October. They just my daughter never did get a job. I mean, not one day anything. She quit her job. Like, what

[41:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it? What does it do to you? Because on the out, on the outside, you seem pretty, pretty calm, cool, collected, all that. But what does it do to like your your focus and mental stamina, my

[44:39] Speaker 1: focus was definitely thrown off guard from Thursday through early this week, because obviously, well, he's also, he also was arrested, yeah, so I had to bail him out or he wouldn't be able to work. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, just found out that I how that works. He's gonna have to pay me back because I'm out the 500 bucks. You know, I was only 500 that's good. Was 10% of the $5,000 bond. Yeah, went to a bail bond anyway. So, so here I'm thinking, okay, so they don't have any money. They have no money. They have nowhere to go. They've burned through all their friends. I mean, they're going to be out on the street, you know?

[55:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, it's time for some kind of some tough reality.

[56:31] Speaker 1: How old are they? 19 and 20?

[57:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, it's time to to in reality. They're acting like little kids in a grown up world, and they have shown that they cannot be trusted to be out there in the real world and handle it on their own. And they, you know, the alternative is, either they, they're, they're with you, or they gotta, they're gonna be on the street.

[64:42] Speaker 1: Yeah, they they can't be with me. I cannot have her living with me. It was a complete disaster not happening. I promised her, Shauna, my roommate, I am

[66:56] Speaker 0: not bringing her here. Yeah, it sucks. Where are they? Where are they going to be? Well, so I

[68:07] Speaker 1: ended up putting them up in a Super Eight. This will be the third night, tonight, tomorrow. She says she has a place to go with a friend. Yeah, in a rent them a room. I told her, I because I, because I put money up to put Get him, get him into this place. They still owe me for the deposit

[72:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: now for the application. It's like, at that point, because it's like, okay, this is gone even beyond. It's like, sometimes, so sometimes

[75:53] Speaker 1: I spent money to get them a mattress, to get them supplies from because they had nothing, you know, I bought them well,

[77:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's what I was saying. So they, it comes a point where it's like they might need to experience some time. Offer consequences.

[80:24] Speaker 1: Well, that's, that's what I've told them when I wasn't when I visited them a couple days ago, I said, I do like money to put you into another place. It's not happening. So you figure out where to live, you know, if you, if you need a ride to go for a job interview, I'll do that. Yeah, I am not going to spend more money. Yeah, you know.

[85:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it sounds like,

[86:25] Speaker 0: because there's so many,

[87:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's so many resources out there for helping counsel and deal with the mental health stuff that they're probably going through.

[90:03] Speaker 1: Well, the other thing too, you know, she had snap, and she went and she ignored the requirement to upload her pay stubs, so they canceled her snap. Now she has to reapply.

[93:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So why do you think that is? Why do you think she keeps doing that she

[94:15] Speaker 1: this has been a this has been a consistent behavior pattern of her since she was in middle school. Yeah, she just won't take responsibility do things. So it's kind of one of these things. I mean, I need to wash my hands. I feel bad that she's out there. I mean, she can't function if she doesn't have, say, a place to live. How's she going to work somewhere? Who's I mean, she's going to smell. It's just not going to work, you know.

[100:16] Speaker 0: Yeah. So

[101:04] Speaker 1: tomorrow she tells me they have a place to go, yeah, that's it. I told her, I don't have any more money. Yeah, it's it's over, and she has a dog. I said, you don't need a dog right now. You cannot take care of a dog. Yeah, you should be working two jobs.

[105:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I hear the frustration in your voice, and for good reason. Yeah, anybody will be frustrated. I think you're holding it together pretty well, actually, just by all comparison.

[109:15] Speaker 1: And on a different note, not related to my project here I'm working on with you. But you know, of course, I've been unemployed for three weeks now, which, yeah, hasn't made me panic yet, but I put a Facebook post up on a group that I'm in of business owners who are in the work in the business that I'm that I'm in, you know, the MSP world. And I started getting DM messages, right and left people interested in hiring me. So, yeah, okay, I've had some good conversation. So the pressure on the money flow is starting to ease, and so that's good. I haven't got as much done on this stuff that I wanted to but I did go through and went through my Facebook Ads account and got all my domains added that I potentially might want to use. Oh, good pages, because I know that they have to be verified. Yeah, awesome. I did that, and I haven't. And I went to a Maria went event last weekend down in California. So I was, I've been kind of doing all kinds of things here, and I haven't been That's

[125:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, you told me about that, yeah, you told me about that. And you live where? Again,

[126:48] Speaker 1: I live in Tennessee. So I

[127:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tennessee, I happen to get I always think you live in California,

[128:09] Speaker 1: yeah, but maybe I should just go back. You know, I

[129:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: feel like, I feel like you got the, I feel like you got the California vibe.

[130:41] Speaker 1: Well, one of the guys that I connected with on this Facebook post asked me if I'd moved to San Diego, he'd hire me.

[132:17] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[133:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fun, all right, well, and I think yesterday's training was really good. I don't know if you got to hear it in the group, but I

[135:51] Speaker 1: did hear some of it. Yeah, I was

[136:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about just, like, just a powerful thing strategy where it kind of combines a little bit of the techniques of, like, stoicism and stuff like that. And have you, have you said anything like on stoicism at

[140:08] Speaker 1: all? I'm slightly familiar with stoicism, a little bit.

[140:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's just kind of like, it's sort of a mental model for, like, feeling confident and getting shit done when everything is going wrong in your life,

[145:17] Speaker 1: which is kind of look into it more,

[145:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, like, that's kind of what it is. Because it's sort of like, it's like, okay. The premise is, like, Okay, you could either be like, in the dumps, or you can be in the palace. And, by the way, like the two main writers of stoicism, Marcus Aurelius, who was emperor of Rome, and then Epictetus, was actually a prisoner who wrote a lot from prison. So literally, the writings are like, you could either be emperor of Rome or you could be in prison and still have like, the same level of confidence and like, internal strength. Yeah, get stuff done, because you internally become unshakable by the outside world. So that's kind of the concepts of that. One of the best, right? I am modern writers on stoicism is Ryan Holiday

[159:19] Speaker 1: Ryan Holly seems like that may have, I may have. I ran across that name before,

[160:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, Ryan Holiday, he's taken a lot of the information. He's got a lot of great videos on it, just, just on YouTube, if you like, go on YouTube and watch some, some good videos on that topic. Are really, really good, really powerful. Does he have

[164:31] Speaker 1: a book called discipline is destiny?

[165:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yeah.

[165:20] Speaker 1: Okay. I found his West Wing right holiday.net

[166:11] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's one of them. Yeah.

[166:44] Speaker 1: So he's probably got his videos linked in here somewhere too, but, yeah, good.

[167:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's kind of the part of the foundation. What I was talking about yesterday sort of comes from that. But then the other side is it's like being able to kind of feel our emotions, because when it comes to when it comes to marketing, when it comes to sales, I actually talked with my mom about this this morning, when it comes to marketing and sales, there's a there's a highly creative, emotional intuition aspect of it, but you sort of have to be able to tap into those, like Highs, ups and downs of emotion to market really well. And if you kind of suppress that too much, you sort of lose the ability to be really great at marketing, whereas if you let the highs and lows of emotion go run wild, so there's sort of like a how do you hold these two things? You have, like, the stoicism side of things, and then you have, like, you can still feel the emotions very strongly and help them guide you. That's what I was talking about on the sustain part of this from, yes, okay, was where you sort of shift, like, the baseline of like, okay, you look at reality like, you know, your daughter's like that, right? She's been like that. It it, it gets to the point where it's like, it's not gonna it doesn't surprise you anymore, because that's literally just how she's always been, yeah. And it's not something that just sort of like, okay, like she's doing this again and but I'm not going to let it affect my focus, my drive, my and I know that sounds, that sounds easy for me to say from over here, but I have my own kind of versions of that on my side of the world that I deal with and and so I mean a big thing, like we found out my wife's parents weren't paying their rent for six months. Oh, wow. So we're having to pay their rent, and double rent every month for her parents, yeah, for the last six months. And so all of the extra money that I've had to invest or grow my business, and all that is pretty much kind of going to

[201:47] Speaker 1: them leaking out the side over here. Yeah,

[202:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so, but like, I've been able to make it through. I've been able to sustain all of that. And it's been really a powerful journey to learn to not like let those things derail me from my focus or my goals, because I could let them, and yet they don't necessarily, you know, have to. So let's, let's take a look at your kind of what you have. Let's go back to what we're talking about. Last week. You're talking about, you had the AI offer? Yeah, that was that affiliate offer. Yeah, I saw somebody promoting a similar offer. What they did was they actually, they actually created a bunch of the different like, AI assets of themselves, and made the landing page kind of as if, like it was again, it was their offer that they were promoting, right? But then you could tell they were promoting the same one that you have. So I was collaborating, but they were using themselves. They took ownership of it to where the landing page was all about, like that. They had created an offer on doing AI stuff like this. So I thought that that was really powerful, because they took ownership over the presentation of it. Oh, that's kind of cool by doing that.

[221:27] Speaker 1: So I guess I need to go and take some photos of myself and train the AI to me, yeah, what I am. I

[222:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: think there'll be a powerful thing, because you'll also be able to to sell it better once you do that, yeah, taking some time to go play around with the tools,

[225:12] Speaker 1: make some little eight second clips you know, that are out there.

[226:08] Speaker 0: And now with with Sora two, that's really crazy, being able to do it like, like, with you yourself inside the app.

[230:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the other thing is, is like, okay, you know that you're going to have these different ebbs and flows in your life. You got your your work stuff that you're doing, you got the business stuff, you got the

[234:09] Speaker 0: personal stuff.

[234:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's a framework that we could create? Let's, like, take a step back, and here's something I like to do. Like, imagine that you're not you, but you're somebody else. Okay, just for a quick second. Like, imagine that you're kind of looking for the outside, looking in at David and doing so compared. Passionately, not judgmentally, not any way that, like, you know, doing so in, like a kind way. It's kind of like, okay, what can David do to kind of get more of this business stuff done every, every single day? What's one thing that you could shift and adjust to get more of the business stuff done.

[247:45] Speaker 1: One thing I've thought of is, right now I don't have a set schedule, okay, so what I need to do is map out a rough estimate of that day and set

[251:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: it like, even like from morning to night. Like, you don't have a, I mean,

[252:07] Speaker 1: yeah, I mean, I have things I'm gonna do, but I don't have a thing I'm gonna do this until this time, and then I'll stop and move to something else and maybe get back to it, you know,

[254:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that'll that'll be important setting specific, like, kind of start and stop, times and and when to get things, certain things done, and it'll be a constraint that, like, it'll it'll help you to be able to stay on track with things.

[258:31] Speaker 1: You know, the last weekend is when I have my weekends, or my or my open time, and I was hoping my plan was to do some of this, like creative stuff over the weekend, because it takes me a while to get into the head, game, or the mindset. And then with all this stuff happening to my daughter, it just threw me so far off. I was even, not even, couldn't really, yeah, wasn't in the head space to even go back into it, you know. And then we comes along, and then, you know, oh, I didn't get it done. I Yeah, you know. So then you got, you're fighting that you

[266:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually do, to get into the mindset of the business stuff,

[267:27] Speaker 1: that's a good question, because I've, I don't know that I have a good routine to do that right now.

[268:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so even just figuring out kind of what you naturally and organically gravitate towards, Mm, hmm, what I started to do? Because it used to take me a long time to get into the mindset of what to do in my business. Yeah, one thing that I know is setting, like, really tight, strict deadlines helps me a lot. Because, like, if I have a lot of open time, I find that I have trouble focusing myself, and then, like, I'm like, really focused for the last hour before I have to do something. So like, the last hour before I hopped on this call, I got a ton done this afternoon. Okay, you know, whereas, like, I and, but, and I kind of like, wasted like a half hour beforehand that I could have been getting stuff done, because I was just kind of, like, not really into

[282:45] Speaker 1: it. Well, yesterday, it was interesting. I went into my garage and moved a bunch of stuff around, because there's some things I want to sell, and they were, like, stuck behind a car that I where I couldn't get to them, so I had to pull that car out that we never move, you know, and move things around. And then today, I was trying to go through my daughter's stuff that she has in a big, huge box. Apparently, they never do laundry over there, because I'm gonna have to wash it all before I give it all before I give it back to her. You know. I'm wondering, What in the world are these people wearing?

[290:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just laugh at it. Now at this point, you know, you know,

[291:19] Speaker 1: that kind of stuff I can easily get myself into, because it's doesn't take any brain power, you know. I just know what to do, you know. Yeah, so the stuff that takes more brainpower and thinking, I tend to avoid, or it gets pushed aside, and I start to pick up.

[295:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: The stuff that takes less brainpower I have the hardest time doing. Oh, really, yeah, the stuff that takes a lot of brainpower, I'm like, on it so easily. It's just my I think my personality, like, I have to really, like, yeah, like, work hard to get, like, the more like, mindless stuff done.

[300:33] Speaker 0: No, okay, I

[301:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: every, every night I was cleaning up our house, doing the dishes and everything after the kids go to bed, and I had the hardest time focusing doing that. So I just started going to bed with the house dirty, just leaving it Yeah, but then I would wake up at four in the morning and I'd get it done so much faster. Oh, wow. So I started doing that. So now I'm just, like, sleeping an extra two hours, and I'm, oh, wow. I'm getting just feel a lot happier. That's awesome. I'm getting up at 4am but I'm going to bed at like 9pm so, so we've got like seven hours of sleep, whereas I was going to bed at like one two in the morning and getting up at 5am

[312:36] Speaker 1: Oh, wow, that that'll catch up trying to get everything done

[313:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: at night would take me four or five hours, whereas I get it done an hour and a Half in the morning.

[314:54] Speaker 1: Okay, so just that sound of energy, yeah, sit down and think how I work, and what would be a shift for my energy maybe. Yeah, energy management is when it comes to doing the things that I need to be working on. You know, yep, I feel like one thing that I do want to do, even if I'm not off making you. An actual sale is to start building a list, even if it's something free, like, yes, the free thing could lead I was I was thinking, here's my favorite list of current AI twin, whatever tools I'll think of something give them a list all with the affiliate links embedded in there. So if they buy one, I'll make money, and I'll tell them why I like each of them that way. I get the email address. I'm not sending directly to a page where I'm not capturing their email address, and I'm adding value by giving them a rundown of what may be the best option for them to purchase if they're interested in learning that stuff, you know, right? Because I have access to several of them, you know, and I they're each good for different things.

[331:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think that that's a great, I think that that's a great approach to be able to do that. Because, again, part of it's just getting that momentum going,

[333:44] Speaker 1: just getting something running, you know, even $5 a day, just just to start building something, and start building a list, you know, and not worrying about, I mean, if you're going to be selling a product and trying to collect money, the sales pitches can be a lot more important than if you're just giving something away for free, I would imagine, because there's less risk. I mean, here's here's what I found, this is trying to separate people from their money.

[340:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, and that might be something to think about too. Is kind of how you think about like when you're selling something to people that they have to pay for. I never look at it like I'm trying to necessarily separate people from their money. I look at it as, like, just the value that I'm providing is

[344:55] Speaker 1: worth absolutely, yeah, if you can value is so much more than what you're asking for, it'll be like, a no brainer, yeah? But it is, it is, I think

[347:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is never. I've never, I've never been the type where I can sell something that I don't like, believe that it's

[348:21] Speaker 1: valuable. Yeah, I don't like doing that either. I have, I have a hard time just whether the person uses

[349:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it or not is not necessarily on me. Like, um, you know, and I've had that where, like, people didn't use it, or they didn't apply it, and then they, they, they're like, well, it didn't work for me. And I'm like, Yeah, but you didn't do anything

[354:39] Speaker 1: with it either. Did you? Did you work it? It didn't work for you, but did you work it? Yeah.

[356:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'll have people, they'll come in and they'll say, Well, you didn't help me good enough to work it. I'm like, Well, I think, I think I did pretty good. I just, I think you had some other things blocking you from it. Yeah,

[359:20] Speaker 1: what are the blocks? That's a good thing to look into. That's what we're just talking about.

[360:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that's so, that's where, like, again, I've told you this, I think you kind of know what to do. It's like working through, getting you to do that momentum. And I'm starting to see like, more momentum going with you. I'm starting to see even, like a little, just a little bit more momentum. Let's see, like, how we can increase that even just a little bit more to where, just, like, turn it up just a little bit more by finding that routine. So like, so like, if you could write that down, like, find the routine that works for me, find where my energy works best, or I can show up with the best energy. And then how do I, even when I'm in the midst of doing all this stuff with my kids and dealing with my my job and all of that. What this is doing is you are right now in a I might not seem like it right now, but what you're doing is you're developing skills that will last you to where it's like, if you can get stuff done in this environment, where it's like, everything is not the most optimal you can get things done in any environment.

[381:49] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's true. And

[382:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: developing the skill to get things done while everything's not going necessarily how you want it to the most, yeah, is going to be powerful.

[386:05] Speaker 1: That's yeah, I gotta sit with that, because that is actually really insightful and very true

[387:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: and and then you go to a place where it's like, you can start to appreciate, not always, but like, because, again, I'm not negating how hard the situations you're going through are, but you can appreciate the opportunity To learn some new skills during the hard season. Yeah, you can appreciate the chance that, okay, this, like, here's what I look for. Okay, this season's hard, so I want to get a return on this hard investment. I want to score. Squeeze something personal out of how hard this time is. This is a tough season, so I want to make sure that I actually learn something from this season instead of end up in it again.

[403:56] Speaker 1: And yeah, because the lessons you don't learn now, they come around again and again until you do learn them, so you can elevate to the next

[405:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: and and I think the toughest thing is, is that we we have patterns of how we've always done things in our lives, right, how we've always shown up in business. It takes and again, you're not going to rip the band aid off and like, change your personality overnight entirely of who you are. And when I say personality, like, I look at it like how. Dr Joe Dispenza says it. Dr Joe Dispenza describes personality as a feeling that turns into a belief that turns into a habit, and now that habit turns into a long term personality, yeah, and that's literally like, how he says he's like, you'd be surprised how people, they lose it, they they can lose a job, and then that frustration now turns into habits that then turn into beliefs that then turn into a personality that they wouldn't have had had they lost that job, and it literally life events end up shifting our personality all the time, turning us into somebody that we don't want to be. What if you flip that on your head and turn yourself into somebody that you do want to be? And I think that like that, that's a powerful way to look at it is like, okay, there are going to be some, some shifts in in David, David Joel, who you are right now. There's a there's a version of you in the future. This is kind of like Ed mylett says this, there's a there's always a version of us in the future that we end up developing, designing, creating, and Tony Robbins talks about this too. There's a version of us that we can either choose to never meet in our lives, yeah, or we can choose to become that person which is going to be a different person than you are today. That's actually,

[441:42] Speaker 1: I like that,

[442:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, is it? There's a different version of you that's actually a different person than you are today, and he lives in the future potentially.

[444:25] Speaker 1: If I look back on my life, I can see, yeah, I've done that, have created that. And if I one, can

[446:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: all look back on our life and see that there's a different version of us than we were 510, 20 years ago. Yeah, and, and sometimes that happens by default life, just kind of we go with the flow, and it kind of does that, but we can actually control that. That's actually the one thing that we can control in life constantly, is molding and changing who we are. Yeah, not to be who other people want us to be, but rather, who do we want to be?

[454:26] Speaker 1: I know for me, the biggest pivot for me ever was when I went to landmark forum in 2011 Yeah, a lot of things changed for me in 2011 and when I went to this last thing here a couple years ago, was Shonda Sumpter, the leader, hardcore leadership thing. Yeah, dialed it in more. But the the shift was more noticeable back then.

[460:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then the landmark usually has a pretty big shift. I went, I went to landmark as well back in 2017 it's interesting. What I've discovered is I've sort of built on that to create, like, a deeper version that's a bit more of, like, a higher performing version, yeah. Um, I found, like, some of the landmark stuff I found sort of led me to, like, justify certain things a little more. But, yeah, no, it was. It's got some good information for sure. Did you go through the advanced one or just I did

[471:36] Speaker 1: not go through the advanced one, the main one too. I went the main one. But to me, the biggest shift for me was that I was basing my life on fear, living out of a Yeah, core of fear. Fear Factor was dictating all my decisions.

[476:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so and, and I can tell now like that's not who you are right now. Yeah, fear is running your life. No, it's not.

[481:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, as a as a coach, like, if I can see maybe one thing would be like, I think sometimes you're a little more calculated than you need to be, okay, and you could move more into that intuitive kind of like, okay, I take action in a messy way a little bit, and, yeah, and actually, I like, think it think of this. This is that's actually, this is very powerful, right here. I just, I just thought of something you're your your your daughter, your kids, you have two of them, right? I do have two. Yeah, yeah. They're living those their lives in such a messy way that's just extreme, right? When I say, be a little bit more messy, I'm not talking about going to the extreme

[495:54] Speaker 1: or there no not doing that. Yeah, no,

[496:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it's like, by the flip side of it, sometimes we can sort of get like, so calculated where we we do and what I noticed, like, you get calculated, and then you, you go all in into something, and then do it, and then you kind of stall out a little bit as you kind of go into those things, and so sort of like just creating a flow where you have more fun with the process. And you like a building in your business, you just make it more like, I'm just going to experiment more. I'm just going to try some things out more and see what happens.

[506:58] Speaker 0: Yeah, and you

[507:21] Speaker 1: know, one of the things, one of the things kind of held me back a little bit, is, once I lost this job, I'm thinking, okay, now I gotta preserve cash, you know, I don't want to start spending more money. But then yesterday, when I made that Facebook post, I started getting all these inquiries. I met one guy that wants to hire me on a contract basis for like, 15 or 20 hours a week, and I'm told him, I'd do it for 100 bucks an hour. He said, That's fine, great, you know. So that kind of warnings, some of that financial, yeah, I've got some other people already interested in doing the same thing. So, yeah, and that's powerful. And so I could set up side, you know, half of my day to do that, just for cash flow, and then the rest of my other part of my productive day, I could then not fear that, you know, the little bit of money I'm going to be spending on ads or something is going to reduce my capital that I have available here more quickly, and I got to pay rent next month,

[521:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, yeah, yeah, no, I think that's really good. And I think that that's and

[522:46] Speaker 1: I have been kind of, I mean, I had made some some I had taken some actions to try to get some leads, but so far, it's been kind of slow, and I've at the back of my mind. I was always thinking, I need to put a post in one of these Facebook groups, because I've seen other people do it, and the responses have usually been pretty good, you know, yeah. And I didn't bam. I mean, within two hours, I had like, three or four conversations going, wow.

[530:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, like, just like that, like, if you can borrow from even some of that momentum, yeah, and then shift it into, like, what you're doing with your business, right? If you have this, you have this idea

[532:55] Speaker 1: of, let me have one offer up, and just let one offer start. I mean, even if I'm not selling anything right at the first because that, because just see the build the list, building now I'm building an audience that I can start trying to

[536:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: build your confidence too, in what you're doing, right? There's that. And then that level of confidence that gets built then translates as you start to move things forward, right? So I think, like, I think, like, That's powerful. Like, that was a mood shifter for sure, yep, it was, Yep, yeah, posting in that group and doing that, it kind of kind of broke you out of the sort of the norm of how you would do things a little bit, right? And it's like that sort of, that activity, that behavior, is what we as what I'll tell you, that's what creates that. That's what creates millionaires. That's a that's a million dollar type of behavior. Everybody in life eventually does certain behaviors that would make them, like, extremely wealthy over time. What people that are millionaires do differently. Multi millionaires do differently in their businesses and in their life is they just, they're not just moments in time where, okay, I had one moment where I did that. They do it all the time, and it's, and it's like, okay, it's, it can be it's, it's risky you're doing like stuff like that, but like, when you're just kind of following you like, Okay, I have a I have a hunch to do this, and you follow a hunch to do something, and then you and then you get it going, and you get it. Out there, and we don't delay, we don't stall on it. I mean, this is and by the way, I'm, like, preaching to myself right now. I have a new Instagram ads class that I've been sort of delaying. I'm getting ready tomorrow. I need to literally just press record for 30 minutes and record the damn thing. Yeah, I have, I have the everything ready to do the recording, yeah? Now I got everything ready on Saturday, so it's, it's gonna be Wednesday. Now I could have done it yesterday, right? Done it today. I told my team I was gonna get it ready today. I actually, because I have a team of like three people that work for me, yeah? And I actually told them on Saturday, and they kind of got thrown off a little bit by it, but I was like, It's okay. Like, it's okay, we'll, we'll do it. I was like, I need you to remind me every two days. Like, okay, did you get this done? Was this ready? I because I need you guys to hold me accountable to get this Yeah. And they did. And I was like, Oh, I didn't hit, hit it. So, like, it created this kind of like urgency,

[575:10] Speaker 1: just you saying that just reminded me of something I was at a event in Vegas a couple years ago where there was this guy that runs a virtual assistant agency. He lives in Vegas, but his people are in like, the Philippines or somewhere, yep. And he said one of the one of the services they offer is just like that is a personal assistant that helps you, yeah, things along, yep, you know, because people just don't get things done. And so this person helps organize. Helps organize your time and helps you move projects along that you should be doing but you're getting distracted.

[583:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's good, yep. Usually that would be like a project manager, yeah, type of a person, yeah, in, like, inside of companies, marketing departments always need a project manager. Mm, hmm. Anything related to marketing, because it's the biggest thing that you can stall on the most. Yeah. So, like, I'm telling you, we, we. One of my best experiences was there was a I would never work with them anymore, because they're, they're a little bit, little bit on, like, the cuckoo side of conservative Christianity, yeah. But like, you know what I mean. But I needed the money, and they were paying me, like, 7000 a month to literally run their marketing. So, okay, this was, like, back in 2018 after I'd like, stopped working with my mom. Oh, okay. And so they had the marketing team was like, 12 people. But the only thing that got that kept all 12 people marketing was this project manager that would check in with everybody each day to make sure they were doing their job right. And it was like, and then, like, we had the same thing when I was working with with Rick Pino. He was, he was just amazing to work with. He was such a great guy to build out his his worship coach program, right? We had this project manager that did the same thing, and she would follow up with Rick and then follow up with me to make sure we were getting our campaigns up and getting those things up and things like that with my mom's business. Even i i noticed, like, she, like, I sometimes kind of nudge her along to do these different campaigns, or they end up stalling, and they end up doing that. And so it's like, just having somebody who's like, A, they're, they're sort of driving the momentum forward, and they kind of, like, they keep pushing, they keep nudging, is really a powerful thing. Yeah, if you don't have that, how can you sort of do that for yourself? What's something that you could kind of create to do that? Well, I know chat GPT has reminders built into it. Oh, okay, they can remind you with a different message every three days to get something done. By the way, I should actually go into my chat GPT and set it up to do that for myself. Just to

[620:12] Speaker 1: I heard that today that chat, remember, they released a browser.

[621:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: They did I, which I think is powerful, because perplexity has a browser right, that does almost the same thing, but I think the chat GPT one is going to be better.

[623:27] Speaker 0: Yeah, interesting. Yeah, we'll see. I'll check into it.

[624:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You remind look here. I'm gonna. I'm actually gonna. I've never set this up in chat. GBT, so I never really thought of a good like reason for it. Can I me every two, three days,

[628:02] Speaker 0: mix it up.

[629:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: If I'm moving my marketing campaigns forward, for my lead magnets and landing pages come up with a unique message each time, so I don't ignore ignore them or get immune to them. Okay, watch, gonna go to how do you

[637:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: do this? Let me see. Let me see if it'll it'll grab on to it, doing this. Okay, I'm.

[640:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know this is a feature. User wants reminders with a unique message. Schedules, here we go. Can be scheduled to run again. Personalization, did

[645:44] Speaker 1: you go into settings or something over on the left side, yeah, I'm looking,

[648:15] Speaker 0: oh, I have tasks turned off. That's why. Okay, oh, no, that's different. I

[653:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so, yeah, so it's creating a task right here. Done. I'll check in on a mixed two to three day cadence with fresh, non repetitive nudges to move them along. So the next one will be here, the next one will be here. We'll do them offset, if you'd like, oh, so those are every day or so, but you put at least a two to three day gap between each one. You so look at what it is is it's literally like it has full instructions on what to do to automate this little reminder to me, okay? And it'll pop up in my app and everything. Okay? So that's really kind of cool.

[666:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, you know what this is actually, yeah, I could, I could

[668:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: just be built into chat GPT. It has that function, yeah.

[670:55] Speaker 0: So now I'll have that kind of going as well. That's cool.

[671:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow. So, we've talked about just some different strategies and stuff like that, for you to kind of move things forward. So what's your plan? Kind of go into the next week or so.

[676:15] Speaker 1: I want going, Yeah, I want to definitely, okay, so two things, I want to set up a framework so I'm got some certain times when I'm working on this project, rather than just letting it happen whenever it happens, because there's always something coming up.

[680:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And by the way, that's again, part of this whole, like sustain, slash stoicism type of a thing, there will always be something that will come up. Yeah, so let's work within those parameters. Instead of being surprised by that, just sort of expect it like there's always going to be something that's going to come up. There's always going to be a reason why you can't get it done right now, and what can you do to mitigate that? Think about it from a technical standpoint. You know, there's always going to be people trying to hack into servers or firewalls and things like that. So what do we do to mitigate that? We're we're not surprised by that fact anymore. It's just, it's just a part of being on the internet. So you got to set up things that mitigate those issues. There's always going to be downtime, and it'll always happen at two in the morning, when you least expect it. So what AWS went down? Yeah, right, exactly when AWS went down and took the whole internet down with it,

[700:28] Speaker 1: several things I was trying to do didn't work very well yesterday.

[701:23] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, that was, that was That was crazy.

[702:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I was working on X somebody, somebody was like, he did an AI photo of himself like he's like this, and said, AWS, got a new, new job at AWS. I'm just going to push a little update and go on go leave for the weekend.

[706:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, when I was when I'm working in my normal daytime field of it, one of our things is with Microsoft, 365 has hiccups. We start hearing about it almost immediately. You know, because everybody's using 365 email, pretty much for business. I mean, most people, so all of a sudden their email is not working, their teams isn't working. They can't access their files. Yeah, since all the file servers are being moved to the cloud and teams and SharePoint and all that, so

[716:10] Speaker 0: you're right. Don't

[717:34] Speaker 1: want that to go down. That gives the holdout. See, I knew I there was a reason I didn't go to the cloud.

[719:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well. Type of IT stuff do you focus on, usually,

[721:12] Speaker 1: server projects in either server, either local or cloud, email, Microsoft, 365 systems, all the stuff that's part of that. I don't know how familiar are with all 365

[724:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: but not how it's all set up or things like that. Not, not, no. I

[725:27] Speaker 1: mean, it's got email, it's got files, it's got team communications, it's got phones, phone communications, video, like zoom. I mean, all that stuff is built into it. You know, security,

[729:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I use Microsoft teams with my team, yeah. But you focus mainly just on the Microsoft stuff,

[731:37] Speaker 1: that's pretty much what everybody's using. I mean, there are some that are using Google, but honestly not that many. It's not in the enterprise or the business focused space, right? Google has gotten a lot better. I've looked into a little bit more. I do have a Google tenant as well for one of my domains, just so I can have access to a paid version of what people might be using. Yeah? So one of my email addresses on is on a Google workspace, but I'm actually using Zoho for my main primary server. It's really inexpensive and it's quite powerful.

[741:02] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[741:47] Speaker 1: awesome. And at work, I use 365 so I don't feel like I need one for my personal use. Yeah,

[744:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm amazed by there's this, there's this cloud

[746:08] Speaker 0: tool that I

[746:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: use for video gaming. Oh, where I log into a cloud through a device, and I'm actually accessing a computer on the server, but the the lag time is 20 milliseconds. Oh, okay, so it's virtually indistinguishable from being a local machine. You're using a virtual desktop of somebody, yeah, it's a virtual it's a virtual desktop that NVIDIA has, yeah, and but what it does, it gives you access, for 20 bucks a month, to the highest end gaming hardware. So you have the highest end gaming hardware. I have a handheld device. I can use it on. I can do it on my laptop

[757:19] Speaker 0: here. Oh, okay, and I can log

[758:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: into games that I already have that are PC games, and it literally is indistinguishable from it being on my local machine, as far as the responsiveness.

[761:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, I used to have a customer service for a long time in California that I rented a virtual server to on volter. Is the name of the company. That thing was so fast. I mean, I just it wasn't any slower than if I had it, I was just RDP ing into it through Microsoft Remote Desktop, and it was just like I was sitting right in front of it. That was no lag time.

[768:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm just, I'm just amazed, because I can literally run like, 4k graphics,

[770:24] Speaker 1: yeah, wow.

[770:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's, it says it's as if it's like, so just the server technology for virtual machines, and it's

[772:37] Speaker 1: only the ability to redraw the screen over a, you know, remote connection like that. So instantly, you know,

[774:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's only 20 bucks a month, and it's response. It's that responsive. Is

[775:20] Speaker 1: it running a Windows instance or something else? Yeah, yeah, it's running the window. It's running Windows, yep, Windows 11 or something.

[777:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what they do is they just spin up a machine that only has the like the one game attached

[779:46] Speaker 1: to it. Oh, okay, I wonder if they're doing a what do

[781:37] Speaker 1: they call that? An application server, where it just pushes the game out to your virtual session and everything else stays in the background. That's an application, remote application. Microsoft has a word for that.

[786:30] Speaker 0: What is that? Called?

[787:34] Speaker 1: Curious now, because you can set that up on a regular server too, but the way Nvidia would have it set up,

[789:43] Speaker 0: yeah. So this is what it is, remote application, GeForce Now

[791:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then you just get the app. You can get it on your phone too. It doesn't really run that great on the phone, though, but I have one of these. It's called the ROG ally. So it looks like this. It's a it's a gaming it's a full Windows computer on a handheld.

[796:15] Speaker 1: Okay, it's called Remote app. It makes remote applications on a server look like if they're running on your local PC. Okay, so you so basically, you're not, you're not logging into a an actual way. Windows environment with a start menu. It just pushes the applications to your existing computer. But it is a

[801:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: remote, yeah, yeah, yes, that's what this does. It just pushes one application, Yep, yeah, okay. And so you can on any device, but it has, like, the highest quality. I'm just amazed by the performance of it, yeah? 20 bucks a month right here, and you get, like, a full, like a machine that would cost you $3,000 to

[808:39] Speaker 1: build. Yeah, you just rent the rent the bandwidth you need. You know,

[810:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you do. You can do an eight hour session, completely. And then I think, how many hours do you get?

[812:04] Speaker 1: Oh, it's called GeForce Now, huh? Yeah,

[812:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's pretty incredible. The technology of it, wow, where a lot of, I think a lot of, that's a lot of gaming is just going to go all cloud, yeah, then you don't have to buy a big device and you just pay that, that low fee, yeah, I just

[817:05] Speaker 1: need some a little dumb terminal that can access the remote session, yeah? Well, we're going back to what computers were in the 70s, right? Whatever, you know, they were just, well, that's the thing, into a mainframe somewhere

[821:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: with computing, they all like, they expand, and then they contract, yeah, and then it evolves and morphs.

[823:19] Speaker 1: I mean, the PC really didn't come out until the 80s, you know, and that's when the computing power was brought to the local desktop. Before that, it was just terminal sessions, terminal devices that were connected to a computer somewhere else, right? That's basically what we're turning into.

[828:08] Speaker 0: Again, yep, that's it.

[829:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, hey, I think we could probably log off here. I think we're okay, good place, but this is good. I'm glad we got a chance to chance to talk, and then if you can just make sure to sign that that.

[832:45] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'll get over that. Yeah, they should send you. It's

[833:52] Speaker 1: closer to the top, top of my inbox. Now, since I did deleted a bunch of stuff from that folder earlier, I should be able to find it soon.

[835:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, awesome. I'll just have it send you another one, another reminder. All right, so, alrighty, I'll, uh, I'll see you, and you can reach out anytime you you want.

[839:13] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm going to be more I'm going to be more assertive. Yeah, what do we need to do

[840:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: to kind of interact a bit more through Voxer,

[841:36] Speaker 1: yeah, I think if I had my scheduled time where I'm focusing on this, then I would come up with things that I need to, you know, run by you versus doing it was just kind of running by the seat of my pants in some, in some ways.

[845:27] Speaker 0: Okay, so let's get that going, and then we'll, we'll check in on that. All right. So again, if you

[849:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we find okay. This the we're still struggling with that we want, what we want to do is want to kind of get to the root of what's, what's causing that, you know, because you can, you can, you can identify it, and you can, you can start to to shift that into okay. Like I said, it's shifting into who and how you want to you you want to be to reach those goals that you have, yeah, and that'll help you, yeah. So, alright, alright.

[857:20] Speaker 1: Well, you have a good one. We'll be in touch soon. Okay, take care.

[858:39] Speaker 0: Bye. Bye.

