Are Coaches Missing Out on MASSIVE Success by Being Too Cautious_
Date: 2025-09-29T17:06:20.000Z
Duration: 9 min
Otter ID: QcbvSkctaC-3QvrphJdqlaD-BbE
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: It was everybody. It's Jeremiah coming back to you with another video here in the self driving car. I want to talk about something that I've been working with my clients on in my coaching group, something that's a topic that comes up often, that they deal with that I think might help you. As I find that people with a lot of skill, a lot of talent, a lot of ability, they want to do things right, and they want to do things ethical, and they want to do things with integrity. And by the way, none of that's bad or wrong or anything like you should want to do that. Here's the problem, because of their need and desire for integrity, they also put an inordinate fear on people judging them, thinking that they're doing something wrong. And let me explain this. When it comes to selling your courses, your coaching programs online, you are going to have to paint a picture of the most positive outcome that somebody can have, and you want to, in your marketing do so as a straight shot to the overall outcome. So let's say that you're running a lead magnet. That's a free offer. You want to promise the ultimate outcome, even if somebody invested months and months or even years with you, you want to promise that outcome that only the top elite 1% of your clients get, which means there may be 98% of your paid clients. They sure they get results, but they not, might not get that ultimate result because of their own choices, their own decisions and things like that. In your marketing, you still want to present that ultimate result. You still want to present that final outcome as the path that you're helping people on. And here's the problem that I see a lot of coaches make. They they make a lead magnet, they make an offer of some kind, something that generate leads, and they're only focused on Well, in the lead magnet, I taught point number one, two and three about this topic. And so in their sales copy and in their marketing and what they talk about, they only talk about those little, tiny things that they teach in their lead magnet, and then here's what happens. People don't sign up for the lead magnet. You wonder why? Because it's not interesting. People don't want information. They want transformation. They want result. They want to know that they are going to get to an end result, outcome that is going to change and transform their life. And any coach who's worth their salt knows it takes more than just a 30 minute video to change and transform somebody's life. We all know that, and so sometimes coaches and mentors who desire integrity, desire to do the right thing, will literally hold themselves back from reaching the people that they are meant to reach, because they're only talking about the little, tiny thing in their lead magnet, and not the big picture of what working with them. If somebody became a client with them, if somebody followed the journey with them, if somebody went all the way through to the end with them, you know, if somebody works with me, and they go all the way through to the end of working with me, I can help them achieve eight figures in their business. Now, is every client that I have going to make eight figures? No, in fact, every client that I have doesn't even make six figures, because some of them literally will not do what I teach. And this lesson in this video is actually one of them. I meet a lot of coaches and mentors that will not and they make it an issue of integrity. They make it an issue of honesty, and it's not. But inside of them, they have something where they're afraid of the fraud police scrutinizing them, saying, Well, you you said I was going to be able to reach a six figure goal, and you only taught me the first step of how to get started, so you lied to me when you created an offer that promised that. No, that's completely ridiculous. And by the way, I've created hundreds of offers before, never had anybody come to me and say that ever because I explain it, I explain in the process, that what I'm going to teach you is the steps to get there, and that if you become a client of mine, I can walk you through the entire process of doing so. A single video like this is not going to make you a multimillionaire, but I will tell you this one concept of getting specific about the outcome, being bold, audacious, about what you promise people and promising the end result, the end result that they get to when they go all the way to the finish line with you, including paid coaching retreats, resources, courses, all of those things, even if it's just a 30 minute lead magnet you want to point a string. Shot in your sales copy, on your landing page, in your emails, in your marketing all the way to that end outcome, and that, my friends, is what produces results. Otherwise, you're choosing to not make any money in your business. You're choosing to struggle. You're choosing to not get the result that you want by stubbornly not following what I just said. And I have met many coaches who are so stubborn around this issue that they will complain and blame and whine about everything else not working when they're not willing to actually be bold about what they're promising the outcome to get for their clients and they're they're afraid of, well, I don't want to over promise and under deliver. Can I tell you this? You should promise something big, and then you should deliver that big thing to people. And listen, not everybody, because you can't guarantee. You can't hold a gun to somebody's head and make sure that they actually do the thing that you say that you're going to do. But you're going to give them a process, you're going to give them a step, you're going to give them a foundation, an ability, a skill, something that's going to get them moving the needle forward, moving the ball forward for them, that's going to help them reach that goal, reach that result that they have. And so listen, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer, if you're somebody who helps people on a regular basis get results in their business, and you show people how to do so effectively, and you show people what they need to do To accomplish to reach those goals that they have you, my friends, can achieve incredible things in your business. You can make incredible things happen. You can reach more clients. You can make more money in your business than you ever possibly imagined. And one of the issues is that I meet so many coaches and mentors that they will hold themselves back because they are afraid of Well, I don't want to over promise. I don't want to make people think that something is so possible for them that it's beyond where they're going to get to and they hold themselves back and how they communicate and how they talk, and how they work with people, and how they reach people, in their outreach, in their ability to connect with people. And so if you as a coach, as a mentor, decides, listen, I want to get more results in my business, and I want to create something that leaves a legacy, and I want to impact more people than I ever possibly imagined. You gotta be bold with your offer. You gotta stop holding back on promising something big. You gotta not be afraid to say, Listen, I can get you to the finish line here. I can take you all the way and then figure out what's your lane, what's that area that people want to come to you for, they want to work with you for, they want to learn from you, for and discover what's possible when you do that, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer, and you want to know, how do I get more clients? How do I make more money? Jeremiah, can you walk me through this process of making this work for me? I'd love for you to join my wealthy coach Academy program, to work with us, to help you get those results in your business. I work with people every single week on their marketing, their sales copy, their processes, the mindset, everything that it takes to get there. Click on one of the links in the description below, and I'll see you inside of our wealthy coach Academy program talk soon.

