VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-06-17T20:31:58.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: OL3GubODcnI5ALsaUWPsvXPO410
---

[5:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'm Hey, what's up? David, How you doing?

[11:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: How's it going. Whoop, I can barely hear you. How's it going. I

[18:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Akiko, how are you?

[19:34] Speaker 1: I am okay. I'm just recovering from cold. So I got sexy smoker's voice today.

[22:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's great. I had, I had a cold about a week ago as well.

[23:49] Speaker 1: Yeah, I ended up taking a day off. Didn't do cancel all my in person appointment. Yeah, so that's why I'm able to attend today's call Gooden.

[28:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, cool. I'm excited that you both are here. Yeah, um, looks like Wade is jumping on here. So Wade is here. Dr Wade, hey. Dr Wade, I feel like he always smiles every time I say that that should be like, that's like, that's your

[33:25] Speaker 2: branding. Dr Wade, that's right. Dr Wade, I can be the DR PHIL of my niche.

[35:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: It kind of rolls off the tongue really well, actually, it actually, kind of works. Well, cool. I Wade, I just ran some of your the blueprint that you just sent me through, through some chat GPT, and I asked it to do this. I said, Give me a level two and level three outcome, because that's what we want to do. We really want to anchor people around the outcomes as much as possible anytime we're creating an offer. And so the way that this looks is, I'll just pull it up here for you. A level two, level three. Outcome looks like a peace filled atmosphere in your home, strengthen spiritual partnership, an emotional safety net, generational legacy of love, resilience in the future, storms, lower stress, better health. So it goes beyond just we got right here. We're going to transform your marriage and conflict it, but it's about like, let's transform your home into something that is going to create the foundation for generations. And that's that's where the work that you do goes beyond just the framework that you have here, but it gets into what's the real emotional driver of what somebody really wants? Because as much as people say they want this, they honestly feel like this is too hard. So you gotta almost go with, like the Walt Disney version of what they really want, a little bit, right? Right? Is that sort of and I, I say this, it's very interesting when it comes to sales, copy and marketing. And this, this, okay, I taught this, like a like, two years ago, a year ago, and it wasn't received well by some Christians that I taught so I've thought back through it, is this, the Bible teaches us, you know, don't chase fantasies, because poverty is awaiting you. And right when we're creating an offer for a coaching business, we are, in a sense, showing what for most people would be a fantasy without us, without us being involved in their life, the idea of a peaceful home or somebody else that does what we do right without taking action in an offer that we offer. It is a. Fantasy for them to think that that's going to happen in the next eight weeks in their life, because nothing's going to change. So if you think about that, is we are tapping into the fantasies that people have in a big way, and then telling them, listen, it is, it's it's not a fantasy, if you work with me, but the fact is, you're probably not going to get there without me, without and you say, with me, we don't need to over explain. Like, you could bring in somebody else and have somebody else, like, that's the logical side of it. But like, without us, without somebody like us, the chances of somebody moving from point A to point B isn't there. And so that's where what I look for, level two, level three outcomes is what is sort of that dream, that fantasy that they have, that we can anchor all of this in. Yeah. And then what that does is it, it makes our offer so much more effective. And I'm even I'm even thinking of of through every offer that I have built out ones that have fallen flat, ones that have struggled and ones that have done really well. The ones that have struggled were a lot more I was explaining the process in the sales copy and the offer, I was talking about, what's going to get them there, like all of that is important that's going to be inside of our program, but the only thing that somebody cares about is I have a problem and I have a dream in my life. Can you get me to my dream outcome? And so when we're running ads, when we're creating social media content, we get to show people that, yes, their dream outcome is possible, and we get to guide them to that process. So that was the one thing, like when I looked at your blueprint here, is bolting that onto it, and that brings it, I think, to the to the place that it needs

[113:03] Speaker 2: to be, okay. And so now specifically about the like the sales page or the landing page content, right? The landing page, okay? So, yes, okay, yeah, when I was running that, I ran it through chat, GPT and through Claude. I didn't like Claude usually does a great job, but it really picked up on the leaving a legacy for your kids. And I'm like, you know, yeah, that's a concern, but mostly it's not the concern that people Yeah, I mean, they'll be like, we're doing this, this, this and this, oh, and our kids are watching us do it. It's like an afterthought. So that part, the leaving a legacy part, they're not thinking we're on the list, but it's not at the top. For the couples that I do like consults with and things like that, it's about we're going to kill each other, and we need to not kill each other. Yeah, you know, or, you know, I don't mean that. I don't mean that they're homicidal. But although there's some,

[131:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody, anybody who's been, yeah, exactly, I get it.

[132:18] Speaker 2: So that's helpful. Um,

[134:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: what if the marriage you only dream of could be real by Labor Day you're standing in the kitchen, but it doesn't sound like a Tuesday. There's no tight lip silence, there's no plate clattering. Your oldest one shouts, mom, dad, watch a magic trick, and no one flinches. That's so funny. Why this seems impossible without help, I'm trying to say chat. GBT, I took what I just talked about and I brought it into chat. GPT, here. Yeah, so a peace filled atmosphere resilience in the storms.

[143:14] Speaker 2: Yeah, peace is at the top of everybody's list, okay? Because there's total chaos, total.

[144:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where, okay, let's work together here. Now this is where this becomes, kind of like a workstation. Break break down 20 alternative outcomes that are related to the above, around just this one, and write some sales copy. And this is, this is how I this is how I use chat. GPT, okay, is doing this? Okay? So quiet mornings, playroom, laughter, door open, policy, homework, Haven. The dinner table is a stress free zone. Breakfast chatter isn't front instead of frantic, find your shoes yelling every night ends in prayers hugs and zero leftover grudges. So it's just some of this, like painting a vivid visual picture the way a storyteller does, and that's in how we. Me when we're marketing it out there, that's a big part of it. So I just wanted to share that with you. Now, the other thing I want to share, and this is more I would say, like for, for Well, this is, I would say, for everybody here. And I'm telling you this, I'm going to tell you this as not something that's to be harsh, because it's something that I need to tell myself every single week. It's something that I need to tell myself every week. So we're about a month into this program here, and what I want to do is I want to see us accelerate the results for everybody. I don't want us to get to July 16, 17th, 18th, 19th. And we're still kind of figuring out what we want to do. So I want to so what I want to do is I want to get to where we can speed up some of that. And so what I want to know is, how can we move things forward faster. And then the other part of it is, what's the strategy behind that? The biggest strategy behind that is, life happens. Crappy things happen. They don't go the way that we want them to. All the time, compartmentalizing those things and making space to do the hard things in our business is an important discipline that it's painful. Yes, it's hard to do. Sometimes it might even make you feel nauseous to think about doing that. But what I do is this, is I try to get to the point where, in my business, I've always done this. I've learned this from multi millionaires. I get to the point where, okay, I feel stressed out in my business, and then I back off and regulate my nervous system as soon as I start to feel stressed out. But I always bring myself to the stretching point, brink of what stresses me out in building my business and so. And then I back it off, and I figure out, okay, backed off from the stress point, where do I find my maintenance level of output and input? And oftentimes that ends up being a moving target. From week to week, that changes. And so, for instance, one week it was really stressing me out, like two weeks ago, to say, Okay, I might need to stay up a little bit later to accomplish what I need to to get things accomplished. And so what I did was I just started to think about, well, what if I, instead of feeling stressed out by the fact that I might need to take a day or two or I stay up later to get stuff accomplished, both in my in my home and in my business. What if I find joy in that hard thing? And then I and then I make a plan to say, Okay, on this day, after one day of doing that, I want to make sure that I go to bed early so that I'm taking care of my body. I'm taking care of myself physically. What are what are those things that we can do that, because to get to where everybody who's in this program wants to get to, we got to stretch. We have to stretch our comfort zone. Stretching our comfort zone is just like stretching a muscle. It's just like when we're working out in a gym that we are tearing down. There's pain that ends up happening, but then it strengthens us to be able to handle more capacity later. And so that's really what I want to I want to look at, is, I want to say just what is like, 20% if we could put the gas, release the brakes on, where we're at, so that we can start to accomplish more, to get done. What feels uncomfortable? What doesn't feel it's probably not going to feel like you're doing the right thing. Temporarily. It's probably going to feel like you might be doing the wrong thing according to how you've normally done some things. But what's going to come out of it is a new framework for how to do things. It's a new framework of how to show up in your business, how to show up in your life, and then what happens on the outside of that is one to two weeks from now, you're doing stuff that today might feel really stressful, and it actually feels very easy. Two weeks from now, it feels like, Whoa. Okay. I carved out this extra hour in my day where I can really focus that I somehow didn't have before. But now it doesn't feel stressful because I've I've conditioned myself, the human body mind is very conditioned, we can condition it to do what feels uncomfortable. This is why people spend so much time in abusive relationships, too, as well. This is like people get comfortable in abusive relationships because they have to find joy inside of the abuse. I say that as an example to say there's a positive flip to that. That that you can do, just like an athlete does, to where it might feel stressful and painful initially, but we have to condition ourselves to say, Okay, what if I can strengthen myself to be able to do what feels hard, what feels maybe like I'm on the wrong path temporarily. What is causing me anxiety, and then resolve what's underneath the surface, so that my nervous system stays calm. Because I really feel like when your nervous system stays calm and happy and excited in a very stressful situation, I'm going to give you an example of this right now from the last week. For the last two weeks, I've been trading stocks consistently. My stocks account was down by $10,000 in about five minutes on a trade that I did last week. And I was freaking out. I'm just not feeling it. I completely was like, glazed over for two hours afterwards, and I got to the bottom of why that was well today and the amount of money I'm trading right now going down by five to $10,000 in a trade is not abnormal, and so like today, my account is down by $6,000 right now it's going to be back up, but I don't feel that stress like I did one week ago in a almost identical situation, because I've conditioned myself to be able to handle that difficulty, to be able to say, Okay, I know that, to go to that next level. Because here's what happened, I was down 10,000 and then I was up 4000 as well, and I was able to literally, like, now that's my budget for advertising this month, that I can that I can use. I'm conditioning myself to be able to do that. There's so there's a very similar side of that in in a lot of different parts of our life, we can look back at a part of our life where we made it important, where we made it a priority to stretch ourselves, to say okay, and I'm not just stretching myself for the sake of stretching myself. I want to get resilient. I want to get comfortable in what is normally uncomfortable for somebody else, because then my next comfort zone is a next level. Because here's what happens, okay, we go up, we hit our comfort zone. Okay, I'm going to back it off a bit. Okay. Now I hit this. Oh, look, I actually feel comfortable. Let's go to the next level. Oh, now I feel uncomfortable. And it literally does this with our comfort zone, where we end up going to new levels and new heights each time that we stretch ourselves to do that. If I could look back at where I was two years ago, there was I had no capacity to handle the type of life, the type of responsibility, the finances that I'm doing, and I was not living a very healthy life. My marriage was not in a healthy place because I was stressing out constantly and and honestly it was having my two kids made it a priority for me. I gotta stay a calm rock for those two, so that they're in a peaceful home. I'm the barometer in our home for peace is a big part of it, my because I can tell you my wife, my wife, I'll notice if I'm peaceful, she's stressed out. She will stabilize and regulate to where I'm at in about 15 minutes if I don't escalate to the same level that she's at. And I'm sure Dr Wade, you understand a lot about how that works, especially, and but two years ago, that wasn't the case. I was literally so stressed out. I'm like, How are we going to handle having two kids? How am I going to be able to sustain a business at this level? How am I going to be able to do all this? And so that's what I want to like. I want us to think about that inside of this program, that what's going to get us to where we want to be in the next month is there's always a place. There's a great there's a great book. I don't know if y'all have ever read it. If you ever read the war, not the Art of War, the War of Art by Steven Pressfield.

[304:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: The War of Art by Steven Pressfield. So he was the writer of the film The Legend of Bagger Vance with Will Smith and Matt Damon Charlize Theron, and he was denied and rejected so many times for his screenplay, and this was the first one that really kind of was a breakout for him. Well, this is all about breaking through the blocks and winning your inner creative battles. And the idea is, is that there is a war and a battle that goes on. There's business is an art building our offers is an art. It's it's a lot less logical than we think. It is. It looks very logical and overwhelming when we don't know what's going on. As soon as you get into the weeds of it. It's a very much more intuition. It's very. Very much more related to what feels right versus what intrinsically is logically the right thing. It's a lot more based on what the feeling is. Weirdly enough, I've found that even while I'm trading stocks, stock trading is is about combining logic and feeling at the same time, because you have to be able to feel what the market sentiment is more than just what the numbers are, and this is the case in business as well, is that we have to be able to feel empathize with the prospect. And the only way that we can truly empathize with what the prospect is feeling is we get out of that anxiety and that stress and that worry in our life. And here's the problem, we can't just wait until everything is in alignment in our life to feel like, Okay, peace has happened. Everything's now in alignment. Now I can take action to do the things I want to do in our business. We gotta be intentional to create that atmosphere, to create that environment, inside of chaos. So the idea is, is that if you have chaos, it's not that we're wanting chaos, but that if there is chaos going on around us, we can create a cocoon that is peaceful, that we can come up with these creative ideas in and what that does Is that allows us to break right through any sort of resistance that we have to our creativity and our ability to execute in our business. And so again, like I said, I'm not saying this to be harsh at all. I'm saying I say this to myself I listen to the book The War of Art probably once every three months, because I am like, alright, things aren't progressing. They're not moving forward. What's happening, and it always comes back to Okay. I'm focused on the wrong things. I am stressing myself out over what is supposed to be very easy for me, what needs to become easy for me. And when I say ease, it's about it's the opposite of so like the word disease, that's dis ease. Ease is where things are flowing. And so I just, I find that we that we can, often, in our lives, say, Okay, I'm going to wait until things feel like they're coming together. I can wait until I'm ready to move forward when the time is now. To move forward the time is now, because what you're going to do is you're going to challenge yourself. If I move forward, I really want us to get a habit where we are, where we're taking action on stuff when we're not ready, when we're not fully prepared. And that challenges a lot of the framework of what we have done in our lives that has made us very successful up to this moment in time. But when it comes to this business and in marketing our business, it's a requirement to be able to start to see the kind of momentum and shift financially that we're looking for. And so again, I hope that that wasn't like too harsh. I hope that it's resonating with what I'm sharing, because I know the potential that's inside of every single person that's here that's watching this to do some really tough stuff, like I'm looking at, I'm looking at Karen. She's not even here, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pick on Karen, because she can watch the recording there, there. I I want to see her landing pages look very different and and that might mean changing up the entire way that she builds out landing pages. It might mean hiring somebody that can help do that, modeling it after the types of landing pages that I build in my business. I want to see where, okay, even when we might not have the perfect schedule going on in our lives that we can create time to say, Alright, I'm going to do this. It doesn't have to be perfect. Done is better than perfect because we can iterate through it. I came up with this concept called the alpha release approach in software development, there's a thing called an alpha release and a beta test, and so it's an unfinished test to see how does the marketplace respond, and that's what we always need to be doing in our offers and in our business, is having an alpha release approach of what we're putting out there, where we're iterating and we're improving over time. It might not be perfect. I'm right now. I'm renting a Tesla Model three. I'm probably going to end up buying one by the end of the month. The self driving is incredible on it, but it's not perfect, and yet it's released out there to the public. It was maybe 80% good three months ago. It's now like 95% really good. But it's still like you could be driving, and then it might try to put you onto the shoulder of the road and then disengage. It's kind. Freaky when it does that, you have to be aware of what's going on. But what's amazing is it's good enough that it's good enough to put out there for the public, that it's released out there. And that is why, like Tesla as a company, is one of the most valuable companies that's out there, because they're willing to put stuff out there to test it and to improve it with their customers. And in our coaching business, I'll tell you there, that's a life or death product, right there. It's good enough to drive on the roads. It's very good product. But the what we're doing is not life or death with anybody. It's not like brains, like, like our marketing side of things, our VSLs, our webinars, that's what I'm talking about. And so it's better to test stuff out and to get the momentum to see what happens. Because your goal is to make a connection with somebody, to connect with multiple people. How do I find 10 people that need what I offer and then move forward from there? And maybe you're not at that stage in your business. It's it's taking a look out. Okay, what stage are you at right now and then? How can we do the things that are going to move that needle forward in the next two weeks? Because I really want to look at by January, by July 1. What can we get accomplished by July 1? And so I'll like, I'll show you how this looks. Uh, practically is you open up a website builder. I always start with this. Like, when I'm building out an offer, I'm like, Okay, you want to you want to know, like, the hardest part of building out an offer for me, and I figured out how to automate this for myself. This was the hardest part. I go into Squarespace. I click on pages and I and I go ahead and I duplicate one of my existing landing pages, one of my existing lead magnets, so that then I can edit it. I can record the video. I can start to write the sales copy. I can start to write all of that. So that's the hardest part. Is getting that done, making it real, making it tangible, going into your website builder and just clicking, okay, let's go create a new page. Let's go make a new page so that we can start building out this offer, so that we can make it real, so that we can make it tangible. And that's the first step right there. And then, okay, what are the pieces that we need to adjust? What do we need to change? And that's going to help us start to accomplish things and start to see that momentum happen for us. Okay, so what do y'all have to say about that? And it's okay if you're, if you're angry or disappointed by anything I just said I got thick enough skin for you to lay it out straight up to me. I was

[445:26] Speaker 3: just thinking earlier today that this month I do need to have a functional landing page up that I can start playing with and testing.

[447:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Do you got your domain name in a Website Builder. I do, I do have that? Yeah? Okay, great, awesome. So then, have we identified what offer that we're going to be offering to people?

[451:08] Speaker 3: Yeah, I've been working on that for this past spring.

[452:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so and so, that's where it's like, let's accelerate it from taking a full season 90 days to, let's make a decision by the end of this week as to what that offer is, right?

[456:02] Speaker 3: That's my idea. Is to get my first one up and then to have my process down and start making other offers, maybe in parallel, right? And have kind of a system down to where I can copy and paste and revise and then, okay, even, you know, even a completely different niche, but I'll have my my workflow down,

[461:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, that's great. So what is, what is the offer that you're going to be offering on yet.

[464:09] Speaker 3: I do have an offer. Yeah, I'm going to be, I'm going to be going into a, what's called a tiny course, or a tiny something that's a kind of a low ticket thing, maybe 37 to $47 Perfect.

[468:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, a low ticket course, yeah. And

[469:10] Speaker 3: basically what I'm helping people to do, and I need to, and I've this weekend, I came up with a bunch of different angles I could use to get get into different markets with the same offer. Started brainstorming, but basically I'm, I've come up with with a process or a technique for taking and creating three to $400 at a time, and I've done this about to about $5,000 in the last year, just on the side very little time by changing the way I do some banking. Yeah, and I figured it would be a good way for people a lot of times, like right now the economy. People are short on money, or they want to buy a course and they don't, and they have to put on their credit card, or, yeah, doing things. And they could, you know, they want to save up for Christmas, or they want to have a new car, but they don't have the down payment. And this would be just a way for people to get a little extra money with

[484:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: make eight figures in in that lane. I

[485:12] Speaker 3: think I could.

[485:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the it's the it's it's the it's not credit repair. Credit Repair is really like low end, more elite version, which is like, how to get funding side of things, where, okay, you you get your credit, and then you arrange stuff in the right way, where you can take advantage of the banking system, right? And then you can start to get funding from banks to where, okay, you can get the best loans possible. And then, how do we stack those to be able to make some money? What are some, like, low hanging things that people could do to make money that way? I I watched a whole bunch of videos from some guys where they do that, and they're making eight figures, helping people do that on YouTube. I've

[496:15] Speaker 3: seen, I've seen people actually do this. Now, you know it you have to have a little bit of money available and some flexibility. But you know, people who've got a little extra extra cash already, I've seen some people do as much as 30 grand a year, yeah, doing stuff like this just by moving money around. And yep, 100%

[501:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I completely agree. And that's what, like, I've figured out a lot of those different things as well, and that's valuable for people to learn right now in this economy. Yeah,

[504:02] Speaker 3: I think that that's, you know, here's so my idea is, you know, there's people who might want to start, this is not actually a business, but this would provide funding for a business, yeah, so that's an angle, or it could be people who are doing homeschooling and they want to have some extracurricular activities for their kids and need some extra money. Or it could be people who, like, want to buy a car, or they want to not go into debt for Christmas this year. There's all kinds of different ways you can

[510:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we're looking at is, we're looking at there's a you have a course that people could get that's a low ticket course. You could probably attach a 997 course on top of it, that would have something full system, and then you can market both of those out there to people, right? And get some clients into something like that. And so that's what we want to look at. Is, okay, what's our 997 course? That's where you're gonna make a lot of the profit from, and if

[517:36] Speaker 3: you want to do it yourself, or do you want to have some help with it and have some support, you know,

[518:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And if they so, then the model is, a lot of people, if they do it, like, the help side of it is, you can do it where they get a contract, where, I think they can, they give you, like, 5% of whatever kind of funding they get, too. So that's the other thing, too, where you can get a percentage of whatever they're they're getting, like, if they're getting access to, say, $100,000 your fee is five grand, right? It's a sliding scale based on how much access they're getting, right? As like, like a 5% it's not a tie. That's like, a half a tie that they're giving you, right?

[527:19] Speaker 3: I'm not God, so I'm like, gonna ask for 50%

[527:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so 5% 5% sort of like as part of your fee. And so that's the other thing too. You can work your fee structure into it that way. So now, okay, we're going to look at that. We may we work on the sales copy, where we work on our landing page for our paid offer, and then we start promoting that out to people. And so that's where, like in the next two weeks, is start to put together some of those. Together some of those assets, the sales copy. I'm going to look at the questionnaire that you sent over, and I'll send you some ideas for sales copy. I'm not

[535:49] Speaker 3: completely done with that yet, but I'm going to try to finish it tight. So awesome. I worked on it over the weekend. Cool.

[537:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then Akiko, I know we've been going back and forth around your offer. I sent you some ideas for your sales copy. I tweaked it a little bit. Did you see that?

[540:09] Speaker 1: Yes, it's very helpful. Thank you very much. That. The thing is, the ticket, what folding me back is a technical stuff that I'm not taking person. So just in advance, I apologize for kind of dumb question. So I do have my own website created a few years back through Wix. I'm okay with that, but if I make landing page, sales page, all that things do I have to do with Wix. What can I do somewhere else

[549:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do with Wix. You can do with go high level. You can do it in Squarespace.

[550:41] Speaker 1: And do I, do I have to buy domain for that? Or how does it

[552:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually use the same domain you're already using, but a domain is only about 10 bucks, right? For your offers, I would try to do everything on one domain name,

[554:32] Speaker 1: right? That's what I want to

[555:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: not a bad platform to build your offers in, if you can. And that's where too you could also like for the tech stuff, you could find somebody for three or $5 an hour on online jobs.ph, right? Themes that can help you do your Wix site.

[559:58] Speaker 1: It, yeah, it's, I didn't know much about it, but it's just weeks don't have customer service at all on the technicals. Well,

[562:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: most, most of these software platforms don't have customer service. Yeah. So yeah, you can find there's people on here that are $5 an hour, that can put together Wix landing page, and you just send them what you want this. Let's see lead generation specialist, $3 an hour. And so that's why I love on this site. Is your you can and you can hire people just for, like, a specific job as well, right? Or they just build your landing page. You say, Okay, I'll pay you. I'll pay you $50 to get my landing page done. I can also look on Fiverr for that as well,

[572:41] Speaker 1: too. Yeah, yeah, I did time ago. Yep.

[574:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cuz then, you know, any anywhere where you're kind of stuck on the technical side of it paying a little bit, and you don't need to pay somebody like, a bunch of money. Like, keep it really cheap. Uh, Upwork is another site that has some people as well. Um, like, I'm working with this, this gal. And so she pays, anytime she needs a landing page done, she pays somebody on Upwork, like, 30 bucks to get her landing page done. And that's also she, she pays them, she negotiated, okay, it's 30 bucks. And so each landing page, and the person lives in in India, and they get it done, and they accomplish it that way. And so,

[584:27] Speaker 1: so in a online job.ph, how do you put search keyword? What did you well?

[586:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can make a job listing yourself in there, and then you and then, and so what I'll do is I'll use chat GPT to create all the text for the listing for me.

[590:13] Speaker 1: How did you came out? Right right now. How did you

[591:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I might do this. I might say I want building a landing page in Wix. I have sales copy. I want to hire someone on online jobs.ph. Create me the entire job listing. Okay, so now chat. GPT is going to create the whole listing that you can post in on side of online jobs.ph. Wix landing page expert. We're looking for a detail oriented Wix expert to build a high converting landing page. We'll provide the sales copy page structure, and literally, you just copy and paste this right in there. You can adjust this pay so we'll pay, you know, $50 USD for the full project, depending on experience timeline, three to five days to get completed, how to apply. And then I love this. I started doing this include the word landing pro in the subject line, because the idea is, then only people who put landing pro in their reply subject line are legit, because it means that they read through the whole listing. And so like, this is great, right here. You could use this to create, then a listing over an online jobs.ph you go in and let me log in. Let me log into my account right here. You click on post a job right here, job title, type of employment. Okay, it's a gig. Paste that whole description right here. There's your email. What are the skills they need? We'll put Wix as one of the skills host a job, and that's all you gotta do. And you'll literally get like 400 people that reply back applying. And then what I'll do is I'll just look at their portfolio and like the landing pages that they've created to then hire somebody to be able to do that for me, and that whole process maybe can will take you, like, a couple of days, okay, and that quality is really good. It's not low quality, it's very high quality.

[623:10] Speaker 1: And then after so let's say I make a free, free course just to have have a prospect, have a taste over what I serve. And so let's say, yeah, you what you gave me is a free 30 day. I'm going to make it, cut it short to like free 10 day, great, yeah, yeah. How about to

[632:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: make it match more how you want to do it, yeah, yeah.

[632:47] Speaker 1: So, so what do I do for that? Is, it is, do I have to go like a Kajabi or what? What would you recommend for those course?

[637:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the I will, I will say this, the easiest one that's out there to build with is actually a platform called podia.com I probably should make a course on how to use. Podia, I don't, but there's a lot of videos on YouTube that you can look at. Sure are the most cost effective and easiest to use. It still is going to cost you a little bit of money to get it up, yeah, but they can host your course inside of here, inside of podia. Okay, so, and they're probably one of the most cost effective. They also have a landing page builder built in that, like you could even build a landing page inside of podia as well. Okay, so they do email, forms, memberships, all of that in there.

[649:10] Speaker 1: Okay, I'm going to take a look at that. That's

[649:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: one as well. Squarespace also does allow you to sell courses inside of Squarespace. So you could do, you could sell your course right inside of Squarespace as well.

[652:46] Speaker 1: So if I have, let's say, just instead of dealing with Wix, can I have a website in Squarespace and yeah, and do all that under Squarespace. Yep, that that would be an idea like for

[657:52] Speaker 2: me, that probably

[658:07] Speaker 1: would be a lot easier too. Yeah, one stop shopping.

[659:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, and you can transfer your domain to Squarespace from Wix. It's just, there's tech. You probably there's a technical side to that, but I've had to do or I've done that before, but it's good, yeah,

[662:24] Speaker 1: yeah. And another thing is the My kind of course, because it's fitness and wellness, I think it will be a great for more like a mobile phone. So App kind of way, because, you know, people work out from playing videos on the phone. So is this, course, is a mobile phone, whatever you call it. Most of them are mobile phone, friendly, friendly, okay,

[672:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, to work through a mobile phone. Um, building an app is pretty complicated, so I wouldn't recommend going out and doing that right now. Give it like 510, years, and I think it's going to get really easy with AI, because it already is getting a lot easier with AI to make apps, but it still is very complicated, even with AI. But yeah, all of these nowadays are really they're tuned in to what people

[679:52] Speaker 1: can Yeah, as soon as it's a mobile phone friendly, yeah, tablet friendly, because that's most of my online clients, just they do with, you know, they don't really do training with me on the laptop. They do tablet or mobile phone, and they will keep bigger screen. Then they ended up doing a mirroring to the bigger screen. So that's what doing. So that's a huge part, which, as long as it's a mobile phone friendly,

[689:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, it will be, and you can record it real simply, record the content simple, even with your phone. I try to keep a lot of those details as simple as possible, not super complicated, yeah, because we can, we can really make it really complex, and now it's complicated, and now we got a reason why we're stalling and not moving forward, right? So, like, here's an example that I always, that I always do is, if I notice, okay, I'm procrastinating on something because it's so complicated, I'm going to say, what are five other ways that I could get it done, maybe not perfectly how I see it in my mind, but at least something out there and get it accomplished, something that I'm like, I'm looking at right now, I want to hire somebody on online jobs that pH that knows how to use AI to write emails, and then I could mentor them on my email marketing strategies, because that's something that I'm finding is taking up a lot more time than I want to devote but I now know I've worked with enough entrepreneurs that I know how to give the instructions for what emails I need created and how to and then they can go create me, like, five versions that I can read through really quick, and then they go schedule it for me. So that's going to save me like five to 10 hours a week that I've been spending for the last four years doing stuff. So then I can focus on again. I have not found anybody that does landing page copy as good as I do. It's just, it's just a, it's a, it's a very unique skill creating sales letter copy, but email copy is something I know I could outsource, at least get that going. And so I look at, okay, what's one of the biggest hindrances to me to getting some of my offers up has been, I gotta write all these email autoresponders. I gotta create all this well, let me figure out how to streamline that so it doesn't. Make up my time to get this accomplished. And so that's that's just, that's what we gotta look at. And we gotta, like, constantly think, Okay, is there a is there a better way to remove the bottlenecks from what we're doing? Where is the flow getting clogged up in our production? Kind of like we have this machine this, like, like I look at oftentimes, when we're marketing our business, it is this kind of a it's a bit like a factory that's sort of running itself, like there's a very methodical type of a thing to it, once you get into it and the flow. And so what is, what is causing certain things to break down and not move forward as fast enough where we're stalling? And then what I've always done is every stage or step from like creating my course to creating my landing pages. I always want to get it accomplished within 14 days maximum. So I have this like 14 day policy. I always look at, okay if it's not done in 14 days, why has that not gotten done? What am I doing that is that has caused this to be and quite frankly, I'll tell you, you wonder what the answer to like for me, I was I've had this offer that I've been trying to get out for a month and a half now. I've still not finished the sales copy. It's now been another week. Why has it happened? Well, I've had certain things I've had to do in the evenings. Other than that, my time has been taken up over here and things like that. I've been taking a certain time Well, I've been learning how to trade stocks more and making money in there. I've been taking time to do other things right here over the last two weeks. Okay, great. What if I stop doing a lot of those things just for one day to get accomplished the thing that I've been putting off for two weeks, and then get that done and create the time that I need to get what I want accomplished, accomplished and and then if it's too hard, if it's too difficult, okay, why is that feel really hard or difficult? One of the things that we can do that's really helpful move your body around, go exercise, and then see if it's as hard or as complicated as you thought it was. Like, that's one of the things that I like to do, is, if I'm, like, really overwhelmed with something in my business, I'll go work out for a half hour, and then I'll come back to the thing in my business, and suddenly it's not as hard as it was 30 minutes ago, or I'll just go for a walk, or I'll get on the treadmill or something like that. I'll go for a walk, and it literally triggers certain things in our brain that that that eases some of that, that blockage that's in there. And so the key is to not distract ourselves with social media or audio books or YouTube videos or other content when we're stuck like that, I have found like I'll do that last night, I got really stuck on something, and what was I doing? Well, I was looking at social media. I was listening to YouTube videos. Now two hours went by and I still haven't done the thing that I had to get done last night. Okay, alright, turn off all the media. Let's start doing the thing I what I did was I opened up chat GPT and I said, I've been procrastinating for two hours to get this done, because XYZ happened. What's going on? And chat GPT was like, Well, what if you pick one thing and just do half of that one thing and then get that done? Tell me when you're done. This is what the chat GPT told me it's the like, where you talk to chat GPT. And then I was like, Okay, I'm done with that. And then chat GPT was like, Okay, now go do half of another thing that you need to get accomplished. And then I started getting momentum. Within 10 minutes of doing that, I started gaining momentum. And then I gained a lot of clarity on another thing that I was stuck on, that I've been procrastinating on. I had to get these ads up for another client that I was working with. It's a consulting client. They, you know, they've been waiting for the ads to get up for about 24 hours, and I know, I knew that if I had waited another 24 hours, they probably wouldn't have been too happy, and in the commitment that I had made to them, these ads should have been up already yesterday. So I told them they had written me, hey, are the ads up? They're not up, all right? I'm overwhelmed right now, you know, okay? And you wanna know how long it took me to get those ads up? Maybe 20 minutes, but it was the I'll tell you, ads is always a big one, because it's like, you don't know how the ads are gonna turn out, I feel anxious anytime I launch an ad campaign for myself or a client, and I've literally had to train myself Okay, just just start building the ads, just start making them, just start pushing the buttons. And it gets a lot easier once you just start. And then by the. Time you know it you're done. And I'll tell you once I finished, I felt so accomplished that I was able to write the client say they're up. Yay, you know. And so like, I'm telling you, I deal with all the same stuff myself. It's It's just that I don't give myself the I don't, I don't give myself permission to, like, not accomplish the things that I need to get done. I think that's the that's one of the things I don't give myself permission if I said I'm going to do something, to not do the thing I said I'm going to do right now, I set a deadline. I say, Okay, I say, Okay, it's gonna get done by this day. And I also don't give myself permission to not set specific deadlines, like it has to get done by this time. And what that's done is it's, it's just how I govern myself to make sure that I'm, I'm staying on top of things. Otherwise, I'll tell you what happens. I'd probably forget to join this call with you guys today if I didn't do that. Did that? That happened to me two years ago, my son Halston was born. I missed one of the coaching calls with our group. I do it every week. I forgot that I had a coaching call, till an hour later, people were waiting for me to show up, and then I got emails within a week, like 20 clients canceled the program because they lost trust. And so it's like, okay, why did this happen? Well, quite frankly, I let the anxiety of having a new child that was keeping me up all night, which is a reality, like a child that I'll tell you, Kyron has not kept us up all night. Halston was awake every two hours, crying and screaming, and I and we had to rock him for, like, the first year of his whole life. And so, like, that was hard, but I had to figure out, Okay, I got this stress and anxiety going on. I'm not feeling my best every single day, but I have a business that I've committed to build. I have clients that are depending on me, and that's where then I how do I show up, and how do I stay show and then how do I keep a good attitude with the family? I'll tell you, two years ago, I did not have a good attitude. That was also part of it. I probably had a such a poopy attitude all the time. It was really repelling a lot of people that I could work with. I was just like, I was so tense and uptight. Now I'm like, I'm so I'm really thankful for being as relaxed and chill as I am right now, and you and everybody benefits from that. I'll tell you that, all right.

[847:46] Speaker 1: Another question is, so sorry. Another, oh, you're good. No, no apologies about if someone looking at the sale page and click to order or whatever checkout is it? How do you connect those checkout system in a website.

[854:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So usually you create a product, and if they're on two separate platforms that give you a link that sends people to the checkout. So like I use two different platforms, I use Thinkific for mine and all my checkout links. Then link to my Thinkific site for checkout. So it's just a URL that the site gives you, and then you add that to a button, and then it goes over to that. I'll give you, I'll give you an example right here. Yeah, we this is like my mom's a real change.com. Right here. Okay, yeah, this goes to a real change.spiffy.com Oh, click a button, and that's the checkout page right here at a real change.spiffy.co. Oh, cool. And then that's where the the checkout page is for this offer, right here, I see, yep. So that's using spiffy.co it's a checkout

[870:42] Speaker 1: so URL can be a little bit more consistent, like that. You know, we all change use that name for the checkout page. Yeah.

[874:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, the name doesn't matter too much my my offers are over at members, dot Jeremiah krakowski.com,

[876:08] Speaker 1: well, still, you put your name out there. Yeah,

[877:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So it's a sub domain. Is what it is, yep,

[878:08] Speaker 1: Okay, gotcha, yeah. So that's a different entity. Then,

[879:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, it's just. Sub domain. Inside of, like, the domain, where you buy a domain, you can create a sub domain. You can make as many of those as you want to, where it's just like, instead of www.jeremikrawski.com, it's could be, I could make a Kiko dot Jeremiah krakowski.com and it's a whole site that's just built out for you, if I wanted to, and it just goes there, I can make Dr Wade, dot Jeremiah, krakowski.com, and it would be, and that's actually a pretty common practice. Like web developers do, they'll build all their client sites out as a subdomain of their like web development site, and that's and that's how that but those are, those are easy to set up. If you don't know how to set that up, you can find somebody on Fiverr that can set that up for you for probably 510 bucks.

[892:47] Speaker 1: I know this Fiverr is not really $5

[893:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not always $5 No, I know they their branding was, that was $5 originally, yeah, it's like, now it's like 20 to 50. Yeah,

[895:58] Speaker 1: that's what I call it, 20 to 50 Year. Yeah, right. Okay, all right, awesome. Thank you very much. That gives my idea to the table, so hopefully

[899:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: today kind of gives you all some ideas and helps with with a lot of that. Wade, what are we? What are we getting accomplished here this week, in the next week together? Well, you're muted.

[904:13] Speaker 1: You did you're muted,

[906:08] Speaker 2: trying to be polite, and got distracted. So the program definition, I feel good, like, just moving from one on one to group coaching, I feel good about that. The program's good. Actually, the program's going to be great. Yeah, pretty awesome, yeah. And it, it's narrower in scope than I had thought of as a as a group program in the past. Yeah? Which I really like, yes. And so all that stuff got the curriculum, the outcome statement, pricing, lead magnet. That's where I spent most of my time in the last two or three days, which is going to be if it's called The Seven. Where'd I call it the seven? Seven minute marriage miracle, and just in a seven minute videos, five of them that they'll be dripped out over a five day, and they just implement one at a time. So I've got the the sales copy for that. I've got the landing page built out. I've got all of that thank you page. I'll have a little video that I need to record for that, but I've got the script for it. Email automations. I don't have the automation itself set up, but I've got all the emails written for that, actually six or seven in total, a welcome email, five emails introducing each day's topic, and then one introducing a bonus video that I'm not even going to mention up front, which is essentially a webinar for the not essentially it is the webinar for the program. And then I already have one group built out and go high level I'm going to build out a different group for this. And I do have, and in fact, I was looking at this while we were talking. I have a group that I am I used to call it the Christian marriage inspiration. But in line with my other branding that I'm moving to. I'm renaming it the flourishing marriage. And so I literally just changed the URL to that while we were on this call, and then I'll change out, like the group description and all that stuff. So the goal is by I would I all the scripts, everything will be ready to go, and I'll start filming. I mean, I've got 12345678, ish videos to film, to get things off the ground, have everything in place, and then I can start getting on Facebook and doing the actual setting up of the ad campaign. So actually, I could probably, I'm not sure how it works on on Facebook, if you have to have, like in go high level, you have to have, and I haven't quite figured it out there's certain orders you have to do things because you can't even set some pages up without having like the forms or whatever, already pre made. So I don't know if Facebook is like that or not. I have never run a Facebook campaign. I've always had someone else do it. Yeah, so that'll be, I mean, I. It's not hard. I know my pixel is set up. I know all that stuff is there. It's just a matter of, and I probably won't fool with the pixel this time. Just get to get something going. But everything is set so I think in the next couple of weeks, it's a matter of getting the getting everything filmed, getting everything in go high level, in the correct places, and then I'll test it and and have it ready to go by, really mid July, I can start perfect with it, with all of that free stuff in order. What's that? One of the things

[970:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I encourage with like, for filming is, if you feel like, really inspired, and like, I'm always trying to pay attention to my internal, like, temperature of, Okay, do I feel inspired today that I could go film this? Maybe I wasn't planning to, but do I got 30 minutes that I could go, press record and go this and I'll do it? Like, if I'm feeling really inspired that I could probably crank out the webinar really good right now I will, like, run over to my computer and record it for 30 minutes and then go finish what else I was doing, because I want to capture that energy when it's at it, yeah, for me, right? So that's what I look at, is, is doing that,

[981:32] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah. And I think I'm going to do a shorter webinar. I mean, 90 minutes I hate, just personally hate those. Yeah, do a shorter one. So I'll probably do 30 to 45 minutes. But then when I start looking at, oh, I want to say, nobody's

[985:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: really watching 90 minute ones anymore. 3030, to 45 minutes is the length that I'm doing for mine. Because 90 minute is like, if I see some things that 90 minute webinar, I'm probably not going to watch it myself, yeah, but if it's 30 minutes, okay, I might, I might leave it open and listen and see what they have to say.

[989:54] Speaker 2: Yeah, you know, well, in some and I think go high level is this way you can set the playback speed. I'm not 100% sure, but, but I'm doing that. I on a 30 minute webinar. I want to listen to that puppy in 20 minutes. I don't want to. Oh, yeah, I can get it. So that's where I am. So there's, I feel like I've done, you know, some good progress over the last week, and great, yeah, yeah, you've been making great progress. Yeah, so we'll, we'll get there. We're making it, but I gotta run, because I have a client at three. Yeah, I gotta go. All right, so y'all have a great week. Good to see. Y'all Bye.

[1001:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, David, is there anything else for you that we could help with here today. Anything up you're muted.

[1004:13] Speaker 3: Once I get my questionnaire done, I got that initial feedback from you, then I'll be better, better in a better spot.

[1005:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, and skip any questions that like that aren't

[1006:38] Speaker 3: relevant. Yeah, yeah.

[1007:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just, just fill out as many as you want. I think Akiko, she sent in, like, with just like, 12 of the questions answered, but it was enough for me to get, yeah, I'm putting her on the spot here. It's okay, because it was, like, it was, it was enough that got me what I was looking for to help me then be able to send something over to her for for some offer ideas. So how do you how do you want

[1013:21] Speaker 3: me to submit this to you? I know it's a Google doc that's connected to you. That's connected to your Google Drive. I

[1014:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: think just, just, if you could type it, you can edit the Google Doc and just type it in,

[1015:44] Speaker 3: yeah, yeah, that's what I've been doing. So you should be able to see whatever I got done already. So perfect. All right, awesome. But I'll, I'll, there's, like, I think there's some more I wanted to put in

[1018:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. Okay, awesome. Alright, anything? Anything else? Before we wrap up here

[1020:13] Speaker 1: today, I'm trying to finish that questionnaire. I put it on hold, so, oh yeah, that's okay, yeah. And my goal in next two weeks is get landing page and sales page done for this free challenge thing. And even I'm not mentally ready, I just get it running, see how it goes. Just test dip my toes in the water kind of way. Yeah, just get over fear of technical stuff and just go with it. You know, one more question, though, for what's up filming, yes, do you use it some kind of mic? Because I

[1032:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: have, I have a mic that's a USB mic that's attached to my computer,

[1033:52] Speaker 1: okay? Because every time I do the recording is because I stand far away from camera. The sound quality isn't good, so I bought a one, one to plug in a phone to do the video, but it didn't make much difference. So I was wondering if there's a better mic to feel. Them from the phone?

[1040:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, there are some mics that you can get to film from the phone as well. Yeah, over on Amazon,

[1042:31] Speaker 1: yeah. So they have

[1043:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: see Bluetooth. I

[1043:53] Speaker 1: got iPhone 13, so

[1044:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here, so you can get, there's, there's, any number of these. And in fact, I should probably order me one. This, this little clip on mic that just connects straight to your iPhone. Oh,

[1047:26] Speaker 1: there you go. I'm going to take that

[1048:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it lets you do that right there.

[1050:11] Speaker 1: Awesome. Yeah, because what I heard is especially if you stand away from camera, which is because I'm going to show you how to stretch and do the balance exercise. I'm the sound has to be clear, but standing away from form about 10 feet away, 1012, feet away, it doesn't really do Yeah,

[1056:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: it doesn't register. It doesn't it doesn't read it that well,

[1057:27] Speaker 1: yeah, got it sounded like you're in a cave. Yes, it's like that. Yeah, thank you. Yep,

[1059:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. Alright. Well, I will talk to everybody in the Voxer. We'll connect over there, and then I will see y'all in two weeks on here. I'll see everybody on the Monday call as well. All right, I'm doing Bye. You.

