VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-08-19T20:20:28.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: y35bleetGwKI9iQQV9azful0wVk
---

[1:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Hello, hello, hello. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Wade here and Akiko, hi, good. We, we gotta install a new AC system in the house. So it's a 30 year old system. Our house was built like, 30 years ago. It's the original, wow. But the, yeah, the we have a really great, like, honest, reputable company we work with, and they, they're like, yeah, it's leaking so much, and uses the old Freon. You got to put a new one in. So it goes in tomorrow. We got two systems in our house. So yeah, it's still cooling our house. It just takes all night to cool it back down to like 70, and it goes up to 80 on the lower level during the day. So not the best for the wife and kids. They're not super comfortable, but stuff like that happens, and it's kind of like when, when is it going to need to be replaced with them? Hey, Wade, you're on a treadmill. It looks like

[20:01] Speaker 1: I am. I could not get outdoors today, so this is it. I'm joining Kiko with her walking. You know, together. I've

[22:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: been really thinking about getting something like that for my desk, and getting one of those rising desks, yeah, just, they're awesome. Here soon I have a I have a desk on my treadmill the workout sometimes, but like, I gotta bring my computer over there. I would use it more if it was literally the desk the treadmill was at my and I just,

[28:29] Speaker 1: I have a desk recommendation for you. I'll have to think of it. It's four letters, yeah, I can't think of it right now, but they're very good. And they're they have L shaped discs, okay? Think it's very V, A, R, I, I'm not 100%

[32:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure, but the desktop right now, this is, like something from target that we got for like 100 bucks. Yeah, that's just put, I just put two of them together.

[35:09] Speaker 1: Well, that's why that that is going to be, I don't have it from personal experience, but the but if you can catch them on sale? Yeah, they're, they're pretty good otherwise. I mean, I don't want to spend $1,000 plus on a desk, but, oh, me standing desk has been

[40:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. I I have a, I have a I have a fold out table that I got for like, 20 bucks from the store. I'm like, I could work on that if I needed to. Yeah, that's, it's funny. I just, I can like zone in, in any environment and work, I feel like I that's a skill that I like, because I used to work out a coffee shops all the time, and co working spaces and all that. So it's just like, drop me anywhere with a with a table and a chair and I can get work done and an internet connection. Not having good internet on the cruise ship was really probably the biggest hardship. Yeah, me, but we're but we're all back in business. So one thing I wanted to say, I have been recording a a course in my members area. It's the one called the CEO mindset mastery. Have y'all watched those lessons? I've watched one of them. Okay, really, the second one, the third one are even better. And they're just like, it's kind of like, I thought about it. It was just like, it's especially for those of y'all that are here in this VIP group, a lot of great info from it. It's not necessarily like about mindset. It's about thinking of yourself as a CEO in your own business, and just one of the biggest lessons that's just been really on my mind a lot lately, I wrote it down. Gonna make it a social media post, but it's just success, success in business. Okay? My social media post, I have, like a video of me and throw it up there. Why do the best products often struggle at first, while bad products with good marketing seem to make more money, right? We've always wondered that even like, why do the best musicians I know so many talented musicians that like they'll never, they never go anywhere. Success in business, whoops, did I just delete the whole thing? No, I didn't. Success in business is about creating a product that people want. Your feelings and opinions about what people should be doing doesn't factor. In, translate your business through that lens, and you'll make a ton of money. And so what I mean by that is that as, and I talked a little bit about this yesterday, but it was, I was kind of keeping it a little more surface level, as as mentors and coaches, I think sometimes we just, we don't always see ourselves as as business owners, or as even, like an investor would in our business, and that like our like, it's a cash flow producing asset that we're building, and then what the product is, is we're selling access to us, plus the transformation that we deliver, plus our personality makes it unique as far as what we're delivering to people, that's really what selling courses and coaching is. But at the end of the day, the sales side of it really has to do with what is the most in demand. And I heard something really great yesterday that I was like, Oh, that's really good. Oftentimes you're going to find the most profitability from the as a mentor or coach in the most oversaturated niches and markets. So oftentimes we're like, oh, I want to be unique or stand out outside of where there's a lot of people. You actually are going to make more money by being in what there's already a lot of traction happening in your niche or market. Meaning, how do you see others in your industry or that have your skill sets? What hooks and topics and things do you see them marketing? Because I find for a lot of my stuff that I do, I've always looked at what are my competitors marketing, and then that gives me a direction to point in for what I'm marketing. Because the reason why is what makes you unique is your personality, the connection that people have with you that makes it unique, why somebody would want to buy from you versus somebody else. And so that's why it's like,

[114:56] Speaker 2: take a look at

[115:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is getting a lot of traction, as far as topics go from others, maybe not like, I don't always look at the highest like guru level people like, I don't look at like, what is Alex hermosi promoting, or Tony Robbins or Gary Vaynerchuk, because they also have the advantage of mass audience that they've steered in a certain direction. So that's another thing. You can steer your audience over the course of about six to 12 months in whatever direction you want. You gather people around you, and then you can actually start to build the product and steer people towards a product that way. But that takes time. The best way to grow that audience is to really model after what we see that is already being marketed, that's out there, and then focusing on giving people what they desire the most, what do they desire the most. And I even go so far as to say, and I actually, I don't know if I've shared this example with you guys with when we were building with Rick Pino, I identified the deepest desire of people was to become a famous singer songwriter, is really what it was. But Rick's message is very much like a Bible based, like music, like the psalmist, intimacy, like David had, type super deep Bible stuff. So like you like, that's his content, but the desire of his market that he had hundreds of 1000s of people on his email list. And how do we we actually figured this out. We pulled them, we asked them 70% of all the questions were, I want to be a songwriter and I want to be famous and be on stage. And so it was like, I was like, what if you just, like, build all your offers around become a famous songwriter? And like, at first Rick was like, gosh, that feels like yucky to me. He's like, That's so, like, anti everything I even stand for as a mentor. So it was like, the desire of his market was actually the very thing that he almost stood against as a mentor. But as soon as he packaged his message around that desire that they had, that's where things shot up from like and he was doing like 50k a month shot up to him doing over a million dollars a month, because it tapped right into the deep. Desire that people had, and giving them their desire. And what he would show them is, is like, listen, the big part is, like, Rick was friends with all the famous, like Grammy Award winning artists that were out there, so, like, he had all of them on there. And then they would all literally reinforce this message. Like, the way you actually become famous is you, you don't strive for the fame you, you actually go deeper and and that. And that was really cool, was it was kind of like reframing what their desire was, but by leading and baiting the hook with what people desire and then giving them what they need, more than anything else. That's why, again, I find in my business,

[172:33] Speaker 2: if I lead with

[173:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: using Instagram ads, it always seems to be one of the best hooks, even though I don't necessarily like, I don't teach, like, all my content isn't just like Instagram ads, Instagram ads, Instagram ads, I'm teaching, like the whole business side of things and all that. And so when it comes to creating your offers, it's like thinking about, what is that desire that they really, really want more than anything else. And that goes back to the the Dan Kennedy book, The Ultimate Sales Letter, is it? Is it talks about the process for figuring out. I don't know where it went. It disappeared anyways. It was over here. The Ultimate Sales Letter talks about in there knowing what their deepest desires are, even what they feel embarrassed to share with other people like you know, I think, I think sometimes, I think especially for like relationship, what did my internet cut out? Am I? Is my internet working still? Okay, good. I have a battery backup now linked to my internet, so it should never go out, even when my uh power goes out, which is good. Um, an example of this would be like, not that you would have to reframe everything like this, but I would say, like a lot of Christian men in their relationships, they have a deep desire that's even tied sexually, that they don't want to talk about when it comes to their relationships and that intimacy with their wives, and that even as like it like so that would be like an example of a hook. As far as, how do you navigate that when, when talking with your your audience, I know, um, I think a deep desire of a lot of coaches and mentors is always about like, how do you become a millionaire, and then how do you do so with impact and not giving up your integrity and all of that, and doing so honestly with integrity? That's one of the deeper desires, I would say. But like, the how you get there is a little more nuance than that, so that that was just like a little something, I wanted to kind of share, keeping cash flow at the forefront of what we're, of what we're when we're making our offers, of what we're thinking about, that's going to always point you in more of the North Star direction of where your efforts are going to work much better, and it might be reinventing what you do with your skill set. I've I've seen the the process of reinvention working really well where, like, you have a certain skill set, but then the market is asking for something else than what your normal offer is, and delivering more on what the marketplace desires brings in that cash flow where you might be stuck on the sales side of things. What's up? Wait, I see you got your hand raised so

[228:35] Speaker 1: I don't remember what the final ad was that said, Okay, I'm going to join the WCA. And then I was in for like, a week, and you offered the the VIP, and I was and what I saw when I got in there, though, this is the thing I It wasn't just about whatever that was, but I got in, I saw the videos, and I was like, this is a whole business, and for me, that was a big theme, because it wasn't just about the marketing or whatnot. There's enough back end stuff in the program that that's what I needed. How do I go from one on one, yeah, to a group? Yeah, so that's one thing, and the other business? Yeah. One is the mindset thing. I spent the first 50 years of my life telling myself explicitly, I am not a businessman. I am not an entrepreneur. It's only been in the last I would say two years that I'm willing to admit that to myself, but it also was just a shift in well, what it was was I realized that I was feeding my family, clothing my family, for two or three years before I realized I was doing it, and then every dollar that came into my house, is because I did something, and that helps me know i Okay. I am a businessman now, hook or crook, and so that shifted a lot. And then there's one other thing. So that was a big one. Oh, I want to. Can I share my screen? Do you have it set up that way? Yeah, based on your feedback about the market. So I'll just real quick share it. I don't remember Oh, from, it was from. What was the title? How did I title this?

[260:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's good. This is great.

[261:20] Speaker 1: Oh, from, from, from fighting to flourishing. That was the title before, right? So you gave a little bit of feedback on that. And then I, and

[263:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: there was more like simplifying it a little bit

[264:41] Speaker 1: well. So what I here's what I did. It did simplify. I did all the other stuff in here. But if I had a nickel for every, I think I put this in the group for every time that a couple asked me this, I would be rich. I wouldn't make

[269:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure to put a quotation

[269:56] Speaker 1: mark, yeah, I saw that just then.

[270:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: We missed stuff all the time,

[271:33] Speaker 1: and but, but that's it, that is, I don't know about Karen's experience is in but the reason people contact me 75% of the time is this, and why I don't, yeah, why don't? Why I don't stick with this is the message, yeah, to get people in, there is no other message. I'll, I'll give away that 25% to capture the 75% that's going to resonate with this. I'd be real surprised if this offer doesn't produce some really

[282:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: good this actually fits into, I think, a real pain point, a real desire, yeah, and I can just think back to a year ago, a year and a half to two years ago, like, that's what I was asking myself. Was like, my wife and I, we didn't fight very much till we had kids,

[288:35] Speaker 1: right? And, you know, that's not atypical either, right? That's uh, yeah, third couple have a significant dip in marital satisfaction after birth of a child,

[291:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? I yeah, I would, I wouldn't say satisfaction was low, but it was like, we know we can improve, right? My wife and I right. We know we can do better, and now it's like, I really feel like we're doing really good in that area, and it's just we've learned how to communicate and but like that, like that would have resonated with me two years ago, that language. So I can tell you like that. That hits me. There's something else too. Can you pull it back up? Your your your offer again so I can see it? Yeah, yeah. Um,

[302:34] Speaker 1: I'm on the other side now, but it's still there.

[303:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know when, like, you see, like, a loading screen and it's at like 90% and yeah, thing is, like, goes to 100% I feel like this is at like 90% with the copy and there's like, I'm trying to put my finger on what is going to take it over the edge to 100 it's subtle. It's something small.

[310:08] Speaker 1: I'll send you a link to it, yeah, I can check it out a little bit later. But it's, this is, I didn't, this is, basically, I didn't change the pictures out or anything like that. I think the pictures are good, yeah?

[313:55] Speaker 1: So anyway, it's, I don't need people to find it, but anyway, I feel, well, the other thing that I instead of doing, I was just

[317:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: tweaking the headline. Makes the whole focus right. And that's another big part about like writing copy, is if your headline is strong, it. Suck people into wanting to read the rest,

[320:55] Speaker 1: right? And I think it may have been either in the sales letter, or, I don't know, some other book like that, the Jim, what's his face.

[325:08] Speaker 1: Jimmy, what's what's up writing book, I don't know if you're familiar with that one. Which one Jim Edwards copywriting? Oh, yes, yeah, that one's good too. He's a big Russell Brunson guy. In fact, I think they have a product together. They have an AI. It's probably defunct now, because it was two years ago when they came up with

[330:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: he has an AI that, it's probably, it's probably pretty decent. I'm sure he's not changed his offer much, though, I would probably say that the current iteration of chat GPT is probably going to be a little better, yeah, because they just, they've the AI chat GPT, since gotten really good at writing copy. So, oh yeah, he has, oh, he has write your your book. AI, so everyone seems like a lot of the AI like copywriting guys moved over to like creating like a thing to help people create their ebooks. Yep, that's been a

[343:20] Speaker 2: another big thing,

[344:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: seven day ebook. So he's actually even teaching more about like, how to publish an ebook and then how to write copy to sell it. So all about like, how to create a lead magnet around those things, which is great. AI is a great, great process for doing that.

[348:32] Speaker 1: Hey, let me just for fun, show you all this, because I was told you I was playing with the AI,

[350:29] Speaker 2: yeah,

[351:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh my goodness.

[352:20] Speaker 1: I like most about this picture is these traps. Look at those huge traps.

[353:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's funny. I wish that was me. That's funny. That's great. If you work out with a Kiko, it could be,

[356:00] Speaker 2: yeah, there you go.

[357:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: How you been doing Akiko,

[357:36] Speaker 3: I'm doing okay. So, um, you are mentioning about, you know, mass market and all that. So I'm going just little back and forth, back and forth. I had a little, um, how do you call it clarification? What clarity call with a one of a fitness person online, and I got my say even more confused, because one some people say, Oh, you gotta go micro niche, you know, you you gotta be unique. Stands out. So you gotta really,

[368:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually those Clarity Calls are going to be more like sales calls.

[369:16] Speaker 3: No, I said, I'm not gonna buy anything and all that stuff. So I, you know, they hey if you need extra help. But blah, blah, but yeah, so I said, I, you know, I signed up this clarity clarity call for just, really, where should I head into and and so it was just a free offer for 15 minutes, and got myself even more confused, because over my background, I'm a martial artist trained martial arts for almost 40 years now and and then that's just come. It's part of me, you know, talking about resilience, you know, and stuff like that, through martial art training. And then I'm a trainer, and my most clients are 60 and up in some 40 millions and Gen X's. But so I'm very dear to my heart about longevity and mobility. You know, live long and healthy, like live long and prosper, kind of way in overthinking and this cause. Well, you know. But still, you know how obesity rates and overweight and all that, it's just a weight loss is still a big market, you know? And I'm no namer in an Instagram or Facebook or whatever in the world, so YouTube, that weight loss is a thing, you know, people want to lose weight, including myself. You know, can't lose last 10 pounds or stuff like that. But, um, so basically, I was told for newbies, for online, you know, just be. I'm a in person personal trainer trying to become a online fitness coach. It's better to attract people in a weight loss field. That's kind of I was. Got the message to go so my needs won't attract enough as a newbie, kind of, I start kind of thinking all the thoughts, yeah,

[407:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, I think we can, like, think of ourselves, like we we're the only one that sees ourselves and identifies as like, I'm a newbie. Anybody else who first meets you, they don't know if you're a newbie or not at anything,

[411:49] Speaker 3: and so reason on what, what should the, what should I to attract more audience or something? You know, yeah, still have to maybe shift more into a weight loss field.

[415:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or so it goes, it goes back to anytime. What attracts an audience is that there's a promised outcome and a transformation that you can help people with, right? And then you figure out, what do they desire? So again, weight loss, that's one of those things. Yeah, it's really more more energy. Um, but then what causes you to stand out is a lot of times it has more often, even to do with especially in that field, because there's a ton of weight loss trainers and stuff that are out there, right, right? The difference maker really has to do with your own personal kind of quirkiness and charisma more than anything else. What sets you apart has to do with it's less of like you trying to fit the mold of what does a professional trainer in this field look like? Rather, what does Akiko as the unique, not like everybody else individual? What does she present to show to people? And it's like, I would say the first step is like, identifying that for yourself, in yourself and at the same time. Like, I think sometimes we can work so hard to stand out that I have found that when you sort of like, let go of okay, I need to stand out. I need to be different. I need to be like, we kind of let go of that, and we can more just be ourselves, right? And we're just who we are,

[445:23] Speaker 3: yep. And also, beginning of connects with people, yeah, session you mentioned about the musician thing, and you know, so most people out there like to lose weight, including myself. Hello.

[450:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So your journey too, and you can show we've learned along the way, right?

[451:11] Speaker 3: But it's just my clients are not reading weight loss isn't is not the number one priority for them, it's, it comes along with

[454:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: it, you know, what's the number one priority for them, mobility.

[455:19] Speaker 3: You don't want to get injured from falling or near falling.

[457:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah. So again, and you know, you know that really well, correct, right? Yeah, so that's where I would say then focusing in on weight loss might not be the best thing. That's what I would I'd rather focusing on where you have experience, right? You already have clients that pay you for this type of thing. You could get a little like, quote or two from different clients, as far as what they say about working with us, testimonies, right? Just write it out with their with a with their first name, and then we figure out, okay, like, again, mobility, like, you're like, that's what you're kind of promised. Transformation is right now, for some people, mobility happens through weight loss. Right? Happen through weight loss is

[471:21] Speaker 3: pretty much like a byproduct,

[471:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? Clients, it's more of a secondary,

[472:45] Speaker 3: yeah, because they start moving better and move more. Instead of sitting down all day long, they start walking blah, blah, blah, so they lose weight and the bone density. I get lots of clients happy with the bone density results, and doctor telling you, whatever you keep doing, what you're doing, and they're happy about that. But though the things don't really show in a before and after. The picture like a typical testimonial. So that's why it's kind of hard to do social proof and stuff like that. So I'm kind of really frustrated, or, like I read kind of little speck on that, just

[485:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I yeah, I would say that that could be a dis, that could be more of a distraction, as far as feeling like, Okay, I gotta have all these things for it to work. And since I don't have them. I'm gonna struggle when, in fact, a lot of those things are more just bonuses towards like what people desire. What is that desired outcome that people pay you for? What is that thing that you have experience in that you can teach and mentor people in without struggling or having to feel where you feel really confident to teach it to people, the before and afters and all of that, they actually matter a lot less than we think they do, than you think they do. What matters more is connecting to the exact outcome and desire that somebody has, and then you frame that into some kind of piece of content that you can deliver, that people can register for, where they can go through and they can learn from you. And then that builds your audience. There's a there's a guy I'm thinking of, have you ever heard of the the knees over toes? Guy? Do you know who that is? Knees over toes, okay, same kind of thing as you're talking about his testimonies, very few before and after type things. Okay, right. So his whole idea is strength where you need it. He's got 240,000 on Instagram, and he talks about specifically, a type of

[522:11] Speaker 2: workout

[522:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that is healthier for your body

[524:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: to building stronger knees. So a lot of people that he works with are healthy, but when he's marketing, he's not using like before and after photos or things like that. And a lot of his focus is, again, longevity focused

[531:19] Speaker 3: right here, yeah, I'm gonna follow

[532:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: see. So this is an example right here. And he has a very successful audience and following and social media around a topic that really is not built on before and afters or weight loss, but it's fitness related.

[537:12] Speaker 2: See what I'm saying.

[537:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that right here, that's one, just one great example. And let me see if I can find a few others.

[540:13] Speaker 3: Um, that would be great. I just found him. So follow a

[544:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see. Let's see if chat GPT can find us a few other oh people. But so this is exactly like an example of of this sort of thing, definitely,

[547:47] Speaker 3: and one

[549:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: of my, one of my clients that I worked with for the longest time. Her name's Dawn Palacios. Her coaching was always built around having more energy, feeling more vibrant, a lot less around weight loss, and she focused more on like restoring your gut health, and people would lose weight, kind of as a result of that. But she didn't lead with that. She led with Okay, here's the symptom, here's the problem you're having. I have a solution to that symptom and problem. Let me see what this what this can find here. Or we're looking up a couple of different so it's focused on performance education, fitness, performance education versus weight loss overall. Let me see it's generating us a few different

[566:18] Speaker 2: ideas here, even,

[567:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: even what my mom is doing, hers has a bit of a weight loss thing to it, but hers focuses more on strength, longevity.

[571:28] Speaker 3: Um, hormonal, menopausal,

[572:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, feel like, yeah, dialing in your hormones. She's really a proponent of, she's focused on, like, women balancing both their testosterone and estrogen. It she's 61 my mom's testosterone, I think, is 150 and her estrogen, I think, is like 120 or something. And at those levels, she's like, just feels like her best is the whole thing, whereas her levels used to be like an eight. So she's really dialed into like, that niche. And my mom's not a doctor at all, but she studied so much and worked with doctors, and so she directs people in these different directions. So again, like I said, it doesn't necessarily have to be before and afters. Here's another one. Let's see squat University. This one's all about the performance of a squat.

[586:59] Speaker 3: That's funny. That is

[587:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: squat University. So again, we're not leading with before and afters less pain, moving better, optimizing performance isn't so this literally gives you ideas for even how you can use that type of language right there for what you do, right? And he's got some he's got some books, he's got different products. So we got squat University, we have the prehab guys get out of pain and prevent injuries. Okay? So those are just all like, different ideas. On one side of the spectrum, you got like, weight loss. You got the fitness guys and girls that are all about like, you know, either like, transform your body get pumped up, or lose weight, or all that type of stuff. But then you have, well, it sounds like for you it's this more, this performance, education kind of a thing of of niching into very specific This one's called the ready state. Again, it's about mobility, weekly mobility updates that he's sharing with people, how to lower your back pain and things like that. And you could get ideas even from these pages or different pieces of content and ideas and stuff like that. So you see how there's actually a lot you can do where the before and afters are more of a story of somebody feeling better, maybe not necessarily a before and after photo, but you have but it, but it's right in alignment with what you already have done for so long, right and so And what's really cool is, what's amazing is the AI was actually able to help us find those people. And that actually makes me think. I'm like, gosh. I'm like, I wonder what it would pull up for Karen with the same prompt with AI, I wonder what it would pull up for Wade

[622:39] Speaker 2: as well.

[623:26] Speaker 4: What was the prompt? I had to pop off for a second.

[624:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So I had found, like somebody on Instagram, she was asking, she's in fitness, but she doesn't want to rely on weight loss and before and afters for Right, right, right results, right? So we wanted to find other people that fit into what the AI calls performance technique, first fitness accounts, which is, like, you know, so different than, like, a hype before and after weight loss type page. And so it's like, if we, and this is kind of like, we figure out, Okay, what's the niche that we're in. And then you could actually ask chat GPT, especially GPT five, the thinking model of GPT five is really good. It was able to find us like 10 people that literally fit right into that all around mobility and for her, but even for for your niche, being able to possibly find you. Some people that you could look at, like, how are they marketing and stuff like that. So, like, how would you describe necessarily, Karen, like, what you what you do and what your offer is, what you're helping people with?

[642:53] Speaker 4: Well, I've been working on a this is what's on a fall parenting reset. So the transformation, or the hook is, like, more more peace. Like, having a guide, a guideline, having a roadmap, so you have strategies when things get difficult with your kids, perfect, yeah, that's enough. Yeah,

[649:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's great. So now what we can do is, and this is funny, this is, this is how I this is how, like, really cool prompts are developed. Is like, just having conversations like this, I feel like we're we just developed, like, a new a new prompt that I haven't tried in AI before to help people because I hadn't the older versions of chat GPT weren't good enough to be able to do this. Yeah, the newer ones a lot better at searching things. Can you find me some people on Instagram who would fit into this niche? So I can get ideas for content and offers, so it's going to go to work, and I can even like, have it go into agent mode and like, take like, 1020, minutes and search for something like this. Not necessarily that we have to do that, but it's already pulling up a few accounts right now, and it's in its search What's your age bracket that you usually work with?

[668:13] Speaker 4: I would say, let's, let's say there's still some young parents in their 30s. Now let's say 40, like, let's say 40 to 50. Okay, yeah, this was one, yeah, because what I've learned from you yesterday, and then I popped on Alex for Moses training, just for a few minutes, and he was talking about marketing, like 65 plus for to a person. But I yeah, I might like, there's no reason to go really young. I mean, in the really young parents may or may not see the value of what I do or have the resources. I mean, not to speak in generalization, yeah, like 40 plus, yeah. And sometimes there are grandparents raising kids, yeah, with more resources,

[680:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is also showing how AI is almost replacing a search engine, because we could never actually get these results from a search engine, yeah, but the AI is going to be finding us. We're using AI to search for things more and more. I believe that's exactly how AI is going to start progressing. Is finding like, the most relevant answers much better. Let's let this finish loading, and then let's see what kind of page that comes up with one of them that it did pull up is, do you know who Doctor Becky is?

[690:38] Speaker 2: She looks familiar.

[691:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: She wrote the book good inside, okay, and it's, it's, it really does pull from a lot of the like, it translates like parts work therapy down for kids, yeah? And how can help kids? Know, Like, they're like, they're they're good, yeah, type of a thing. So I love it. I thought it was great. That's a great topic. Yeah, she's, like, just got a massive following around that topic. But let's see what else So, yeah, so she's the first one that this even pulled up here, the mom psychologist

[702:30] Speaker 2: right here.

[703:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Flip the script on yelling and power struggles. Scripts that actually work. So this is even like look so this can give us ideas for offers right here. Flip the script on yelling and power struggles, right there is her free parenting script pack. Look at this, oh, respond with confidence. Even in the hardest parenting moments. Know exactly what to say when your child's melting down, not listening or fighting,

[713:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: which didn't you have an offer kind of like that? Yeah,

[713:50] Speaker 4: yeah, no, that sounds like out of my playbook. I have a script, and it sounds, and I'm just thinking, like the sounds this this morning was the first day of school, and yeah, we had, we had agreed on what my daughter was going to wear, and then this morning she woke up and she's like, Oh, I'm going to wear my butterfly shorts. And I was like, No, we agreed, Doctor, Doctor, Siggy, but yeah, I had to be like, you know, like, gray rock, like, blank. Like. We're gonna wear it this year and wear your outfit?

[720:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I don't know. So, yeah, look at parenting toolbox, separation anxiety guides toddlers and then three to seven,

[723:12] Speaker 4: yeah? Because mine will break it down, you know, from toddlers up to teens. You know, the different brackets, yeah. So

[724:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, you can see, wow, these are examples of people that have built brands with hundreds of 1000s of followers.

[726:56] Speaker 2: Wow.

[727:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Around this topic that you have, yeah, nurtured first. This is interesting. Oh, now change to nurtured first. Here we go, helping to raise your children remembering what it was like to be little science backed child therapist. She has the Robot Unicorn podcast.

[734:05] Speaker 3: That's funny.

[734:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, look at this new episode. But my friend's parents let them Why can't I? Everything? So this is, actually, this is really great. I kind of like her vibe too,

[737:46] Speaker 4: yeah. I kind of like the way she set up that the grid, yeah, yeah.

[738:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, these are ideas. When I say, like, look at who's out there in your niche. This gives you ideas for, like, the type of content, and then you can always find, usually in somebody's bio, a link to like, what is their offer? What's their lead magnet, the thing so she's got a course parenting little kids, solving bedtime battles, principal activities. Her courses are, let's see, $142 right there, $78

[750:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then you can, you can even get ideas for like, bullet points, yeah, as well. And then that gives you ideas for, like, what you can, yeah, sell and offer the body Safety Toolkit, anger toolkit. So there's all these little, like, parenting toolkits that she

[757:11] Speaker 4: has, and I've created toolkits

[757:37] Speaker 2: before, yeah, yeah. So,

[759:20] Speaker 4: well, she's doing something right,

[760:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: peaceful parenting. Peace and parenting. I

[761:43] Speaker 4: think I follow that one, yeah. I follow that one, yeah,

[764:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wade, what? How would you again? I know we, oh, wait, you sent me your offer. So this is, here's, here's what we can do. We can just reverse engineer this right here. We'll take this offer. I'll say, I have an offer like this. I'll put offer copy and paste offer, and I'll say, Can you find me more people on Instagram that would fit into this niche? Yeah.

[773:45] Speaker 1: And be interesting to see. I did that while you were y'all were talking. Let's see if we got a similar list,

[775:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably, and you'll find these aren't going to be people exactly like you,

[777:34] Speaker 1: but what some of them I follow and like I try to be real explicit about what I do as far as being faith based. The first one that came up, I would never have said that they were faith based. I mean, they're cool and they're funny and it's a husband and wife team, but they're they don't talk about faith, as far as I can tell at all. Yeah. See,

[786:17] Speaker 2: who did it? Pull up for you.

[787:04] Speaker 1: Marriage 365. Is the first one, and they're hilarious. They're a couple. Uh, uh. And, I mean, they are just hilarious, funny, yeah. And

[793:25] Speaker 1: then they do have videos, like the one where she is in the red shirt, where they they do a little like mini teaching kind of stuff, but it's pretty they're funny. And then EXO marriage, that's a really big one, not really in my lane, exactly, but I haven't followed them, so I'll need to, need to look at them, but I'm surprised. Fierce marriage didn't come up. That's another one. And the husband and wife team,

[801:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: this one I'm familiar with right here,

[803:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: beating 50%

[804:02] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's a classic example of how to lie with statistics.

[805:13] Speaker 2: I What did I get it?

[807:10] Speaker 1: Well, everybody says the divorce rate is 50% but that's not true. It's more like 4% but 50% is a lot more dramatic. Yeah. Well, the number of marriages in the number of divorces in a marriage in in a year, is 50% of the number of marriages in a year. It doesn't mean that when you get married, you have a 5050, shot

[813:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: over a 20 year period, you'll see, this is a great example too, though, of people don't know that truth. Oh yeah, fierce marriage. So from a marketing standpoint, this is a great example of, like I mentioned, from a marketing standpoint, people still think it's 50% so from a marketing standpoint, them doing beating 50% fits right into the like, people's thought process of what the Yeah, fierce marriage was the first one that came up right here.

[821:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, they're big, and this is all they do now. They wrote a book called fierce marriage. They have a podcast, they have Bible studies, all kinds of stuff. They write a lot of, well, I shouldn't say a lot, but they have,

[825:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, his and her books, yeah. So they got the free ebook,

[827:08] Speaker 2: different book bundles, yeah, this is this,

[828:43] Speaker 1: yeah, a bunch of those, his and hers.

[829:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's the different courses they have right here,

[830:41] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah. They're going a little slower than I anticipated they would, because they have a membership site as well that the last time I looked, they were charging $11 a month to do it. XO is big on conferences. Yeah.

[840:17] Speaker 1: Uh, but they also, that's interesting for EXO it's, I'm not sure who started it, but now they'll bring people in. Well, I look at

[842:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I look at when I see these, because even for for Karen Akiko, Wade the way that people are, like delivering their product and stuff like that, may be different than what we're talking about here, but that's actually because it's not that necessarily they tried to deliver it here. Chances are they built their business through those different avenues, and they they probably never tried doing the marketing the way that we're showing how to do it is more likely the case. It's not that it wouldn't work that way. So what's great is you could take how somebody might do retreats over here, and you just translate that over to a group coaching or a group online cohort and all that same type of topic, and it works just as good, because you have the same kind of promised outcome For people as those types of things.

[859:14] Speaker 2: I feel like

[860:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a

[863:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a version of what you do Wade, and this just comes from my years of working with people I feel like,

[867:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: not exactly like the same way that like marriage 365 does things or or That, or fierce marriage, but like you stepping into this like

[870:54] Speaker 2: fun

[871:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: and even like funny persona, yeah, there's something there, I think for you, because I think that you are really fun and funny as who you are, yeah. But sometimes in your in necessarily, in your business or coaching and how you market it, it doesn't always come across that way, yeah? And so it's like, spontaneous, yeah? So it's like, how do we grab those spontaneous moments and kind of, kind of show them people. Because there's, there's one thing that I'll tell you is powerful that grabs attention on social media with marketing is humor. Yeah, it just it. You could have something that's funny and you'll get millions of people viewing it, whereas the same message unfunny would get, like, nobody and so, like, there's, there's a lot to glean from there. It's not, not like reinventing everything you're doing in that direction, but just like opening up to that side of it for you, like, even, even that funny photo you shared of you in the ocean with, oh yeah, whale like,

[892:36] Speaker 1: you know, let me show you this that my my daughter, intends to shame me with. This is you'll, I think it's hilarious. I'll share it with this group first. Where is it? Oh, why wouldn't it play?

[897:21] Speaker 2: What's this? Well,

[898:00] Speaker 1: I don't know why it won't play.

[898:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, press the play button. Maybe. Where is it? Covered by this annotator? It's on the bonnet, right there. Go down just a little more.

[901:32] Speaker 1: There you go. Well, now it's covered up. It won't let me play. It's wanting me to annotate. I have, I have a button covered covering it up.

[906:13] Speaker 2: Let me see.

[907:20] Speaker 1: Isn't that weird? Oh yeah.

[908:10] Speaker 2: Oh, interesting.

[908:58] Speaker 1: Oh well, it would have been funny, but it's me singing, ice, ice, baby. Oh, there you go.

[911:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Alright, love it. There's not any shame in that. I think that that's great.

[913:39] Speaker 1: I just probably need to loosen up.

[914:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like you're like, I feel like you're really loosened up with people you feel really comfortable with, yeah, you know, and like that will attract a lot of people to you online is realizing that, like, the scary world of the people on the internet that don't know who you are, they would actually like, well, now you'll have some people that that won't resonate with it, but the ones who do like they're going to love that. Yeah, and so that's another like kind of thing I just I always find, like in business, the more six the success comes by. Really, like, letting go of anything that we feel embarrassed about, and even doing more of what we feel embarrassed about publicly, it's very interesting dynamic, yeah, but I, but I've always found like, and that doesn't always work that way, But like, it can more often than not, help people connect with you more. Yeah. So yeah, well, you dance. I do. I dance a lot, like in normal life too, like without a camera, don't do. My kids, my boys, do as well. So it's oh yeah, honestly, like, our whole our house is just like, one big kind of dance party all the time, nice. Oh, it's like, it's super it is authentic when I'm dancing, because it's like, that actually is me and who I am, um, like, my little, like, 10 month old. He'll hear music, and he'll just, like, start dancing. You know, yeah, that's

[945:30] Speaker 1: funny, but yeah, I have a 12 year old twerker. I can't get her to stop.

[946:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, man,

[947:12] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah, she'd kill me if she heard me say that, but she does

[949:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: the dad, it's not called twerking. You're old,

[950:04] Speaker 1: yeah, whatever it's called.

[952:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is? What is the Christian millennial marriages?

[954:53] Speaker 1: Oh, interesting.

[956:16] Speaker 2: So that's another one.

[957:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that gives us some like ideas as far as our market research and looking. Up different different pages and people that are out there that are doing different stuff. So what I would like to do is I would like to I'm going to look at your offer here this week. Wade, okay, and then Akiko, where are you at with your with your offer that you're creating?

[967:37] Speaker 3: I'm just because, because of that thing, I kind of put it on hold.

[969:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, go. So confused. Let's keep it going again, and then, like, by the end of the week, shoot me something over on Voxer.

[971:31] Speaker 3: I will do that. You get over there, right and then,

[972:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Karen, are you still on here? Karen, yeah, I'm here. Okay, great. I think I had sent you a message on Voxer. Okay, I'm not sure if you had.

[975:53] Speaker 4: I have not been in boxer in a few days, so I'll get in there.

[977:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I had sent you. I sent you a few things, okay, over the last last month that you can take a look at. But, oh no, this is what I was going to tell you. I said I was thinking like you, seem to do really good when you get into a one on one conversation with people, yes, well, yeah. And so if you're able to even use your marketing to facilitate the ability to create a one on one conversation, that would be even more effective for what you're doing in this season, rather than trying to automate everything, not everybody, but like and this is what I find people have an advantage of doing, is the people who become leads on my email list, the People who follow me on my on my social media, reaching out to them, and then kind of creating that one on one conversation, even getting somebody on the phone with you, one on one or on a zoom call, okay, then you can literally just, like, totally listen to, what are their problems? What are their pain points? What are they struggling with? Mm, hmm. And then what you're able to do is you're able to just vibe with what you're naturally good at, one on one with people right to direct them to one of your programs, or something like that, which you're you're really good at doing

[1001:07] Speaker 4: Yeah. And so somebody in front of me and we're having a conversation, it's yeah, like, because I can, I just know what to do.

[1002:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the So, the idea is, I was just, I was thinking about this two weeks ago as well. I was like, since we started working together, you know how to generate leads? Yes, but then they're not converting to sales automatically. But if you added a piece where you turn each like as many of those leads as you can, into a one on one conversation, okay? And then what you're going to want to find is this. This is what I will try to find of those one on one conversations. Is there a pattern in the conversation? Okay? Are there standout problems and things that you find that each of those conversations have in common from those people. Because then what that's going to do is that's going to help direct your content, right emails that you send out, any videos, any conversations you have, and then you can even lead with some of those with people as a lead in and it's just it's a lot of business is identifying what is the pattern of the people that I'm connecting with? What do they all have in common with each other

[1023:04] Speaker 2: that

[1024:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can use to find more people like those people, okay, and so, yeah, since you're already like, you know that one on one works, I was like that. Like that actually bridges, I think the gap,

[1027:51] Speaker 4: yeah, well, it's really good is.

[1029:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then go back to think about, okay, let's generate some some leads. Let's find some people, and then start facilitate some conversations with people you've already connected with, rekindle some of that connection with those people, because you already have their information that you can start to like, you might not have their phone number now, but you could, like, after one or two messages back and forth, have them schedule a time with you, like, for 15 minutes, where you talk through something and you get to know them. And then you can use that as, like, one of the things that I like to do, too with one on one type conversations like that, is you do a two call sequence where you. Have like a 15 minute initial like thing, and then you could schedule, like, a longer time with them that's maybe 45 minutes long. Okay, find that they're a good fit for what you're doing. So you're not going to sell them on that first 15 minute call, but you want to kind of get them to commit to a longer call with you where you can then sell them your program at the end of it. And what that kind of does is it's I heard a marketer call it this. He calls it a micro one on one challenge, where you create a challenge for that individual on the fly in the moment, there's a few things that they can do together, and then you make them an individual offer. So again, it's kind of reframing a sales call, but really doing is you're just creating, you have these leads, you're creating a conversation. You're connecting with them now you're giving them action steps, and then with those action steps, you have a call to action that you can then follow up with to join a program with you. And sure it's just one person, you do that with a few people that starts to compound and then find the pattern that all those people have in common, and that's what we build our, a lot of our marketing around. So anything that's automated is really just a one on one interaction produced at scale.

[1064:57] Speaker 4: I like that, that maybe that's the missing piece. Yeah, right now, thank you. That's and

[1066:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I was thinking about, like, like, a week ago. Okay, was was that with with you?

[1067:34] Speaker 2: Okay? Was that okay? Alright.

[1069:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the same thing, I think Akiko, you could possibly even glean the same type of thing I told Karen, is, is creating some of those because you, you're already connecting with people over here, and we start to build our audience online. You already know how to connect with people one on one. You can connect with them around what you do, and see where that goes too. So, yeah, the goal is to not be doing one on one all the time. I was listening again on the there's so many great like, golden nuggets from that Alex hermosi Call one of the biggest golden nuggets is just like, sometimes, like one thing leads to another, that leads to another, that leads to another thing. And it might take, like, this might be the step and stage where you're at right now is doing these calls, but then that's going to build your understanding of the market, of what you need to say and do to close the sale that then you ought you build into automated emails, automated videos that then close at scale in an automated sense.

[1088:44] Speaker 2: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, awesome.

[1089:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, before we before we wrap up, here, is there anything else we want to go over? Anything else we want to look at?

[1092:03] Speaker 1: I've put some stuff in boxer. We don't need to look at it now, but when you get a chance.

[1096:15] Speaker 2: Let me see

[1097:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I posted something on my Instagram, a lot of people are liking it. It's just make it exist first, and then you can make it good later. Type of a thing. This is the first rocket that SpaceX launched with all this stuff right here, and then they made it like they condensed literally the whole rocket down to this basic thing right here, which is just that was unheard of in the whole industry

[1107:43] Speaker 2: right there.

[1108:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And a lot of people don't, don't realize this. You know what? That's a testament to it's just one of the best skill sets is finding the smartest people in the world and getting them to work on something that was a product. I look at anything great CEOs do, and it's always like, how do you mobilize people to work really well. Okay, so you sent me this thumbnail. What was the thumbnail?

[1117:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, this one here, right here, anger is destroying us. Yeah, that's great.

[1119:43] Speaker 2: That's awesome.

[1121:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then you sent me this. You want to launch this now the first session, September 17. Awesome. We're doing, I'm doing another thing with somebody September 17. We're doing a a $5 class with my mom. She's gonna be launching a $5 offer. So be 495 and it'll be like a two hour class that we're charging 495 for. That's the other thing for what you're doing right here. If you find Wade that this as like a free offer isn't working, you may want to attach a five to $7 price tag to it, yeah, the reason why is the conversion pixel on Facebook. It can track who's willing to spend that five to $7 and it'll find more aligned people. Yeah, by doing that, so that's another thing too. Is converting I I'm really considering, I'm thinking, I need to do that as and in fact, I know I need to do that. I should my next offer I put out there, I should do a $7.07 bucks. It's a class with me on Instagram ads, and just put that out there. I know it's going to convert really great, and it's going to get me more qualified people I keep it's funny if I if I was to point to, like, one of those areas of my own personal growth as i i say i need to do things, and then I finally do them, like, six to 12 months later, I need to just do them quicker. I'm getting quicker at doing the things I say I need to do, though, but I just find when running ads paid micro workshop is another great thing. And you might think of converting this to something like that, like a that

[1154:15] Speaker 1: was actually you were reading my mind, because I see these micro classes that are on demand a lot. I mean, they're 17, $27 offers, and you get a 60 to 90 minute workshop. And it, you know, it's essentially a webinar, yeah, yeah, it is. The ones I've done two Yeah, and one of them was complete trash, and the other one was actually

[1161:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty good, yeah, yeah, exactly. Yours

[1162:16] Speaker 1: Sergey from some Eastern Bloc country, and I'm like, Okay, well, all right, you got me,

[1164:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, but the, but the marketing was good, right? Yeah, that's what I mean, the marketing was great. And that's, that's the thing I always like, separate, like, delivery from marketing. You want to model really good marketing. Because, like, if marketing is that good, like, there's, it's doing something, right? But then the delivery wasn't there. Oh, it was terrible. The delivery matches the marketing. It's a win,

[1170:52] Speaker 1: yeah? Well, the dude had a wife beater on. It was terrible. I mean, the whole thing, it was horrible. I mean, so anyway, I was like, well, you live, you learn. But it was really great marketing. I mean, everything was good. So anyway, we'll be in touch. I do want to try to get this up and running. I still, I've got to actually record the webinar, and I've got to do the email sequence. I like the hook I'm doing. So, yeah, I think I feel, I mean, I felt good about this one until the the previous one until the end, and then I was like, I wouldn't do this. Why am I asking people to do this and then? But this one for, you know, it's going to be about 30 minutes or so the webinar part, and it's I could teach the I could probably start my recorder now. Well, on the content part, on the webinar structure part, maybe not, because I'm not, you know, I've only done it once, but

[1185:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're getting you're getting there, you're getting better at it. The last one taught you the process really well. Yeah, the next one, you're going to be able to crank out a lot quicker,

[1188:14] Speaker 1: right? Well, and this one is faster, honestly, I put the brakes on it because I wanted to run it by you and before I like it, yeah? Anyway, I

[1191:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: like it, right? Maybe I think I wouldn't do a 17 or $27 I would do like five to $7 yeah, I just think that price point for like a webinar, it's hard. Here's the thing, if people spend five to $7 the chances of them feeling disappointed by it is almost zero, right? Because we spend seven bucks, $5 on things that disappoint us all the time, and we don't lose sleep. So yeah, yeah, not that anything that you're going to do is going to disappoint people. But the reason why. I like to do that price point for if we're going to translate like a webinar that's used to sell things. I like that price point because it's high enough that, like, anyone who's not serious is going to say, Oh, I don't want to spend five bucks, right? But anyone who's qualified to be like, Oh my gosh, $5 that's a steal. And that's like nothing so that's why I need to, I need to take my Instagram ads, one that I did for free, and I need to just throw a $5 price tag on it, and, yeah, put that out there as my next offer. I think that's what I'm going to

[1209:39] Speaker 1: do, and that would be an easy thing to do, right? Because essentially, you're after you put your landing page, you just put a form in there that has a $5 that's it. Yeah, it's

[1212:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: literally nothing else is almost nothing else has changed in the sequence, right? The entire sequence is the same,

[1214:34] Speaker 1: right? And that's what I've for me. I know that the process will speed up as like, you have a mental checklist that you've been doing this 20 years. You don't even have to have it written down. I mean, you may for checks and balances

[1218:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: the webinar stuff I probably been doing for like, four years. Yeah, we were, we did more. We did a lot of paid what I've actually done more than anything else is we've done, like, paid classes. Yeah, that were like 27 to $47 and so I just, I think, like, the paid class model is, there's still a lot there, yeah, I think there's still something to say to free webinars, but I think the paid class model is there too. So yeah, but yeah, no, for for me, yeah, the checklist is kind of, it's, I could probably structure it a little bit better,

[1229:10] Speaker 2: too, but

[1229:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: already, well, the other two left off,

[1230:27] Speaker 1: yep, yep, and I gotta run. I got a client at four. I got a shower.

[1231:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And just, I just wanted to say something to you, just to kind of honor you. I just wanted to say thank you for trusting me to help share my expertise with you, and just, I'm really impressed and proud to see the growth that you've had. I think it's amazing.

[1235:59] Speaker 1: Yeah, well, thank you. I do. I do wish that I had, the first two months I had worked faster. And I don't remember if it was you or what, but I consumed a lot of your content and and didn't get to do get getting into the work, but the last six weeks, yeah, that first offer, okay, that just takes time, bumps in the road, not technical side of it. Now, like the four day offer part, you know, like this week I'm going to get it done because I think I have two clients today, I have two clients tomorrow, and four so it's a really slow week for me. So there's no reason for me to not get all this done this week, but, but I appreciate it. I really do. And, yeah, I've enjoyed, I

[1249:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: really think too. Like, I mean, you keep doing this for what you're doing, and then you could, you have a whole other business. Then you could then show other therapists and stuff how to grow their brand. Yeah, that's a whole other business that you could build,

[1254:01] Speaker 1: right, right? And I could, there's a lot that struggle, a lot that struggle

[1255:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: because, because I think that, like, you're really specialized in that. And so that's the other thing, is, like, I, I always say this to people, is like, once you kind of learn it, and you get it down, and you get the process, and you've done it, you've done the reps and stuff like that. You're, you're developing a whole other niche business that you could then market on the side of, you're a therapist. You use this for your own business to get clients, but you also show other therapists how to do it. And that, right, there is a whole other cash flow thing that you could add to, yeah,

[1263:04] Speaker 1: so there's a woman in Oregon, I think, that she started developing, she got tired of working all the time, so her model, she moved to one day, six hour sessions. And so she helps people market that that's it. That's all she does. And she also does two day sessions, nine I think she does, maybe she does 10 hour sessions over two days, something like that. Yeah, so I adopted it. I don't push it like at all, but I have it out there, and I I may have my first taker, but I can only do it in Florida. That's the downside. So I have to travel to Florida. But this I offered. I told this couple, I'll do it $5,000 for nine hours over two days. And they didn't blink, you know. So I got a real estate mogul and a lawyer married to each other. So

[1278:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, there you go. So that's awesome. I love that. Yeah, so we'll see just like, and that's where. I say like, you can glean so much from like, looking at your market and seeing, okay, what are other people doing? Yeah. And you can kind of filter that for you, because it's, like, the marketing side of things. A lot of that remains the same on the top end, but then, like, how you deliver it, what you teach, and all that, that's real nuance depending on your niche. Yeah, yeah, so, and that's where you have so much expertise. The

[1286:40] Speaker 1: this, there's a guy that made this transition before there. I don't know if you remember from your psych 101, class whenever, how many years ago that was, there was a behavioral psychologist called JB Watson in the 20s. I think, and I think it was, JB, Watson. Watson was the last name for sure. JB, I think, but he had an affair with a student, and they kicked him out, and he went into advertising and made a killing as an advertiser. He was like madman kind of guy, and his second half of his life.

[1296:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's probably, I think it was. JB Watson, so I think you're, yeah, that shows, man, I'm not having an affair. I mean, let's just get that off the table. No, no, it's good. But no, there's a lot of, I can see that being a temptation you got to guard yourself from as a therapist, for sure. Oh,

[1302:15] Speaker 1: I don't need any of these messed up women.

[1302:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah,

[1303:36] Speaker 1: yeah. I'm just kidding. It

[1304:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: gets no, yeah. Then he got into his advertising career right here in the 20s, created the Maxwell House ad.

[1306:39] Speaker 1: Isn't that crazy? I mean, stuff that we're still using 100 years later, wow.

[1308:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Toothpaste was a way to help increase sexual attraction in the consumer. That was his idea. Yeah, yeah. Again, it's tapping into human psychology. Really marketing, good marketing is understanding psychology, yeah, and identifying those patterns across a group of people. So, yeah, awesome. Well, cool. Well, hey, I'm gonna log off here, but I'll see you. See you in Voxer and on the flip side,

[1316:09] Speaker 1: yep. All right, have a good, good week. Talk to you later. Bye, bye.

