VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-06-03T19:56:22.000Z
Duration: 59 min
Otter ID: FEyseyKk2sqIWGUNtkCeJO-nQtw
---

[1:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? You're

[9:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, wait, how you doing? Good? Jeremiah, thanks for letting me know about that on that that page. Normally I hide those so it was, yeah, good that you let me know. I always set the price on all my products to, like, 100,000 so that nobody can buy them. Because I use a special, like in Thinkific, I use, like, bundle links that they product. So I only want people to come in through the bundle. I don't want them to, like, just buying the individual. Oh, yeah. So that's why I have the if you go in in there, all of the products are set to, like, 100,000 in my Thinkific account.

[20:50] Speaker 1: One day somebody is gonna go, Yeah, I'll drop 100k

[21:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'd rather they didn't. I would refund them right away if they did.

[23:06] Speaker 1: What's the guy's name that does crazy stuff like that? Oh, there's a coach. I can think of his name. He's kind of a new age kind of guy. He's British. Sure, I can't think of his name. I'm not sure. I don't know. Anyway,

[28:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've had a lot of great interaction with you, as well as with with Karen and the group and with Akiko and David. David's been traveling a lot, so he'll see this, and he's like, he went traveling, and then, like, something happened. And he's like, not been able to get on his computer at all for like a week. So

[34:07] Speaker 1: hello, Oh, wow.

[34:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then Akiko, she was on vacation, I think, for like a week, and so she's going through the the questionnaire. So you two are in a VIP program like this, I try to create a little bit of healthy, you know, pressure to, let's, let's, let's keep some forward momentum going in the main group. I don't at all. I did like I tried to run the main group like a VIP program when I first launched it, and it was just bugging everybody, and they would just because they were like, You're being too harsh on us. And I'm like, Okay, so the main group is kind of like, I have that dialed in pretty well. I like how it is, um, but the VIP here is where it's like, alright, let's be accountable. Let's Yeah, let's go, yeah. Let's get, let's get stuff going, moving forward. And that was always kind of the the goal that's and, by the way, just like for, for y'all own programs, that's as you scale things initially, I would say, build your like, one group coaching program. Build one group coaching program. Run it like you would just it's the best thing ever, like you would run a VIP, like you would run your highest level deal. But what you will find is that there'll be certain a separation of like clients that want a VIP and want, like, like, a little bit of more beginner level hand holding, and that's where the separation, it organically starts to happen, and it organically starts to separate out. Like, that is what happens So, but, yeah, so, like, you don't ever go into a group coaching program, like, starting, like, Okay, I'm going to deliver this style to this group, and this style that group that happens more as you work with I think we've had like 600 people come through there over the last couple of years in the in the wealthy coach Academy. And so that's what organically starts to happen. The other thing is, is I always, and I I mess up at this, but it's always works better if I focus on who are the people in the group that are doing the work the most, rather than trying to play catch up with the ones that like need to be dragged along, you know? And that's the thing with the dynamic with group coaching that's different than one on one is like, like, straight one on one. When you're doing one on one calls in a in a group coaching setting, there will be people that, literally, you could do everything go. Rate as a coach, they won't respond to you, they won't comment, they won't show up, they won't ask questions, and that and and that doesn't mean that you've ran the program wrong. That's just but, but, and I can see it my Stripe account, they'll continue to pay for like, two, three years, because they just go through the content. So it used to bug me. I'm like, why are they engaging? You know? But at the same time, it's like, you're only going to get maybe 10% of a group coaching program that's actually engaging every week. And that's that's normal. It's always

[91:18] Speaker 1: amazed me that people, like in other coaching programs I've been in, is that somebody will pay, you know, 567, $10,000 and not show up for calls. Yes, I'm like,

[94:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a lot of people. It's because there is an intrinsic there's a, there's a there's a a pleasurable reward that they get for paying for something and knowing that it's there and and I would bet if we audited their whole life, they do that in a bunch of other areas of their whole life too. Yeah, where they pay for stuff that they don't use, or they hang on to things just in case later, things like that, and they're afraid to take action in a lot of different areas, probably very hyper, overwhelmed with a lot of things going on in their life, a lot of relationships that are being pulled in different directions. They're not as focused. So it's just, you'll, you know, you'll notice like that. That's how people are. And again, when I like I thought that I was doing something wrong when I started this coaching program, what's great is I have the the years of working with other other coaches, and I think back like every other coaching program I'd ever built, we'd had 3000 people in the inner circle. Back in 2018 we had 3000 people that were paying 97 bucks a month. And do you know how many people would actually show up on those calls? It was hilarious. Yeah, maybe 25 of out of 3000 would even show up on the group calls, but they would keep paying the $97 a month. And so the other thing that people are they they're embarrassed to show up live, especially if they feel like they've not done work or things like that. And so then I'm like, Okay, well, great, I can help them with their embarrassment, you can't I, like, literally, it almost like drives them away. And, like, I tried helping people, like, oh, you know, don't feel embarrassed. The next day I get a message, Hey, I like to cancel. I don't want to be a part of this. Really. Wow. Yeah. So, like, like, I found, like, all the stuff that you feel like you're supposed to do with coaching people in an entry level group, coaching program, that's, like, under that $200 a month mark. You do all that stuff with people, and they literally run for the hills, and they don't want to be a part of it, but if you kind of like, let them go at their own pace and give people opportunities to move forward, that's what is the right balance point. You create plenty of opportunities, plenty of reminders, but nothing that feels like pressure or guilting anybody, or making them feel like, Oh, you're not doing the right thing. And then the other thing was, I realized, inside of any group coaching program, you need to give unsolicited advice the whole time, because people are paying for advice. I was like, Oh, I don't want to give unsolicited advice. And I had a lot of people, they would, like, they were disappointed because, like, I wasn't giving them advice. I'm like, Well, you never asked for it, but that's like, implied. So if somebody being inside of your group coaching program, it's implied that you're going to give advice just because they're simply there. So those are just a few, few little things with that. I know you guys are setting up. We've been talking about your signature programs and your group coaching programs, and so that's why I kind of was kind of leading in with that a little bit. Where are you? Where are you both at with that?

[149:02] Speaker 2: What's the, um, what's the website again, for the cheap labor?

[150:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, online jobs.ph. Okay. Online jobs.ph Okay,

[152:05] Speaker 2: so I really appreciate, I prefer to

[152:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: say low cost, because they're, I'm sorry, they work, they they work better than the people that are in the US half the time

[154:58] Speaker 2: because they're not entitled or they're not late.

[155:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's really great. Yeah, I didn't

[156:24] Speaker 2: know how to put it, so my My apologies, but you're good. I I really like the feedback in privately in boxer, and I love some of those, those taglines, so I've spent a lot of time in Canva. Yeah. Uh, you know, creating at ads or, okay, you know, messaging. And then I, I, I taken a break from Facebook ads, and I just put them back up so I can keep building my email list. And then I don't, I mean, sometimes I'll go in and tweak my landing pages, like ADD, because I'm over, like, paying somebody $300 to cut and paste, and I know how to, I know how to tweak it myself, like adding more of a story or just making it more personable. Yeah. So I get that sort of, I'm at the, like, getting more people to have their eyeballs on my things like, and then get on the email list, and then I have, I have lots and lots of videos like, and I've

[170:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: had, but you've done a great job of getting people on your email list. You were getting leads, but they weren't converting to sales. They're not

[172:29] Speaker 2: converting. Yes, so there's some, and I don't know if it's the messaging. And then I scheduled a few emails for June that have better messaging based on some of the insights I've gotten from you. And then I, you know, then, like, when I go back to any of the AI, like, I put in better, you know, better prompts, right? I might put in something that you gave me, you know, put it, put it back in Claude or, or chat GPT, or, and I, and I created some new images from, I think it was from chat GPT. They were pretty good, not necessarily my colors, the colors that I would pick, but they were good,

[182:26] Speaker 3: yeah, yeah, okay.

[183:31] Speaker 2: And people are subscribing and reading my blog. I guess that's good. But again, it's not, it's not a conversion, like,

[185:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, people, people purchase when there's a, there's a there's a spark that goes off in their mind okay, because we all do this ourselves. We gotta think about it in a very like this is where, this is where empathy is really good and and feeling what the customer feels right. And this is what I try to train myself to do anytime that I'm creating an offer. Is I want to feel okay? What is the customer going to feel at this moment, when this offer is made, is they're going to feel something like I have been waiting like you want somebody to feel like I have been Waiting for a long time to finally have or experience this thing that is promised by this group coaching program, or this course, but really in the sense of what we're talking about, we're talking about a group, a group coaching program, because I think that that's the best way to leverage, yeah, having, having a group, and so you want people to feel like, okay, I have found something that is going to solve a problem for me. It's going to give me an outcome that I have been waiting for, that I've been looking for, and that's what happens like Wade. That happens when you take your calls and you get one on one clients, you want that same epiphany moment, that moment of, it's a it's a raw emotion that they feel of, and there's like, like, just like, they will feel A ton of excitement and happiness and pleasure and joy about purchasing, not even just doing the program, because they're that it's just the feeling of even purchasing into the program produces that level of excitement and joy because they finally found something that is an answer to what they are looking for. And again, like I mentioned at the beginning, they feel that. And then a lot of people, like 80% of group coaching program, people in group programs, not necessarily VIP programs, because I'll see the number changes dramatically in a VIP program, the show up rate of a VIP program is like 80% usually it flip flops, but you will have 80% of people who sign up for a group program. That's all they wanted, was what they felt when they signed up. Yeah, and then they won't even, like, show up necessarily, because showing up challenges that part of themselves, their identity. It challenges themselves to come face to face with what, with what they have been avoiding all along. And now let's think about it. That's what that's what all of us do as well. That's what happens. That's why when we buy into coaching programs. That's why, like even everything that I'm sharing with you and and like everything that I'm sharing with you is exactly what goes on when people buy into my programs. Mm. Uh, it's the exact experience reverse engineered, and it and it's funny, it kind of like we're, we're we're grown up adults enough to realize that, okay, that's what happened. And so what we got to do is now progress to the place where we say, How do I make that experience happen for the people that are coming onto my email list? How do I reverse engineer that to where? Because if the product delivers, that's great. And I'll tell you this, I know a lot of people that have coaching programs that don't deliver on their product. Oh, yeah. So it's the norm. Like, terrible. It's the norm, yeah. But they did so good at making you feel like you are going to get you hoped and prayed for up to that point. So here's the like, the paradigm shift mentally that we have to do. And it's a, it's a, it's it can be very difficult to do is realize that that every coaching program that we've ever bought into that got us to feel that did a great job at their sales and marketing. They weren't failing at that they're good at. Yeah, they failed oftentimes at their fulfillment, they failed oftentimes at the delivery. And I'll tell you, part of it is, if you're in most marketing and sales groups, they won't tell you what I just told you in the last five minutes, because it makes them feel like they will look bad to the client if they pulled back the curtain on. Well, this is how I got you into my program.

[268:27] Speaker 2: Right, right, right, right. And I learned from,

[269:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, okay, the top it was within the first 30 minutes. There's a there's a training I watched with Dan Kennedy. It's this, like, 10 hour seminar that you can get, like, if you're a part of Click Funnels, you get access to it, and all this. And I watched it, and he literally, he did that same thing. He's like, Okay, so there's an interesting dynamic that happens where, like, you get everybody to pay $100,000 to come into this room. This is what Dan said to like, 200 people that were in a room that paid $100,000 to be here, and then you tell everybody what you did to get them in there,

[278:01] Speaker 2: like something happens that's kind of brilliantly honest, yeah, but it

[279:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: is. It is honest. And so that's but then flip it to like, everything that, like I have done, that I do to get you guys in here, is what we gotta create that same exact experience with the with the client, with the customer. So like, one of the things that I do as well, and I've started to do, and we have to do now, is I will, if I, if I can get somebody on Instagram or Facebook, and they're a qualified prospect, they opted into something, and I can get them kind of telling me a little bit about what their goals, what they're struggling with, and things like that are. I can usually also get that person to then also then join the group coaching program, because if we can get people to and so this is where we don't need to do sales calls to do this, especially not for your group coaching programs. I'll do a sales call for a VIP program like this, but I won't for the group coaching program at all. You don't need to in the beginning. Maybe you might want to just to kind of listen to people and hear what's going on. But there's an but like Wade, you've taken enough sales calls you know every single person who's buying into your one on one coaching. You can use all of that information and data. You can take the you because you have transcripts too. You can take the transcripts of your sessions, bring them into chat, GPT and find that and reverse any of that. And you've done a great job. I like your, like, your sales pages that you put together. They're really good, like, they're they're a great start for the group program. Um,

[306:41] Speaker 1: let me jump in, because you just said that the last two calls that I've had with people, I had one today, and I had one week before last, and closed both of them and, but they both said the exact same thing. Is, after our consultation, we felt hopeful. Yes, okay, and, and you said joy and another word, but yeah, it's hopeful. Hopeful is that that is struck me more than than maybe other couples in the past could have said that, but these last two, it was remarkable. I mean literally word for word, we felt hopeful, like for the first time in a long time, or something like that. It was pretty, pretty amazing. And that's just on a sales call. Mm. Or a consultation, create

[320:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: that hope in the sales interaction. To do that now we can, we can translate that same level of hope that we're creating. And I think that that's, that's what I'm going to go back to like for Karen here. That's what's great about a group call like this. I would say that a lot of times, the reason why people aren't don't buy into our programs is they just they they don't feel that hope like, Okay, if I buy this, I'm going to get XYZ result better than anything else that's out there that I could buy into or that I could spend my time on. So often times, the reason why people don't buy into our our coaching programs is because they just they see the alternative. The alternative of not becoming a client or buying the program is more attractive to them. They're more hopeful for the alternative of not buying from you than from buying from you. And it doesn't mean that we've done anything wrong. It just means that we gotta figure out what is that angle, that hook, that real, like emotional trigger that gets people to say, Okay, I'm going to go all in with you. I'm going to invest. I'm going to make that investment, I'm going to take the leap, I'm gonna do the thing. I'm gonna jump in with both feet. And so that's, that's where in your videos that you create, if you're creating, I think one thing is, if you create, like a webinar sequence as well, if you create a webinar, they can watch that that should create that in people, if you're doing any sort of calls with people, if you're direct messaging people. So these are all what I consider forms of a conversation. A video is a conversation. A call is a conversation. A message is a conversation, because it's a conversation where you're either monologuing and they're having an internal conversation in their mind with your video. Cuz anytime somebody watches a video presentation, they're having a conversation in their mind of some kind. Yeah, they're having a conversation with themselves. They're having a conversation with the different parts of themselves. They're having a conversation with their spouse or their family member. Hey, I found this thing. I'm thinking about buying into this. Okay, so, like, I think about this, I like, in my mind is that there's this world where I have potential clients that are out there, and so what is going on in their world from the time that they find me, that they opt in, to the time that they either decide yes or no or not, right now, right often times it's going To be a not right now, especially if you find the same people are consuming your content. And a not right now just means that that there, that you can create more content that is about maybe a different angle, or a different topic, or something like that. And you continue to nurture that trust in relationship. You continue to just loop it back. So it literally is like you're just doing this. You're looping them back to the finish line. Oh, not right now, not right now, not right now. Okay, yes, sale. And this might be month one, month two, month three, with you that they've been on your email list or they've been watching your content.

[379:54] Speaker 2: But I'm just going to point out, Jeremiah, like, I met you in person several years that was unique. Yeah? Well, I'm just saying like, that's how, like, I probably wouldn't be here if I hadn't met you in person, yeah, and seen you over time. I mean, yeah, that's not really on everybody

[383:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was that was unique, but yeah, part of it is because it was interesting. When I had met you, I had always, I had noticed that there was a lot of coaches that were going to FEM force. So I had in my mind, every conversation is a potential lead generation, true, yeah. So I had that in my mind, which is interesting, because I never was like, super salesy at all. No, you aren't. But I always mentioned a little bit like, Okay, what I do, where you can find my stuff, all that. So I was like, very soft mention that I would always do or

[393:12] Speaker 2: be something like, you'd be like, Oh, I just launched this, and 12 people signed, yup, yup. It's like, okay, so he's doing something, right? So, and I

[395:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: would talk about that. Now think about this. The way that I would talk, even at FEM force when I would see you, is very similar to how you send out emails, true, how you make social media content, how you make Instagram stories. It's this, it's, it's, and it's because I've been in the industry for so long, I just naturally. Really like talk that way, yeah, with people like, I like, I've started to, okay, it's funny Wade. Wade's going to kind of laugh at this one. I've always made it to where, like, I don't want to get any clients from church, like, from my church, right? Well, I started realizing I got like, four guys at my church that podcast and do coaching programs and courses, and I they don't even know a thing that I do at all. Wow. So well, they've never asked at all. And I don't go out there like trying to, like, hey, look what I do, type of a thing at all ever to anybody. But they have said, Hey, let's get together for lunch. And I've always said no to them, like, I'm like, Nah, I don't want to, you know, because I know it's going to turn into that if I do well, I finally, like, have a couple, like, lunches with people from my from my church, that I'm going to do. And part of it's because I'm like, I feel safe to do that now, I didn't feel safe to do that before, I was like, the only person that actually knew anything about me was my pastor at the church, you know, and him and I talk all the time, yeah, um, but it's like, I've realized, okay, everywhere that I go can be a potential lead generation opportunity, because I've never wanted to be that guy that's like, oh, look what I do in business and like, trying to be a billboard that advertises myself. But if you just are open to the possibility, if you're just open to the possibility in the conversations that you have, it can turn into something, and a lot of times it has to do with just our energy. And now we show up in those ways. So again, that's one lead gen opportunity. The other one is the same kind of energy, is how we show up online. And there is no separation between I want, I want all of you to understand this one. This is a big one. This is a paradigm shifter right here. There's not any difference between somebody on the internet and somebody in person. For us, often times it can feel that way. And again, it can feel like, okay, somebody's on the internet. I just always think of like every time I meet somebody online, I think of it the same way, as if I met them in person, and I don't act or respond or even talk differently between the two. The way I talk online is the same way I talk with anybody I meet in person? Wade's got a cough here, it's okay.

[445:38] Speaker 2: No, no, that's a skill or just a paradigm shift. Yeah, I think

[447:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just how we think about because I did

[447:52] Speaker 2: you know in person, marketing and therapy and evaluations for 20 years in person, like basically, until COVID. Okay, less than 20 years. But that mean that changed everything for me. I watched your video with Rick Pino. I loved it.

[451:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Which one was it? It

[452:05] Speaker 2: was you? Oh, it's so good. It was about getting on other people's stages. Oh, yeah, you know what?

[453:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that was, that was, that was an interesting video that we did that was the, like, I loved it. That was, like, the last month that I had worked with him during that time, and then I worked with him a little bit last summer on some ads and stuff. Yeah, what he's done, it's funny. So Rick, I worked with him, like, completely, like, it was just me and Rick, like, doing all the marketing and stuff, and I helped him scale that to a million dollars a month. And then he went and he hired, I think, like, 20 different coaches, like, all at the same time. So he took, like, all the money he made, and he just joined every program, every group, all of that, and so then, and what he did was he, he, like, completely reinvented himself. Now he's, like, lost a bunch of weight. Have you seen it recently? No,

[467:50] Speaker 2: I noticed he was a little bit round. Yeah.

[469:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotta show you this. Look at this. This is him now in the gym. No way, yeah, so he's completely like, No way. He's like, Alex from Ozzy, yeah. He's completely reinvented himself.

[474:08] Speaker 3: And what,

[474:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: and what, and what's happened was his, he went from total being in the ministry world, oh, that's where he was for the longest time, to where, like

[476:57] Speaker 2: that, yeah, that's he was that size, you know, with with a shirt on when I saw, yeah, yeah, wow. So there's,

[479:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's that, but not just the physical. The physical is. A manifestation, I think, of, I think what happened with him and his family, with his coaching, with his business and all that. So he's a completely different person. And I'll tell you this, I love Rick. I would say our personalities, as far as like working together, don't necessarily work together as well as they did before. And that happens, he's he operates on a different kind of level. Now it's not,

[487:03] Speaker 2: I think I know what you mean, because it's not like he's at a different or higher it's not that. It's just a different, no

[488:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: frequent, he's just, he's just completely transformed into, and I always told him this, like, there's a there's a version of Rick that is going to come out, that's literally a different person that nobody's going to recognize. And then that happened, and that's who he is now. Is it's, I think it's the version of Rick that he always wanted to be, but he felt like I can't be because I'm in ministry, and I have family, and I have all this, and I'm trying to juggle all of this. And as soon as he kind of, like surrendered a lot of that. And he just said, I'm going to focus in on what he did was, I know I know this because he told me this. He started taking care of himself. He didn't let go of the family. A lot of people think he started to neglect his family. I know for a fact he didn't, but he started taking care of himself, I think, for the first time in his life and and it not being about other people. It's like, what does Rick want to do for Rick? And I think that that was really cool to see because, because that was, like the missing piece right there for him. So it was like, like, it was like, there's, there's a level, I think, of like a healthy selfishness that he started to tap into. So but it's, it's funny as his personality is the same, like when you talk to him, it's well and as far

[509:03] Speaker 2: as, okay, so I've gone, I'm just gonna ask questions about being on other people's stages. Like I've gone back and forth with this for for a year, since the very beginning. Like people ask me to speak for their mastermind for free, or they asked me to come talk to their group for free, and I'll do it like lanes, an example from, you know, from other photo shoots, like, I think I spoke four or five times to her mastermind, like, I created these great presentations. You know, it's the prep, and then it's an hour time. And like, nothing comes out of it.

[516:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oftentimes it doesn't, unless you explicitly created, like, a deal structure where, like, there's an actual deal going on that you're going to be able to share the deal and clients with people.

[520:29] Speaker 2: Okay? So I do that, you know, and then I'm like, too later. I'm like, I don't want to keep giving away my Friday, whatever, you know, for but, but it is exposure. It is practice. I don't know like, and then I think, Well, I'm not going to do that anymore. I'm not going to speak for free.

[525:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I locked the front door. I think my wife is locked out just a sec. Oh, okay.

[526:57] Speaker 2: Do you get free talks like, Do you know what I mean,

[527:35] Speaker 1: like, or, no, I'm occasionally, but very rarely. I mean, I don't get asked that much. That's something that I kind of want to do going forward. But, you know, I, my world is very small right now. I mean, I, I don't even leave my house, May, except for church on Sundays. That's I feel very you know, working from home, it's great, but it's hard on the social life and all of that. So, yeah, I don't do all that much at all,

[536:30] Speaker 2: although you could, yeah, you could do it virtually, you know. I mean, if somebody asked, yeah, if you met somebody, whatever, in a room like this, and then they said, Hey, talk to my couples about, you know, communication or something.

[539:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you'll you'll find more connection with people in groups like this than necessarily even speaking to other people's audiences. Because oftentimes, too, when you're speaking to somebody else's audience, they don't want to invest into another person's programs.

[545:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, as well. Yeah, like they're already tapped out, like they don't need another so the exposure that

[546:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going to get while speaking for free in somebody else's mastermind, unless you explicitly can sell your product there to people right there on the spot. Because, by the way, there's, there is a mastermind structure that allows you to do that, where you literally will pitch and sell and CO pitch your product with the person in their mastermind. Yeah, that's how I would do it. That's how I did it with, like with with Rick, and that's how he's done it. Is where he's he would like sell it on the audience, to those people as well in the same audience. So, but if it's just like, Okay, go check me out somewhere. You're never going to get anybody from those unless it's like the with the exception of, if you're interviewed on a. Podcast that has like millions of people that listen to the podcast, so you would do better just going on podcasts, or like doing like YouTube or like online, just like public facing talks to their audience, yeah, not inside of somebody's paid mastermind, okay, yeah, unless you have that like structure in there, like I I had structured the thing with Rick, where I also got like 10% of all the sales of his product too. So I included one of my courses. He didn't have any courses. I included my courses. I got 10% of all the sales, we were able to generate couple $100,000 in that 10% of that, it was great. And like, you know, one month, I was able to make an extra 20, 30,000 so, like, that worked out well. And it was and he was like, let's keep doing it, right. So we kept doing that for like, a year. We just did that. It was great. Um, so that's where I think, like, the biggest thing is, is like, you gotta be when it comes to sales, passivity doesn't work. Even though, like, Yeah, you think it would. We have this kind of romanticized idea of like, okay, I'm gonna, like, people are gonna see the value that I have, and they're gonna come and buy from me. And I don't want to be salesy, and I don't want to, like, Well, the problem is, is that that equal equates to zero sales almost all the time. So you don't need to be salesy, because I there's a way to sell effectively that feels natural to you. Now, it might feel, and I have, I have talked to something. Some people, it may feel like, oh, like, I feel uncomfortable asking people to pay me money, or things like this for that, or whatnot, or asking for that. That's where, okay, we gotta address internally. Where is that coming from? Where is that the belief that's behind that? What is the trigger? What are we afraid is going to happen? What are we trying to avoid? And this and that goes into it's in in sales, in general, with getting a sale, it has a lot more to do with your mindset going into it than anything else. So

[603:32] Speaker 1: well that, and I'll just state my experience. I hated doing sales, that consultation call, and getting to that part and all that. But I also, like, did not have a framework for it. And then once I kind of understood the process. I mean, I'm I'm good at it. I mean, I did not have a process that the empathy part and, you know, helping my potential clients feel that I'm with them, and all of that I'm good. I mean, I would hope that I would be good at it. I mean, that's what I do for a living, but it has helped a lot. But it took the frame, getting the framework, to really have the confidence that I knew what to do. Yeah. So anyway, yeah.

[618:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, what was that framework for you.

[619:18] Speaker 1: Just allow so you know, what's the pain? How have they tried to solve it before? What's worked, what's not worked in the past, what you know? What's your hope, what's your dream? What happens if nothing changes? That's the basic it's five or six points that I have up on my screen over here, and I can just glance over at it and and then helping them resolve ambivalence. Although that's a whole section of my you know, my script, and I never use it. I think I've gotten good enough now where I can anticipate the objections well enough to be able to address that upfront, where they we get to the end and they're like, Okay, what are the logistics of it? How do I pay you? How do we get started? Yep, you know that sort of stuff. And it is,

[634:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is a little bit different, like when you have a one on one sales call, right? Versus a you're doing it through automated messaging, like webinars and videos and stuff like that. So that's why the structure that I like to do. Is, it's in our it's in our course that's all about creating webinars, creating challenges we I have that in the members area. And it's like the the three part structure of that is every kind of video that I'm going to be selling on, it always starts with me reiterating to them in the beginning part, like anytime that I make a video that's for the purpose of selling, which, by the way, is most is now it's most of the videos that I create. Like, if my YouTube video, my YouTube videos, I'm still have the purpose of trying to sell people on opting into one of my offers. So sales, by the way, think of it more persuasion has less to do with the money exchange and just more to do with the ability to get somebody to move to the next step. That's and if you think about sales in that perspective, it takes a lot of the money pressure off that you're not trying to convince somebody to give you money. You're just trying to convince them to move forward to the next step that works for them. And so in the beginning part, I always talk about like vision. I reiterate what they signed up for. I reiterate what they're going to get out of it. I give practical tools in the middle portion. This is like a practical aspect here. So this part touches on their heart. This part goes to the logical part of their brain. And then I and then I loop it back around where I do the sales part at the very end, and I reiterate just a recap of what I talked about in these two parts. And then I actually just take whatever my landing page is. This is why it's so like a lot, it's so simple. You build your landing page out that you're going to send people to. And then all I do when I'm selling, I just open the landing page up in a screen recording on my computer, and I just talk about what's on the landing page. I just go over it with them. So my selling part is literally just me going through the landing page with them on screen that is

[675:53] Speaker 2: so brilliantly simple.

[676:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's why, like, whatever, like the sales pages and I'm creating, I just use that as kind of like, okay, here's the program. Let's go through this. I scroll down to the headline. I'll literally, verbatim read the headline on, like, verbally, wow. I'll read, I'll read certain like standout sections. I'm not going to read like the whole like all the paragraphs, but I'll read like, certain standout, like bullets and stuff like that. And then I'll literally take people to the bottom, and I say, okay, so then you sign up right here. You click the button. I'll literally show, like, clicking the button, it opens up the page. You put in your credit card information. So you're showing people visually what it is, and then all they gotta do is just do exactly what you just showed them. Oh, and so that's where, like, the beginning part, okay, you cast vision for the positive outcome that they're going to get. This is where you reiterate. You can talk about objections and stuff too. In that beginning part, you can reiterate that you can, like, go back and forth with kind of that dialog. This is about getting people emotionally primed for the outcome. Then the practical part, because most webinars usually is you're promising some kind of a practical outcome in a webinar. So we're going to show you how to transform your body in 30 days. We're going to show you how to set up an evergreen marketing system. We're going to show you how to what would yours be, Wade if you didn't like, like a webinar. So

[700:47] Speaker 1: for I can tell you, because I haven't have it right here, let's see where is it right here,

[703:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: and start to get, start to get really good at being able to remember, like, what the hooks are for your webinar without Yeah,

[705:41] Speaker 1: this is unfortunately, yeah, yeah.

[706:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's part of you as you start to talk about it.

[708:00] Speaker 1: I know it's illiterate. I can tell you that. Where did I go with it? From? I don't know Jeremiah. I haven't rehearsed it. I obviously don't know it. I'm not finding it. Let's see if it's on my slides.

[712:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that's terrible. You're helping people handle conflict of their marriage well,

[713:49] Speaker 1: from from conflict to connection, something like that. Yeah.

[714:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so you you go through the practical aspects of that. You talk about the vision of what handling conflict and connecting looks like, what that outcome is, what are the things that barriers that stop that for people, so that's really touch the heart and the mind. Right, this part. And then the logical part is, we give the practical steps of, okay, if you do this, do that, do this, do that, because then that gives you a taste of your coaching that. And really, what that is, it kind of just validates people, like, Okay, this person's legit. They know what they're talking about. They've helped people before,

[725:28] Speaker 1: right, right, right, and then, and

[725:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: then at the end is where you just kind of go, then go down through your sales letter, and that's what, that's what, that's what a webinar campaign is. Now we got the little practical aspects of, like we got, we got the landing page, and we got the autoresponders and all that. But everything kind of hinges on, okay, what's that core message that we're going to get? If I can get 234, 100 people watching a video of me, where I can talk through, what having a business that makes six figures means for them? What having a business that makes seven figures on autopilot means showing them practically how to build it. What are the pieces to put it all together? And then I sell them on. Here's my coaching program where I walk you through I show you all this. I come alongside you and work with you through everything. That's what that structure is, what the webinar sequence is, and then if you want to loop somebody back to doing a sales call with you, it's the structure, like, what Wade had talked about, where you get to talk about them. Like, okay, like, what are your goals? What are the you know? What are the things that you've tried before? Where are you struggling? You get to hear from them what those are and what. And a big part of it is, when you're doing a sales call, Karen, yeah, you're asking those things so that you can, you can reframe it and you mirror it back to them, right, to say, Okay, this is a program that's going to be able to do X, Y, it's basically everything they said. You just repeat it. Well, you're going to be able to do x, y, z, this, this, and this and this. To do that. Now, while we're creating webinars, one of the things that we want to do is we want to say that kind of the same thing when we're casting vision in the beginning of like our webinar. And so I listen, I listen to what people are typing, what they've said in my coaching groups and all of that. What are the goals that people have? What are their struggles, what stopped them from getting there? And I'll reiterate it right back in the webinar itself. So if I create a webinar, I'm just thinking back to like yesterday, based on how to how to finally get your coaching program launched and out of the idea planning stage, that might be a great webinar for me, right? Not something I've ever done before, but actually kind of fits, because it goes back to what brigida's question was. It's literally her exact question reframed as a webinar, right? So that's the other thing too. You can take the questions your clients have asked you, and you just reverse engineer them back into the webinar content, so you're not having to, like, use chat GPT to come up with all this magical stuff, you just, you take what you do every day, serving people, and you turn that back into something. Now I'll meet a lot of people where they're like, Well, I don't serve anybody. I don't have any clients yet. I'm like, Okay, then get some people for free that you're working with and listen to what they're struggling with. Like, yeah. Like, get, get somebody to tell you, I have a problem. Please solve it for me. Yeah, and they don't even need to pay you to be able to say that.

[782:23] Speaker 1: Like, I also do Facebook groups if you're a part of if someone is a part of them. I mean, I'm a part of a huge marriage group, and I'm an admin in it. People see all of it, yeah, the stuff that people post. I'm like, I thought about copying some of that stuff and just putting it in chat GPT to kind of organize it. And I mean, some of it I don't want to deal with, because there's some wacky stuff that people are doing. I'm not that's not my thing. Yeah, you don't need to deal with all

[790:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: that stuff now. Now one thing I will say with the Facebook group thing, yes, the questions that people ask in Facebook groups, though sometimes are like, they're they're outliers, yeah, of, especially if it's not a paid group. They're outliers of of somebody just seeking validation, or their their they're asking it because they never would get a coach anyways,

[797:57] Speaker 2: yeah? Or trying to get something for free.

[798:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those, yeah, you do want to be a little bit careful with pulling. From some of those ideas I like to pull from, what are the questions that my paying clients are asking me? Yeah, yeah. About how do we get ads to work? How do I get more leads? How do I close more sales? How do I get my offer up faster? How do I get unstuck out of the launching stage of my business, how do I feel more confident? It's like, if I just take all that like, that's what all of my marketing just needs to talk about, all that. So we think about that for you guys, you can just translate any sort of like, the interactions that you have with people into and and again, it may be any, anytime it's like a one on one interaction, specifically, even if it's in a group setting, if you have a one on one conversation interaction with somebody, like, if I'm talking to wade right here, I'm going to log that in my mind as to, like, what's The question that he's asking me as a potential idea that I can use for a lead magnet or for a video, or for a webinar or for content. And then I start to notice my goal is. I want to see, are there 20, 3040, other people that have the same question? You start recognizing the patterns, and then that's what shows you, okay, there's a lot, a lot of people asking the question. So I look back at my my career, back in 2021 I did an analysis that I had, like, never looked at in my career. And I was like, okay, of all the people that I have ever worked with in my life, what industry are they in? Well, they were all coaches and mentors, but I was trying to sell to everybody who had an internet business. So I had made a mistake. I had, like, made this mistake where I was trying to sell to everybody who had a business online, when the ones who actually were paying me to become clients, they were all coaches and mentors. So I had realized that I had inadvertently, naturally created a niche for myself in that and then it started to like, I'm gonna get just give you a great example of my progression to where I'm at here today. Okay, so I'm going to start marketing to all coaches and mentors. Well, I realized there's a lot of different flavors of coaches and mentors that are out there, so I started running these webinars. And half the room didn't want to do anything to do with online marketing. They wanted to, like, know how to coach people and like in their church or like, and it's all like, Okay, I mean this with all due respect, y'all, but I don't, I don't know how to do that. Like, I'm not gonna, like, I don't do that. I know how to do the online marketing. I'd have people that would join my my webinars, and they would argue with me, like, I don't want to do anything online. I'm like, then, why are you here? Well, because you said you could help me get more coaching clients. Oh, okay, so my landing page wasn't specific enough about the methodology that I'm using to get coaching clients. I started. I started attracting everybody that wanted to be a coach, and 90% of them didn't want to do anything online. And by the way, there's actually a great what's his what's his name? Who's the guy who wrote the prosperous coach book?

[855:16] Speaker 1: That's who I'm talking about that I mentioned earlier. Okay, that guy, yeah. So

[856:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: his whole book is like, don't use online marketing. So all those people, I just told him, them to go read his book, yeah? Cuz it's like, now there's some great gold in that book. Um, but a lot of it can be really like time consuming. I think it's good in the beginning, but I think automating stuff with online tools is better. Rich Litvin.

[862:15] Speaker 1: Rich Litvin, I don't know if that Litvin the prosperous coach and Steve Chandler, yes,

[863:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: thinking about, yeah, yes, yeah,

[864:57] Speaker 1: Rich is the guy that's London and La based,

[866:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, I think I only know of Steve, not rich, so, but yes, so, and again, all of that's great. And I think that there's some great gold in that, but that's why I was attracting all the people that would be great for, like, their product, but not for mine. So then I started to have to, like, put in my sales copy, okay, if you want to build an online coaching business to get clients through. And I eventually started to realize the ones who are becoming clients, they really wanted to know how to do stuff, with Facebook ads, with lead generation, with webinars, with campaigns like that. And so that's why, like, it's just progressed to where, because I was I would do a lot of webinars. We're like, Okay, how to start a coaching business, how to create your own course from scratch. Mm. Things like that. And a lot of those people were just like, disappointed by my program, because they were like, it doesn't touch enough on creating a great course. It doesn't teach enough on creating a great like coaching program. And I was like, because they, they were looking for that. So then I was like, Okay, I need to niche down more to people like they, they, they know how to mentor people. This is where I'm at. Now. I want to find people they know how to mentor. They know how to coach. They're not looking to me to show them how to be a mentor or coach. They just want me to show them how to get more clients through the internet. So I progressed from everybody on the internet to to coaches to then online coaches to then people that are existing online coaches, that know how to coach, and don't necessarily need like me to hold their hand. You. Because they've been doing it a while, and they and they and they, they know they have a structure, they have a framework. They know how to get people results. And that's where I've kind of like pivoted over in that in that direction, right there. Now I can help people with everything in that Gambit, but that's why my group coaching program, I'm analyzing the data. That's what I'm saying for my offerings, I'm finding okay, my best clients are the ones that come in for this purpose. I have people that are in my program that maybe they didn't come in for that purpose, and they still love it, and they're still a part of it, but the my front end marketing is towards the group of people that is most likely To be a long term success story for me. Mm, so, so that's where, like, how do you get focused as to what your offers are, as you figure out who are your best clients that you've had that have gotten results, and What questions did they have, and what did they come to you for? And every one of my best clients is still always come to me for the thing that I'm doing now, as far as the front end offers goes, as far as that front end hook goes, so that's what we want to think about when we're creating our offer and then when we're creating our coaching program. Now our programs themselves can cover a wider range of things. I might run an offer that's just for Facebook or just for Instagram ads, but then I'm going to direct everybody to one coaching program that covers everything that I'm doing, because then that's covering the wide gambit of all the different stuff that I do with people, which I'm I'm starting to hone in more and more on just this one thing. Now that I'm attracting people in, I'm still going to give everybody the content, but I'm going to, I'm getting more focused on that. So alright, alright, alright. Anybody you got any other questions here on that at all? No, cool,

[934:33] Speaker 1: yeah, I'll follow up. I got a couple of things I want you to put eyes on, but, yeah, this has been good. Yeah,

[936:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll look over that. That's great. Well,

[936:55] Speaker 2: I'll do some. My next set of YouTube videos will be leading, read like going over our landing page. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Sorry

[939:27] Speaker 3: I I'm in between appointment. I gotta head out, and I'm always in a shadow. Sorry about that. It's just the timing. It's not really you're good. So instead of sitting in the car listening, I went for a walk and watching. And it was really good. Very helpful. Thank you so much, and I gotta head out to the next appointment,

[944:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: alright, yeah, I'll talk to you on on Voxer,

[945:22] Speaker 3: thank you. Nice to meet you guys. Bye, everybody, bye, bye.

