VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-09-23T22:53:36.000Z
Duration: 61 min
Otter ID: P1AEGFevQODsZYChYAYNSF1K-5Y
---

[2:10] Speaker 0: Oh, perfect.

[4:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, David, how you doing?

[5:04] Speaker 0: Hey, Robin, how are you? Hey, good to see you. Hi, David.

[6:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: You too. I was talking to David privately for a moment. He is. He had asked if I could talk to him separately before the call. So just no worries. And I know you had said that you were, you were taking a break, so I wasn't sure if you're going to be on here. But How you doing, Robin? What's been going on,

[11:22] Speaker 0: just taking care of myself, moving through the process, figuring out what I want to offer, and kind of phasing it out, phasing it in. I think that's good to think about, rather than feeling like I need to offer like 100% of the portfolio of services, just kind of figuring out what I want to ramp up to and what I want to offer first. So that's kind of what I'm thinking about these days.

[17:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, does this time work? Good for you, Robin, it does. Okay, cool. Well, we'll, we'll keep this time. I kind of, I kind of actually like Tuesday being at four.

[20:37] Speaker 0: I need to take this I'll be right back my doctor. No worries,

[21:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: no worries. I'll talk to David about what we were talking about. Okay, so, David, we were talking about ways that you can generate income. You're offered kind of a similar place where Robin is even she's developed a big gambit of stuff, right? So it's identifying, what do you want to like? What's a what's a result that people want, that you're going to deliver to them, David, that they want to

[29:28] Speaker 2: learn from you. That's the messaging right now isn't as developing the right messaging for what people want and to tie into what they want, and wrapping my messaging around that. So to me, the way I'm looking at this, from my own perspective, is this is a way to supplement a little bit of money without that work. You know, you're a little short, you want to go on vacation, or you want to do Christmas, not going to debt. You want to maybe do an investment to start your business, or to run ads or something, but this, this would fund those things without having to go into debt, without having to use your credit card and keep it going. I mean, I've, I've done enough of it. I can make, you know, $5,000 a year, pretty with, without much trouble. Yeah, I had more assets. I could make more. But, I mean, it's, you know, four to five grand a year extra. And, you know, here's what I was thinking. I mean, my guarantee is, if you don't make back what I what you paid for my program with your first attempt at this, I'll I'll refund you. Yeah, I can guarantee I can make them two or three or $400 on the first try without hardly any trouble at all.

[47:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. So another thing for, for a factor like that, there might be some, some way of adding like affiliates to it, where people might even be able to affiliate your offer.

[51:36] Speaker 2: I have definitely, I'm on a platform where I can do that.

[52:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and so where, where your offers challenges is making it believable to people, mm hmm, and making it sound really easy, mm hmm, but also believable when you make it sound easy, because it's kind of like, it's kind of like, the easier it sounds, the less believable it is to people. The the the the but, but here's what you could say that helps it be believable, like in your messaging, you know, like, this isn't about, you know, making a making a million dollars overnight, but this can help supplement you and your family with a little bit of extra money. And so you put that in there, in even some of the sales copy. And so I'm trying to think again your offer.

[65:12] Speaker 2: Here's, here's another angle I've thought of, you know, give your give yourself a raise without a new job, without talking to your boss, without selling something, without MLM, without posting on social media. Yeah.

[69:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think the question everybody's going to ask is like, well, what is it? What's going right? What is this thing, right? And so at some point you're going to reveal to them what it is, and is that, when they buy into the program, is that going to be so here's So, here's what I found, is you're going to want to give away some of it upfront, right? And figure out, like, what that is, and

[75:58] Speaker 2: then monetize something beyond that on the

[77:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: back end is like, like, the full system. So what you'll need is, you'll definitely need more. You'll need some proof to show people. They'll need some, some kind of proof. Um, and see offers like this, they they can, they can make a lot of money if they're done the right way, if people believe that they work.

[83:55] Speaker 2: Yeah, so the belief factors being credible is going to be really super important.

[85:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the credibility and the believability part of it is the kind of the big part of it. So have you thought about how to address that?

[87:43] Speaker 2: I haven't spent a lot of time thought about thinking about that, but I now I feel like, since I'm ready to actually turn on the spigot, I need to so I can have the messaging that connects with people and makes it believable.

[92:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like your money back guarantee, and that's good, guaranteed to make them.

[94:09] Speaker 2: I won't even put, like, a time limit on it. I'll just say if on the first deal, the first attempt at doing this, you're not, you haven't made back your money. Yeah, I'm willing to refund you.

[97:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what would we what would we consider like, the space of a deal to be like, like, describe everything to me how you would put this in sales copy?

[100:03] Speaker 2: Well, basically what you would do is I would give you a list of different banking institutions that you can look at. I'll give you national ones and regional ones, which is one thing I've included as a bonus. I've already done the research for you so you can find you don't even have to go look for the offers. I'll tell you where to find them, okay? And then all they have to do is basically set up an account there, yeah, set up a direct deposit, and they're done. Okay?

[109:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yes, I mean half an hour, yeah, and I know that there is, there's a whole market of guys I found on YouTube that kind of teach

[112:07] Speaker 2: a lot of that. Mm, hmm. I found some of those too, yeah.

[113:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so look at what their offers are, that they're doing, right? So, like a lot of it is, like, how to get funding. People talk about that, yeah. Marvin's page, this is more about credit.

[118:18] Speaker 2: But, yeah,

[119:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: this video, I'm going to show you how you can, so you can this video

[121:08] Speaker 2: I've seen, I've watched some guys on Tiktok that look at that talk about credit. You know, your credit score and making yourself more credit worthy and stuff. And I could probably listen to some of them and some of what the angles they take too and morph them.

[125:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, a lot of the angles that they take this for their offers are that they they've done all the legwork for you on how to do this, right? So what you're buying from them is kind of that legwork that's been done.

[129:27] Speaker 2: They also have skipping the research and skipping having to figure out skipping the

[130:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: research, it's a it's a proven way to be able to get some funding that you need fast, no matter what financial position you're in, right? And, you know, without it needing to be credit, without it needing to be that, though, if you have, you know, credit, and you could add, like, a credit repair piece to it, and things like that, right? So that would be kind of like building around that type of messaging. Would be something like that, yeah. And so then what, what you would do is you would want to make some kind of a video training, and you could make some YouTube content as well, because I think that topic runs well on YouTube. You could make some kind of, like a video training, that op that people opt into, right? That's where you sell the paid offer on the back end of that. Now, I'm not sure how Facebook ads is about offers like this, right? So you might need to frame it differently for Facebook and build your community in a certain way. But, um, so you have this in mind now. Now the secondary thing, the other offer that I was thinking was like, if you teach people things on like how to use, how to use AI and things like that, that could also be an offer that then those you can promote on Facebook, ads, you can promote everywhere the the videos do really well through YouTube, things like that, like an AI based training

[157:04] Speaker 2: for people. I actually do have some pre some stuff that I've bought that have I have rights to, yeah, or and

[159:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: those. Be Kind of like the two paths that I would look at for you.

[160:57] Speaker 2: Those are the ones I've been talking about and want to do. To get captured doing those fast.

[162:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, get that, get that one, like, kind of first offer out. And then what you can start to do is you can start to build like the David, I don't know, do you have a name for your company

[165:04] Speaker 2: or, well, I'm gonna brand myself as David Joel since my Yeah, so, yeah. So the

[166:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: David Joel community, start building this David Joel community of and really what it is, is it's people learning how to make money in unconventional ways that they can do some side hustles and like your community sort of is like showing proven methods that work to be able to do that, that you've done, that you help people do, whether it be building something with AI, whether it be doing the banking stuff that you're talking about, those would just be like two the things that you could offer People now you can build a community around that. Mm, hmm. That's kind of like your big picture is something like that. And then you and then you just figure out individually for your offers, what are those individual offers that are going to get people in as far as, like, lead magnets goes for those So, right, right. Okay, so that's where we're at right now, is, is that? And it's kind of putting together the lead magnet, putting together even you know, your sales pitch is gonna have to be really strong if you're gonna do it as a free lead magnet, if you do it as like a $1 or even like a $5 webinar, so Five bucks for this information, you're going to want to give people something now you can subsidize any sort of ad cost if you're doing that right, yeah, and you'll get more qualified people

[189:19] Speaker 2: for it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I get how that works.

[190:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay, alright. I don't know if Robin's still here with us, but

[192:21] Speaker 0: I'm here. Oh, hey, what's going on? I just went off camera while David was talking about his process.

[194:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, you're good. Yeah. So where are you at with everything, Robin?

[195:51] Speaker 0: So I'm looking at, you know, there's a lot that I've done in the past that I could offer, but I really want to, like, start smaller and kind of ramp up. And so what I'm looking to do is figure out, like, what to offer now and then scale up and and be okay with starting smaller, and rather than wait until I feel like I have 100% of what I normally offer clients, I feel like it's better to start small and then ramp up later. So that's kind of the evaluation process I'm looking through right now.

[206:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so, and that's, that's great. It's kind of like, what's one key area that you could say, you know, that there's a there's 100 200 people that, like, they really need help with, that you can teach them, that you can help them with in like, let's say, if you record an hour long training of some kind, what would that like? One key thing be

[214:22] Speaker 0: that's a really good question. I had been thinking. I had been thinking more of like the corporate comms work that I've done, and and business analysis work and development work and that kind of thing, and wondering, how to offer some of those services in a way that's more in a as a vendor model than as an employee model, but think about the same kind of services, and so that's kind of where I had been going with that. Thinking, Well, okay, I mean, I could go get a 40 hour a week job, but a lot of those are, you know, people are getting laid off and that sort of thing, but there's still work to be done. And so I thought, Well, is there a way to sort of off, hang my shingle out in that way, in the comms way, and say, Well, okay, do you need requirements written? Do you need workshops hosted? Do you need content written? That sort of thing I've been kind of thinking about because that's the kind of work that I could do, like, with my eyes shut and my hands tied together, and that with so many other changes happening, the idea of doing stuff that's like, super easy to me and almost boring in a nice way, stuff that you can do, like in your sleep. And, yeah, I just been thinking about that. And, I mean, I'm not opposed to if I need to take on a contract and, and do you know, do the whole employee thing for a few months in

[239:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: regards to you teaching other people how to do work? Are you getting some work and jobs yourself? What are we talking about?

[241:11] Speaker 0: I mean, I'm willing to do both. But my initial thought had been, what's super easy. I remember in training with your mom years ago, one of the things she used to talk about, and she probably still does, is with some things that are so natural to you, they're so easy to you that you could do it like with your eyes shut, and then think about like, that would be a good place to start. So I thought about, I thought about that, and thought, Well, okay, if even you know as an employee, employees are getting laid off, but contractors are getting hired because it's billed differently. And so even though the same work needs to be done if I sell myself as a vendor, especially like a women owned business vendor, and just go be geek girl for a while. And so I thought about the kind of stuff that I've done as a contractor and as an employee and just doing the work, but like,

[256:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: have you gone on LinkedIn and reached out to people through there?

[257:36] Speaker 0: I certainly can. I mean, I'm active on there, and I can continue to reach out. But the thing that caught my attention with this is, you know, DICE is like the nerd LinkedIn, and I've been getting a lot of recruiters pitching me on projects, and the bill rate, the hourly rate, is good. And so I thought, well, if, um, either I do that as as a subcontractor through them, or, you know, if they're open to me using the LLC and being a vendor, I'm open to that too, and just kind of seeing what the cost would be, but it would be really it would be really nice to do stuff that's while I'm having to reinvent, like so many areas of life, it would be really nice to do things that are super familiar and easy to the point of almost boring. So yeah, that's kind of what I've been thinking is, like, make some money instead of spending money because I'm like, living on savings right now.

[273:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a very good that's a very good point. The idea of it's almost boring, I'll tell you, if you can take what's almost boring to you and then just scale it like that's actually where a lot of wealth comes from. My mom actually has been telling people that for a while too. Is is that, you know, find something that might be boring for you and then find out how to sell it multiple times over, because really the boring stuff is actually what makes a lot of money when it's in demand. So that's I'm even like, because I'm always caught up in the like, personally, I get caught up in like, the dopamine of what's the hot, sexy, exciting thing that I want to share with people. But then it's like, yeah, but people just want the basics, and that's actually what kind of pays the bills more?

[289:26] Speaker 0: Yeah. I mean, I still definitely at some point want to do the coaching directly to consumer and and serve in that way. But when I'm getting recruited for jobs that are like so easy, they're boring, and it's like 80 to $90 an hour, and it would be like so unstressful to just show up and do it. That just sounds really lovely to me right now.

[295:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that sounds like, have you fielded some of those conversations and kind of taken the next steps in in those and, you know, they're legitimate, right?

[297:31] Speaker 0: They are legitimate. They're because dice vets things both ways. Yeah.

[298:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I was looking at the site, it looks like they have a pretty stringent kind of like hoops you got to jump through to they have a

[300:46] Speaker 0: lot of hoops you have to jump. You're part of it, so part of that. And so I'm I told them that I'm open to w2 but that I have an LLC, and so I'm open to being a subcontractor, and they wouldn't have to pay me benefits, and that way I could run it through my business. So I'm open either way. But the idea of, like, with so many other aspects of life being changed, changed and like, that's actually like, a legit thing, like change fatigue, when you have, like, so many factors that are changing all at the same time, the idea of doing something that you could do in your sleep, and it's just so nice and easy, yeah, at least have something not change. And I mean, I've done this for 30 years, and the idea of just doing stuff that's like really easy for me, that just sounds really appealing right now. And so, yeah, I was just kind of thinking about how to pitch that. I'm going to continue to reply to these, because it's very different when you have a recruiter that owns that knows the hiring manager, and they've already vetted you to the point that they've asked you to apply. That's very different than just sending your resume to HR. Like you've already been screened a lot before you get to this point. So yeah, I could see that. And then if there's any way that I can bill it through my company, I'd really like to do that.

[322:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Probably, Hey, David, have you ever heard dice

[323:53] Speaker 2: of dice? Yes, yeah, that's

[324:37] Speaker 0: cool. Yeah, it's more about it and but a lot of people, you know, they're looking for people that have certain certifications and then certain experiences. So because I have the comms and the it, that's, that's kind of a rare hybrid skill set, and they seem really happy about it. So I just, I love the idea. And then, you know, I just got my office repaired. Remember, I had those repairs need to be made. So that just happened. So my office is ready to go. And so I'm going to just, you know, pursue that. And then I'd like the idea of putting that out as an offer. You know, I still want to build out a website with my name and kind of talk about services, but I wanted to talk about just scaling and, you know, first offering the boring stuff. So I think it sounds like a good thing to move forward. A good next step is to continue to work with these opportunities that are being pitched to me. And then think about, well, okay, let's just build out like a capability summary, and first focus on the stuff that I've done, mostly in the corporate side, because if all these employees are getting laid off, somebody's going to have to do the work. And from what I have learned from accounting, the an invoice for contract work shows up on their profit and loss statement very different than salary for like an an employee. And so from it's better financially for them to hire a vendor than it is to hire an employee. And I would rather be a vendor. So I just

[352:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't put it under salaries. Is why P L is done under salaries. So it'll it's considered a different type of expense, and especially depending on the company and they're looking for investors, contract labor, seems to be more favorable in this market. The the I know a lot of things in the in the changing market, and we've talked about AI a little bit. A lot of people need somebody who can manage, like aI infrastructure, to inside of companies or manage people to build a AI infrastructure, things like that. That's been a big shift as far as in technology companies is using AI to do a lot of tasks that were done by humans, but then you still need a human to manage the top level.

[366:45] Speaker 0: Yeah, I actually got to be a part of some of that early adoption stuff where we called it bots instead of AI, and I helped them write the requirements around the developers who were like writing the Bots for, you know, to automate certain processes. And so I was the bridge person between the business who had the need and then the development team and basically telling the development team what to do. And so that's like the whole writing requirements, basically, and just doing all the comms to sort of connect the the people who are who are requesting the software, and

[378:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: then for you to do, yeah,

[379:02] Speaker 0: a lot of the same thing. I think they call it business analysis, but it's basically being the bridge between the business and the development team and giving the development team their shopping list to work on.

[382:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, exactly. And that's highly in demand.

[383:24] Speaker 0: It's very fun for me, and I've done it for a long time,

[384:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: because the development team is a guarantee is using AI to develop stuff, but they that's not going to translate what the business owner is necessarily wanting, right? So that's where you come in, exactly kind of be that, when

[388:33] Speaker 0: also just kind of helping them spec out what they need. And so, because we have to define the finish line, and that's how the requirements are, like our shopping list of if it does A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, then if that is there, then you just check it off. And this is how we know we're done. And if it's not, you know, if it doesn't check it off, then we just keep going through another sprint of development. But anyway, I just thought it would be good to kind of find a hybrid way of like doing the things I did as an employee, but doing it as a vendor.

[398:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, functionalities there. That's great. I I've always done that. That even as far as I've not been an employee necessarily since 2018 so it's been eight years, but I still do a lot of the stuff, like when I'm consulting people, and even when I'm coaching as I do a lot of the same stuff that I did when I was necessarily employed, I do with people, and I've built my brand around all the skills that I've had with the types of people that I've always worked with. So because I've always worked with coaches and mentors and business owners, and then how do they get their marketing, all the different pieces of their marketing out there to do those things. And so I think, like just translating that into where you're at, there's a specific, you know, subset of people that you've always worked with, right, right? And there's, there's needs in the market that they need. And so how do we find those people in the ones that are going to be the most worth your time to work with? And then what's your capacity and limit to your capacity of of that work, and then how much do you want to max that out? That's kind of how you want to that's how I would look at

[423:33] Speaker 0: that's totally the things I've been asking myself too. I'm I'm agreeing with you.

[425:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe take on, like, one better role and see how you do with it, you know, just one. And then see how we do with it, with the thoughts in mind. Because could you handle, like, four or five different companies at once,

[429:17] Speaker 0: depending on what their cadence was? I could, because there's a there's an amount of overhead that they assume, that, you know with this cadence of however long the sprint thing is, it's usually six weeks, so there's a lot of workshops in the first two three weeks, and then there's sending the requirements out for approval. And while you're waiting for approval, they're normally assuming that the employee is just going to be waiting because they can't stop feeding their kids while the stuff's out for review, right? And then when things, when the approval comes back, and then you move on to the next round of edits in the next six to eight week sprint, six week sprint, well, as a vendor, while I'm waiting for approval from client, a for them to, you know, reprove the draft or give me notes. You know, then I could be running workshops for client B and just bill for my waiting time with the other customer. I could see that working there, they're assuming that there's other things that I'm, you know, I'll be looking for things to do, to stay busy, because when, if it's a, if it's a 40 hour a week contractor thing, but as a vendor, you know, I'm willing to it's the same money for me, really, because I know what they charged from you before, and I know what I made. I'm not really supposed to know that, but they showed me accidentally, and I I took note, you know, yeah, so, I mean, I know how much they charge for me, the last contractor company. I know how much they charge for my the client, for my time, and I work for that client for three years, so I know I made the contracting company a ton of money, and that's fine. They sent me there, but I want to start billing the the bill rate, not the pay rate. And if I already set up the infrastructure, why shouldn't I get both halves of that, you know? So, yeah, just something for me to think about, yeah, where the actual work itself, and if that, if I'm billing the bill rate, you know, they usually charge 200 for me, and they usually paid me like, I don't know, 70. So, I mean, that's $130 an hour profit that they made, which I could make. And then if I'm making 200 an hour, if I'm billing 200 an hour. However much I pay myself is up to me, right? But it would be easy for me to, you know, I could live quite easily on just working 20 hours a week. So it's just, I'm thinking about how to position all that and just take the same value add, and then just re, re offer it as a vendor and not as an employee. This is kind of where my mind is going.

[477:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I think the biggest thing is, then from here is to kind of put these ideas into action, and, you know, do the uncertain thing. Okay, do the thing that is, you know, take those, take those kind of next risky steps to to put the wheels in motion, to do these types of things. I I've always found that, and I had I had a I had somebody tell me he was a really high level consultant for a bunch of companies. I've always found this in my life, is that I can think about ideas for a long time, but until I sit down and take action. And by the way, taking action off oftentimes doesn't take a lot of time. It's five minutes. Once I do the action that I've been thinking about doing, a new layer of creativity like it's almost like, in our minds, we have this book, and we're just staring at this one page right here, and we're imagining what's on the other pages. But as soon as we like take action, we end up turning the page, and we end up having all of these ideas and knowledge and creativity show up that it seemed like it was impossible to tap into until that sort of action, that risky action was taken, of putting things out there. And I say David for you, is like, as soon as you build that offer, you start marketing it, you start putting it out there. There's something, it's, it's, it's almost like it feels magical to me. It does, because I I've seen it happen so many times where I've literally just kind of sat on, okay, an idea, and I've sat on it, and I've sat on it, and then as soon as I do something with that idea, whether it failed or worked out really, really well. Um, and by the way, like I look forward to when things fail, personally, I always have this perspective where I look forward to things not working out more often than when they do work out. It's something I've always done that's helped me, because then I say, okay, what are the gaps that I need to learn in this? Like, I'll give you just a great example of that from the past weekend. Okay, I've been, I've been trading stocks really well for the last few months. My last month of trading stocks, I think I did close to 30,000 in profit trading. It's amazing. My two my son went to the emergency room on Saturday, and then our other son went to the emergency room on Sunday. My wife and I, our nervous systems were just shot. And I will tell you, I went from like feeling confident trading to like, yesterday was my worst, one of my worst stock trading days that I've had. It was just not, I didn't lose money, but I didn't make any it was like, Okay, I made something. I wasn't there, up here, and then today even was a little bit more of that, but it was better than yesterday. Um, and in the past, like I had a coaching call yesterday with our wealthy coach academy group, and I feel like I did a great job with that call and what I taught on it in the past, I would not have been able to have taught that call. But what I look at is, okay, my my quote, unquote, failure at trading stocks. Now it wasn't this crazy failure. I actually had a really crazy failure. I lost $15,000 in about 10 minutes trading four months ago. I made it all back within two months, because I know how to do that with trading. But it took two months to make back what I lost in about 15 minutes so, and now I've made above and beyond that amount right now, and I'm like, okay, that failure. What did I learn from that? Well, what did I learn? I just don't even touch options trading. That's what I learned. It was, it was an options trade that I had done, and I just, like, just over I it just went to zero, and I put like, 12,000 into it, and it just went to zero, you know. But like my actual stock trading, I'm about an 80% win rate with my trades. I actually had chat GPT map that out, and so I know, if I stick to what I know works, it's kind of boring, but it works. I can be successful with that. And it's a great it's a great side income stream that only takes me, like, an hour a day. And so with that, it's like I look forward to. I. Uh, not that I'm hoping that chaos happens or bad things happen, or things like that, but almost like how a Navy SEAL pushes themselves to the limit to see where their breaking point is, I look for my breaking point to strengthen it. How can I border up like, okay, emotionally, this happened with the kids. How can I become more resilient? So it takes me less than 48 hours next time to get mentally to where I want to be with trading. And by the way, I think it was less than 48 hours. It's about 36 hours, um, I spent this morning and this afternoon kind of getting back into that. And then before this call, I traded stocks. I find trading stocks, for me is a great scorecard, because it shows where my brain is. I traded right before this call for 30 minutes and made $900 just doing that for 30 minutes. And so it's like, if I can see how I can take action even when things don't go how I want, or I had a failure yesterday, but I get back up again, and I keep moving forward and I look for things to just keep the momentum and the consistency going. It creates habits inside of me, of resilience, of what to do during the hardest moments in my in my day in my life. For instance, you know, Robin, the hardest days that you've had over the last two months, learning how to get where you're just 1% or 2% stronger the next time. You have a hard day like that, and then you start to like, re like, rejoice. I'm not at 100 but I'm I only went to 98 not down 100 you know, I like, I'm thankful. I had a bad trading day, but I only lost $60 instead of 6000 right? You know, like I was like, thankful for that. In the back of my mind, I'm also like, Yeah, but you didn't make anything today. You wasted your time. You were up 2000 and then lost that 2000 by lunchtime. You know, which again, okay, I look at okay, the winning trades, what did I do? The losing ones, what? What happened up here and right? And there's a difference. I can literally see night and day, difference in how I was thinking between those moments. Oh, yeah, and, and it's like in business, in our resiliency. And then I look at that even when it comes to getting distracted, like distractions, when it comes to staying focused on things, when it comes to making sure that we're staying consistent in in building our business, what are the things that we can do to shorten the amount of time that it takes to get stuff done, shorten the amount of days that it takes. Speed up. Okay, I'm going to go from point A to point B, and I'm going to start to see the momentum happen again. And I'm going to start to see that my my wife and I, we have this fun thing in the mornings where we the goal is for me to be able to start trading stocks by 830 in the morning. And we figured out it takes her exactly 30 minutes from the time that she like goes to the bathroom to take a shower until she's kind of ready to take over with the kids. So we need to make sure that we get her into the into there before 755 or I'm not gonna be able to start trading when the market opens. And literally, like yesterday, we weren't ready till 10 o'clock in the morning. You know, that's our like default kind of coasting through the morning. Type of day. Today, we were ready at 850 tomorrow, let's see. We'll probably be right at 835 you know, we'll probably be five minutes over, but it's great. And so it's just like making a game of it to where each day you sort of like, look at, okay, what did I get done today? How was my focus today? And we don't beat ourselves up. We, we, we truly like, love ourselves through the process. We love ourselves through the good, the bad, the ugly, the hard times, the the lack of focus and that self criticism that we have that comes in realize that like that's that's just a part of us that wants to be heard, but that, like, I had this happening yesterday. I had a lot of self criticism over something.

[637:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find I project self criticism onto other people that I was imagining, that somebody else in my life was actually criticized. Me, but they weren't. And I was like, projecting this sort of like, well, you know, David, not not you David, but like, David thinks this about me, it because I'm doing this, and he's judging me and all this, when really it's me, inside of me that's criticizing me. It's something inside of me that's thinking that and then finding peace in the fact that, you know what, like, I don't need that self criticism to help keep me on track anymore. I can stay consistent because I want to do these things, rather than because I feel guilty or things like that. So anyways, I'm just sharing that because as we go and we transition from where we're at right now to where we are working towards in our businesses, there, there's going to be battles. There's going to be days where it's going to be tough. There's going to be days where it's going to be easy, but loving yourself through the process and taking a look at okay, what like? What did I do better today than I maybe would have a month ago? What did I do better this week than I would have a month ago. How am I improving in the big picture, in the grand scheme of things? And start to pay attention to those things, and then I also pay attention to okay, what's not working as well, what's not coming together as well as I want it to, what is starting to hinder me. I find, like, I find, for me personally, there's a there's a certain level of in my life when I'm building my business and growing things, if I play just a little bit of video games, it actually helps me, but then I can cross over into like, okay, it's not helping and it's wasting time. And I found, like a week ago, I was playing a little too much and wasting time side of it. So I had to back it off a little bit, because I realized where that kind of threshold was. Taking a look at just in our lives, all the different things that we do. I take a look at the conversations I have with people. I take a look at what am I doing on social media? I took a look at how I'm using my time, where I'm putting my focus, because a lot of that ends up priming us for the things that we're trying to do. Outside of those things, the things that we're doing in our business. One thing that I love to do is like, if I want to brainstorm something in my business, I will go clean the house and start to process and dialog with myself through those things as I'm cleaning the house up. Just those are little things that I do, all that that help with that. But hopefully this kind of like encourages both of you a little bit. Yeah, on how to stay focused through that. What do you think, David,

[688:53] Speaker 2: I do think so. I appreciate what you just said, and I think it'll help me. I think we mentioned before. You mentioned to me before that you sometimes do time blocking. Set aside, you know, I'm not going to be distracted by certain things for like a half an hour while I work on this one thing, you know, yeah, that way things don't even like. Random thoughts in your head can distract you and Oh, I thought about this. Maybe I need to stop and do, oh, yes, you know,

[696:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I have that happen all the time. I

[696:48] Speaker 2: think here's something that here's something that I've come to a realization, I feel like all the stimulus that we have now. Social media, the short content, has kind of ruined people's ability to actually focus on things. To me, it does because there's it's too easy to get distracted. And for somebody who already has ADHD, it's probably, you know, magnified to even bigger factors. But even in general, somebody who, who I in the past, I wouldn't have considered myself as having ADHD, but now I'm thinking, sometimes I behave like I do, you know, I want, I gotta delete my emails. Oh, let me check my let me check my notifications on my phone, on Facebook. Nice, you know, 10 minutes later, you know, you got to put it away.

[710:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's kind of like learning, like, how to work with

[711:38] Speaker 0: that there's sort of a meditative thing about doing things that are mindless. Like cleaning house is where I get so many creative ideas. And it's just so lovely, because in with the world being so complex, when you clean house, there's a problem and there's a solution. You can just stare at your solution, and it's so cool because you made the problem go away. And in the middle of that, it's sort of like a nice background for my mind to think. This is actually where I got the idea. Idea this weekend of, okay, I do want to do coaching, and I do want to write an offer and bring in retail customers, but how about I kind of hybridize this whole corporate work that I've done and and start with that first, because that would be easy, instead of having just two worlds of only corporate as an employee and only business owner as straight to consumer with group, you know, group communities or whatnot. What if I kind of picked a middle ground, and what if I took some of these functions I've done for corporate customers and offer to do it, and this is sort of my hybrid offering that all of that came from this meditative process of house cleaning this weekend.

[731:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So again, I think the biggest thing for you, Robin, is figuring out where you're going to find those people. And, you know, getting some of the conversations going with that this week, yep, and seeing, you know, where do you think you could be with this by next week?

[736:45] Speaker 0: Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to follow up with all the recruiters who've asked me to be to apply to be their employee, and I'm going to say, Hey, I love this kind of work, and I'd love to serve your client, and I've taken the time and money to set up an LLC. Could I be a subcontractor rather than be a, w2, and see what they say to that, yeah, if they're open to 1099, see if they're open to B, to B, because it's less, it's less expense for them, and it would give me a way to funnel money through my business. Just see what they say.

[745:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, there you go. Great. What about you? David, what are we? What are we going to start with this week,

[748:06] Speaker 2: I am going to use a couple of tools I have that help me write emails to you know, and I want to set up a landing on landing page, like we talked about earlier, and at least get some people into my list and start communicating with them, yeah.

[753:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: So show me, send me over what those are. When we get that landing page going in some of those, I can start to review that with you. Okay, anything that you want me to review too. Robin, I can do that as well. Okay, just through boxer,

[757:00] Speaker 0: okay, alright. How are the boys now?

[758:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good Kyron, the he's going to be one in three weeks.

[760:37] Speaker 0: Doesn't it seem like he was born like 12 days ago. Good lord,

[761:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe, maybe two months ago. But yeah, the he rolled off a footstool onto a toy, and wasn't even a sharp edge of the toy. It's literally like a rounded edge, but it cut through the back of his head like a whole inch. So he had to get three staples, but it was just bleeding everywhere. We had the the EMS come over. And then the next day, Halston, he does this game where he like rides on my back like a horse. And it's, it's pretty safe 99% of the time, unless he decided to jump diagonally at the table, and so then that literally did the exact same thing as his brother cut right into the back of his head side of the table did. But we took him in, and they said he did not need staples. It was just a surface cut so and he's healing up. But I think that probably, I think it put mom and dad through the ringer more than anything else.

[780:33] Speaker 0: Oh yeah, I'm a boy mom, and I'm telling you, the one time I decided to roughhouse because I thought that looks so fun seeing my son and his dad do their little, you know, fake growler or doing their roughhousing. So I thought, I'll try it one time, my son reared his head back and his skull hit me right here and broke my nose. And for like, a year, my nose was mushy until it healed it, and there was nothing they could do, just wait for it. So I'm like, the one time mommy tries to play rough, and then I get like, you know, I heard my nose break, and I was like, Oh, my God, that really happened. So I got lucky. I'm all retired from that,

[791:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: huh? Austin came at my lip about a month ago, got me right here with this skull. Didn't get my nose, though.

[794:32] Speaker 0: So all that to say, like the whole boy mom thing, like, yeah, boys or boys, it's, uh, you know, but you want their adventurous spirit to keep going. And so what a balance it is. You want them to be medically safe, but they you want their adventure spirit. You want to support that. So it's a daily thing. But I'm, uh, I'm so. Proud of you, and I'm so grateful that they're okay. And it took so much discipline for me to be quiet and listen, because my, my my mom brain was like, tell me about the boys. Tell me, are they okay? So yeah, the Yeah.

[804:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: The hardest thing was just kind of like, okay, let's not let this derail us from our routine and our habits and things like that and stuff like that happens and like, you know, like yesterday was just really hard for us. It just felt it just felt hard, like the whole day was hard, yeah, yeah. And so today feels a lot, lot better, good, just for everybody. I think my wife's doing a lot better too, so I think was the hardest on her. But yeah, okay, well, I want to stay in touch with both of you over Voxer, and just kind of keep the momentum going. And David will, will help you get stuff going so you can start making money with all this. I think you have some great, great ideas. And I think once you start connecting with people and communicating with them, Mm, hmm, you'll, you'll be able to get some sales. Yeah, what you're doing because you you've been around the space of learning online, really, both of you been around the space of online business for forever. I know that, and so it's kind of like there's an exercise that I do often, and I do it sometimes I just like, imagine, like, if I was somebody who isn't me, but who is, like, way more successful future version of me, or just somebody who I really look up to that's a mentor. Like, how would they respond in this situation? What action would they take today? You know, yeah, and I found that that always, that's that has helped me often, and sometimes I'll just, I'll, I'll not that I espouse everything that he teaches, because he's more teaches kind of a lot more of a burnout approach. But like, I'll watch some of Alex for Moses videos, and I'll just get energized up and like, okay, like, what would Alex do if he was building this offer type of a thing, the type of energy that he has, and kind of borrowing energy from others just by watching their video content. And part of it, I think it's just my, my empathy that I have. If I watch a video of somebody for like, 2030, minutes, I start to pick up on, like, their their excitement and their energy, and it energizes me then to go out and do what I need to do. If I'm feeling, yeah, that's

[844:48] Speaker 0: how I feel about Ed mylett content. Yeah, totally, yeah, yeah. He's like, breakfast with it, yeah. I mean, I watch a lot of a lot of times I'll watch one of his podcasts while I'm eating breakfast, and just have breakfast with Ed and just kind of, yeah, you know, absorb some of that.

[850:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a great thing to do too. Just on like the days when things are feeling feeling hard or feeling difficult, is put on a podcast during that moment, and shift the shift the atmosphere, shift the energy. You know, I find that that's extremely valuable and helpful to do. Yes, bit by an ant on my foot.

[857:18] Speaker 0: Oh, mean, little suckers, ain't they? Yeah, I'm telling you,

[858:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have, we have so many fire ants here in Texas on our property. We have this service. They they put a bacteria in the ground and they then feed it to the colony, and it kills them all. So it's like a natural way.

[863:14] Speaker 0: And wow, it worked great. Really, I need to hear about that. That's important stuff. Okay, yeah, no, it works great. Yeah. Voxer, that link to me, please, sir, I will. No, I'm serious. But all, all things considered, I think now, compared to a month ago, I'm like, way better, and now compared to two months ago, I'm way better. And the I walked away from what appeared to what if you, if you saw it, you would think, Wow, that was a fatal accident, and I walked away without a scratch. And so for me, I just feel like I've been given this second life, and it has really changed me. I know I sound very Brendan Burchard, but this is just the way it went down. I mean, I'm uh oh, I mean, and I, I just feel like God has given me this Second Life, and so I just want to, I want to just offload as much value as I can. While I'm drawing breath today, that's just kind of how I feel, like I just feel very it reset a lot of things for me. That's good.

[879:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's good. I. Think especially if, like we're somebody who really is a is a strong person like you are, when we go through hard times, sometimes those moments that seem the hardest shake us up to come through it with a new perspective and like, like, I'm like, I'm just so thankful for everything in my life today, after this crazy weekend that I had, you know, yes. So yes. On the on the other side of the hardest moments of our life, there's always a great story and lesson to tell and things that we can remind ourselves of. But when we're in the like the ending

[894:25] Speaker 0: of It's a Wonderful Life when he's so happy to see the broken band. That's how I feel I walk around the house. I love my kitchen, I love my yard. Like I just, yeah, I and then I also just felt like, let's just, if I that's what I was trying to express on Voxer is I thought like, okay, let's say, let's say I just decide to offer, there's any number of things I could offer, and let's offer maybe 45% of like the full skill portfolio, but let's just 45% brought to market, is more money than 100% not brought brought to market. Let's just sell something. And that's kind of how I feel, like it's even if you feel like it's a percentage of what you possibly could, but just, just get it out there. So, yeah,

[908:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's awesome. All right.

[909:53] Speaker 0: So nice to see you. David,

[910:33] Speaker 2: thanks, Robin. We'll look forward to watching your journey and participating in celebrating your wins. Yes, same for me,

[912:55] Speaker 0: and I'm sorry I didn't get to see all of the details of your offer. I had my doctor call that I needed to take the call.

[914:55] Speaker 2: But I have a pivot that's happening, because I just got informed that I'm going to be losing my job. So it's like I'm looking to replace my income and

[917:10] Speaker 0: getting kicked out of the nest, and it's time to go do something else like now, yep,

[918:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're in it too, right?

[919:11] Speaker 2: David, I am in it. Yeah, yeah.

[919:50] Speaker 0: How fun. Well, you know, we're in the Voxer group together if you need I'm a geek girl who's in comms, so feel free to pick me. So, yeah, yeah. Happy to, happy to step up. It's I've worked in the development space for you know, like software development, for a long time. And I'll tell you how old I am, and not going to tell you in years, I'm going to tell you that I actually taught windows 95 as a trainer.

[928:31] Speaker 1: So I

[929:03] Speaker 2: remember very well when Windows 95 was released. I very, very well remember the windows 95 release?

[930:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, our first computer was windows 3.1 I was, yeah. I was four years, five years old when we got it, yeah, I played windows, and then Windows 3.11 for work groups. We had 3.1 Yeah, work groups, we didn't have 3.1

[934:47] Speaker 2: with the Norton, with the Norton, uh, manager, whatever the thing was, oh

[936:00] Speaker 0: yeah. I remember, I loved my connection. Oh my gosh. I mean, I worked it. I remember when Compaq became HP, and they were both my clients, and I actually helped him with the rebranding effort.

[940:18] Speaker 1: So, yeah, wow,

[941:26] Speaker 0: that was a long time ago.

[941:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a really fun show on Netflix that's based on compact computers history in the 80s called Are You know what the show is?

[944:59] Speaker 0: Robin? No, I'm just thinking about I was at compact on that campus back in the day, but tell me about the show.

[947:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's one of my favorite TV shows. I watched it twice. It's dramatized. What's it called? Let's see now. Well, silicon cowboys is one, but there's another one, Halt and Catch Fire.

[950:43] Speaker 0: How fun. I'll check it out. Halt

[951:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: and Catch Fire is okay. It's a dramatization through different each season is a different stage. There's four seasons different stage in the computer like, history. Like, yeah, so they have these, like, kind of the main characters, and they're, they're going through the different stages of, like, history. It's, like, the very first season is all about, basically, like, it's not called compact, but it's a company. It's basically, it's a, it's a stand in for compact computer.

[959:55] Speaker 0: And. Can tell they're doing everything they can without using the trademark. But yeah, talking about Yeah,

[961:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Was one of my favorite Yeah, TV shows.

[962:38] Speaker 0: How fun. I love that. I love that. Yeah. I'm just thinking, and then, like, the whole hphpe, yep, I was there. I kind of feel like, um, Forrest Gump at all these places in history. You know, it's I was, I was working for Halliburton the day Dick Dick Cheney quit to become vice president. I remember we stopped in the hallway and we looked at each other, and we're like, we were here at this moment in history. Dick Cheney just quit to be the VP while we were on campus, this happened. I mean, what a trip, but oh my goodness, yeah.

[973:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, I gotta get heading out here. All right, guys, thank you so much. See ya.

[975:33] Speaker 2: Take care. Bye, bye, bye. Thank.

