VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2025-07-15T20:12:08.000Z
Duration: 72 min
Otter ID: s0VIfYPJV5YsZuFroTb66lgTWoc
---

[1:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty, just waiting for our people to log in, we got Kiko Akiko is here. Hello.

[9:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: How you doing? Akiko?

[10:35] Speaker 1: Good morning or good afternoon. I got last minute cancelation today.

[11:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, just spread your message. No, you're not one of the one of the naughty.

[13:25] Speaker 1: So I I cannot attend the call

[14:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: honestly, like people don't usually last with me that are like that, and they're they, they vocally whine and complain is a big part of it. So,

[17:11] Speaker 1: right. So anyway, I got

[18:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that my audio is off. Let me turn it back on. Speakers. There we go. Okay,

[19:29] Speaker 1: yes, I'm on my way home because I got a last minute cancelation with my client still getting paid for that, so I'm going to join you live shortly. I'm on my way home, so Okay, yeah,

[23:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. Well, I want to, I know everybody, a couple people said they were going to come in a little bit later, so let's kind of wait till they come on in right now, you and I can chat, though. How's everything going for you? Kiko, how's the how's the stuff with the migration going?

[29:50] Speaker 1: Yeah, actually, I, I got a little bit of technical issues, so I'm working on other than that, actually, I they, their customer service is really good, awesome. Yeah, so I'm very rare, so that's good, yeah, I'm very happy with, oh, it's going heading towards,

[35:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I'll tell you, it's funny. I've thought about, like, launching a software like that, and I because of the level of customer service that it takes to really serve people. Well, I've decided just like, I don't want to launch my own software because I don't want to have to be on call to be helping. But I'm glad to hear that you found something that is that they have such great customer service.

[42:32] Speaker 1: Like, yeah, because especially, I'm not techie, so yeah, that's great. It's just for you know, some Gen Z and those younger generation millenniums like yourself, simple stuff is a little bit of learning curve for me. One of my,

[47:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of my first clients that I worked with, he is friends with the creators of that so, so there, so there's some of his friends, so he's familiar with them. He said that they're a bunch of really good, good people, right? That's awesome, yeah. So, course, creator 360 they, they've done a really good job of building their business around. I'm pretty sure it's because Wade as the kind of the same thing. It's just it is go high level, right? Is what it is. But from what I understand, their level of customer service that course creator 360 offers is like way better than anybody else that's out there. That's private labeling, go high level, helping get you set up and stuff like that goes That's awesome. Glad you're,

[60:16] Speaker 1: yeah, so you know I'm, I'm just gonna start with a very basic but for the service features they offer, it's really able to expand further out in the future. So I don't have to go through, you know, buy another service to my, you know, to integrate, and they call it stacking. So I don't have to do that. So that that's what I'm Yeah, very cool.

[69:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, and so then what we want to do is we want to, we want to take a look at, like, as far as the offers that you set up right in this program, I want to take a look at as you get that built out. Mm, hmm. Send, send those over to me, so that we can go over them together, right? And then I can give you my feedback and help you as well. And I can get in there and take a look at

[75:04] Speaker 1: some of those things, right? So I I'm just go home, so I'm going to switch over to my laptop. Okay, one, one moment. Hey,

[77:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: hey, Wade, how you doing today? I, I.

[80:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see you sent me it was access to your go high level.

[82:53] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm trying to get you access to the videos without sending you the final No, because I wasn't sure which email you wanted me to use, I

[85:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: sent it to you right here. Oh, you did again, yeah, yeah. I thought we had, like, miscommunicated on that a little bit. So let me, let me send you that inbox. Okay, I'll send you the email address. It's in boxer and so then once you can kind of get me in there, I'd love to take a look at that from the inside. Yeah, yeah. I am give you some feedback on that.

[91:19] Speaker 2: I think everything is pretty all but one thing is ready to roll out for this campaign. I'm working on the webinar script. I haven't even gotten the script done. I thought I had one, and I thought, oh, I can do better than that, and so, but it's still moving along. I just need to get it where that needs to be, and then I can record,

[97:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, I'm not Jeremiah Krakowski, where I can just wing it and do it quite yet, but, you know, the second one, I'll do that, the Twitter. No, I will, I will, but I'm not, I'm not yet, but I'm on my way. It's yeah, you'll it's not, it's really, it's like, about feeling real comfortable with with just doing it. And that was something that I remembered. What I actually used to gain that skill was, this was a couple, this is about five years ago. I recorded one, uh, five to 10 minute long video every day and posted it on my social media, yeah, and my and my rule was, I can't stop or start the recording. It has to just be like, live, and I don't spend more than five minutes to come up with what I'm going to say in the video. And, and I did that, and it's funny, it's like, sometimes I think about going back to doing that now, I try to just say, like, let me do, I do my podcast, and then I do one a week. I'm at the point now that we're like, I'm okay with if I have to pause the recording and just edit the pieces together, that's fine. Um, but yeah, just being able to gain, gaining that skill. Part of it's just the confidence and like, in knowing I feel like, you know your material, you know your content,

[119:27] Speaker 2: oh yeah, yeah. It's a matter for me of structuring the webinar in a way, like the way that you teach, and then I've looked at like John Benson and the way that he structures them. And

[123:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: have you used my chat GBT prompt for webinars? Yes. And so here's

[124:46] Speaker 2: what I have one, and I love the output of it. And then I thought, well, let me just tweak it a little bit. And it came up. I didn't like that at all. And then I thought, well, let me just go all the way back through all the prompts, with the exception of my offer. So I just said, this is the offer, you know, the group. But then I did, followed all the other prompts post that, and I just haven't come up with exactly what I want to say, as far as the the objections, you know, I'm trying to do it in about 30 like, I forget what you call it like, is it a? It's not a micro webinar, but like the 30 to 45 minute, I forget your language. I just watched that yesterday or the day before.

[137:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's just, it's a. I see it as again, I think it's because everybody's attention span online, unless they're paying money for something, and even then. Now, even paying money isn't enough to keep people like now, they have to be be paying a significant amount of money, cuz, like, we all pay money for stuff that we don't use all the time now, oh yeah, for content. So, like, even paying money isn't necessarily but, like, especially if it's something that people are like, they're just finding you through marketing, their attention span is limited to where. If it's longer than 30 minutes, many people are going to second guess taking the time to Yeah, watch that. Now. There could be an advantage to that. Like, if you're selling a high ticket program that is over $10,000 I think it should be over three hours worth of content, yeah, that they go through. So, like, that's why, like, a three to five day challenge for a high ticket program is a big thing like that. But for for most group programs, the initial the initial interaction, and I'll also, I'll stack it like this, where you have, like, a 30 minute one right here, and then I might not get a lot of. People who sign up through this, but they'll be on my email list, and then I'm going to send them a five day challenge right here that that I might charge 17 bucks for, yeah, and then they can join, and this will be, even be pre recorded as well. So they so they found me through this. I call this a low commitment, a low commitment, short, quick training class that gives exposure. It increases people's trust, awareness, knowing who you are, where you're coming from. So there's that. That's the 30 minute piece. You're not gonna like, you're not gonna get a ton of sales off of this, right? Here's the reason why we do both, though, because if you just market this, you're not gonna get as many of the right qualified people. It'll cost you more to do that. So it's a cost analysis thing is why we do both, right? So what I've found is that if you do a short one and then a long form one, and you alternate a couple of times through them, your overall cost of if you're running paid advertising, drops by like 60% Oh, wow. So if you're only running these, cost wise, it's like, this doesn't make sense, because I'm not getting enough sales. Okay, if you're going to only run these cost wise, it's almost too expensive to get the sales once you run them, kind of together in tandem, it lowers the cost on both significant

[187:06] Speaker 2: the strategy that that is in my mind is that I'm doing it's something that you mentioned in one of your videos and that we talked about. So there's five, well, the I can't, you know, I just, I run off at the mouth, and so extemporaneously, I called it the seven minute miracle. And the videos are supposed to be seven minutes long, but they're 10 or 12 minutes each video. Okay, so that's five days of 10 to 12 minute videos and and then the bonus video is the webinar. So should, and that's just going to be sent to them like in the same drip campaign.

[199:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I start, I mean, that's a different structure than I've seen people do. My only issue with that is for every day that people have to wait to do something, their level of commitment and buy in disappears. Okay, so that's the only other thing with that. Is that even though it's only seven minutes, you're gonna have a drop off, about 80% of the people who started with day one and two won't even watch through to day five.

[207:32] Speaker 2: Okay, so rather than doing a bonus video, I could come back through what you just drew on your on the board, and have them send it to them separately, not as a part of the drip campaign.

[213:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you can send it to them separately. As far as that goes, you think that would be better? I just, I just always really think that, like, having some kind of, like, a 30 minute thing that you send people that's a video, yeah, is one of the most effective marketing tools that's out there as a webinar. Yeah, and then you can have, like, a paid mini course that maybe is five sessions. So it's not like five sessions that are only seven minutes, but it's like a five session course that you're putting together for them over here. Yeah. But then I add to that, okay, five sessions. It's a course not like you're used to doing courses you want to put, you don't want to put a, like, a like, a ton of like, hours and weeks and weeks and weeks of effort into mapping out what those five sessions are. You want things to be like, a beginning overview of your system, and the last like session and a half is a call to action to your program. Okay, so it still follows the same kind of structure, of like, if we're doing a five session mini course, The first session is all about casting vision. It's the same splits as a webinar. Session number two is going to be vision and some practical steps. Session Three is going to be all practical. Session Four is going to be practical. And then a little bit of a call, a soft call to action. And then Session Five is going to recap the first four days and be mostly just a very direct sales pitch call to action on day five.

[239:07] Speaker 2: Yeah, so I'll have to get you into GA. Chill and because that, I mean,

[241:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll just have to get you structure just sells a lot more than, yeah, anything else, everything else is kind of like, you're going to get a trickle of results versus doing that structure is

[244:13] Speaker 2: right? Well, I may have to rerecord some things, but I'd like for you to see what I've got, because my it's content, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, content. What I've got, the five sessions I've got, I didn't spend a lot of time mapping it out, but it is, well, let me see.

[248:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then, are you using each of those pieces of content to loop them to something that you're that you're offering as well?

[250:14] Speaker 2: Yes, okay, starting with like session, not, not, not beginning in the first session. No,

[252:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do like to seed it in the beginning in the first session, to where you you, you see the idea that you have something that you're offering and that people can work with you. Because the goal is, is, is it's going to help. They're going to start thinking about it already the right people are and it's then also going to help repel the wrong people as well,

[260:49] Speaker 2: right? So this is just, uh, what it will look like this is, I mean, day one, I map out what we're doing, and then I put the transcript here. But this is only two minutes. I did not put the transcript on the others. I just didn't, okay, but I did put an outline. Let me go back. Yes, that's the welcome. Yeah, so that's just a welcome. That's a terrible looking smile. Look like an ax murderer. May have to re chain, re look at my thumbnails, and then I did do slides, but here's my looks, fine, yeah, well, the first one, I don't know, you know you're you're more critical of yourself. I'll have to go back and get my outline for this one. I'm glad I looked in into it, yeah. But anyway, so I'll get you in there to take a look. So

[277:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, what I like to do is, like, talk about what it is that like, you're practically sharing, and then just include, like, maybe a testimony or two of like, at towards the end of like, what like, how you've helped some clients that have worked with you and that you mentioned that like, You know, not everybody's gonna end up working with me, but I, you know, I'd love some of you, you're gonna go through this, and I'd love to talk with you about about maybe working together in the future. And you mentioned that, and you mentioned that very confidently,

[285:53] Speaker 2: right? Because now I did that in the at least in the fourth and fifth session, maybe the third the email. I might do it in the first one too. Okay, okay, alright.

[288:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's very soft mention of what you offer. You're not selling them, but you're mentioning that it exists, okay? Because it creates, it's kind of like, it's kind of like dating. It takes you kind of out of the friend zone with them, a little bit we're like, you're not, you're not friend zoning yourself in the first three sessions, like you're letting them know, like, Hey, I'm here to close a deal at some point, you know, like, I do have intentions for putting this out there. And I think that, like, overall, I think people actually appreciate that more. In the end, the right people do the and the people who won't appreciate it, they will. They were, they weren't going to become your client anyways, right? They weren't going to work with you anyways. So it's kind of making those intentions known. It used to be. It was an old school kind of way of doing marketing where it was like, Okay, we don't say anything till the end. And I think everybody just kind of got a sour taste around that. And so now the best practice everybody is doing is like, you just let people know, hey, like, I gotta, I got things to sell, and I got some great resources for you, and you come right out the gate mentioning that you're not going to sell them to them at that point, but you're mentioning that I got stuff, and it can help you, and it'll probably help you if you're here watching this. And so then that that will help, because here's what ends up happening. I'm always thinking about what is the inner dialog in the the mind of the prospect who's going through watching content, consuming it? Cuz they have two dialogs. They have a dialog with themselves, and they have usually have a dialog with their friends and family. Me. So what ends up happening is this, and I had the same dialog with my wife the other day. I went through somebody's funnel, and I literally told her, like the same day, Hey, I found this guy's content online, and I went through it, and it's really good. I'm probably not going to sign up for his program. But, and you know what? I went all the way through his funnel. I took a look at this program, his programs. You want to know the cost of his entry level mindset program, $15,000 for two months. Wow. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Probably I wasn't ready to make that investment, but I will say I'm still thinking about it. I'm not fully like a no on that one, because the call to action that he has was is really powerful. And it's a program now. It's a great program. And that's a that's a common rate in that industry. That's a very high ticket program. I didn't have to hop on a sales call to do it. It was through a webinar and an ebook that he sold it, and then he used it almost as almost it was not the exact same funnel that we do, but it's, it's slightly different, but it's very similar through many chat. And then, like, it was all automated and everything in there. And so I, like, I was like, Okay, this is a great funnel. And what this told me is that, like, even for the those for that going rate, I had an inner dialog with myself about the content, about his program. I had a dialog with my wife, and then I made a decision. My decision was not for me right now, okay, but I still got a lot of value out of the free content that I got from him. And I can guarantee you, he probably makes a lot of sales on this offer. It's a very good offer. And so and what he does. One thing I was thinking, I was even thinking this for you, his offer might be one for you to reverse engineer, let me, let me send you his, let me just send you his offer in in a boxer, I'll send it to you. I'll go find it and send it to you later. Because he so he does offer a single it's a group program, but you have a single one on one session that you get with him initially as part of it. So you get one single, like one on one kind of call, like that. And then there's everything else is group inside of it. But I thought that that was pretty interesting, because of a his price point, and then what the promises and all of that. And so the idea is, kind of, I think what he's doing is, is he's helping you customize how to use the program through his own experience, and help kind of you get some like unique parameters for your situation through that type of individual call. So that might be one thing too, like for what you're doing, if you're doing a group program, is including a single one on one session, when they join, yeah, just to kind of go through an overview of those things, as far as that goes,

[381:34] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah. So couples people do that, where they'll offer that and it, and they the one that I am thinking of that I saw most recently. It's not necessarily an upfront call. It's anytime during the program, like, if it's a three month program, you can take that one on one anytime you want to whether and some and this particular offer the he, whoever it was, said that they actually get a lot of people, kind of, at the end of the program, like to sum up, and then they can, he can sell into a one on one, if he wants to

[392:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: after that. So, yup, so yeah, I thought that was pretty, pretty interesting. Was kind of that, that process, but it was the funnel. Was just, it was just a webinar with an ebook, and there was like a there was a bonus session where you could see what one of the group coaching sessions was like. And then it was all then through many chat to sign up for the program. It had a three. Day deadline to sign up. So he had three days, had the same kind of deadline, and it was through deadline funnel. I went into the code and looked, he's using deadline funnel, just like we're using same, same exact thing, you know? And but it was all through many chat and it was all automated. And then he had one like he recorded a personalized video that he sent me, that all it did was it the many chat asked me questions about my goals, and then in the personalized video, he just mirrored back to me all the things I had said, wow, because I understand how the whole psychology works. I'm reverse engineering and breaking down all so I'm like, Okay, it's very well done. I can see, like, how this would work. And it just validated again, the system, the issue with us, with that type of a system, you just gotta have the right people in it. You gotta have the right qualified people coming through right so like the wrong qualified people will say, No, it's not for me. It's not the right time. And usually the the pain of the pain of not making a change isn't great enough in their life to do something. So that's where, like, agitating the pain is a part of that process through the like the content does that it helps the person see, oh, there's, there's a solution. And it's sort of like, becomes more irritating having the problem that the person has, versus just simply ignoring it or saying no. Like, here's a great example. We had a little bit of a problem, and I got two examples of this in our house. We have a one of our gutters wasn't draining right, and it's affecting some of our siding. Well, unfortunately, the siding, there's a little bit of a seam to a window, and now the window is leaking. So that pain of the window leaking was great enough for me to now call somebody out, and we're going to have to rip apart that whole thing. And we already have to rip apart it eventually anyways, because it was like, every time it rains, but now it's like, okay, we figured it out. We got a great guy who's able to do it for less than, like, 1500 bucks and get all that done, which is great. So that's the key you gotta find. You gotta find a a handyman who knows how to do stuff, right? But anyways, the pain of taking action, of not taking action, was greater than the inconvenience of having to deal with this being fixed. And we probably should have dealt with it beforehand, but we just kind of have ignored it. I I feel like I forgot it was a problem. Was a thing so, but we're in a season where we're fixing stuff around the house, so we're taking care of those things. So that's, that's, that's anytime in sales, the reason why anybody buys anything is because that that, Oh, I see. Okay, just a sec. It says, it says, Akiko sent me a private message. It didn't pop up. That's they changed how zoom works. Okay.

[461:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you want me to share the link to the this guy's program? I gotcha. Yeah, sure, no problem. Yeah, I'll share it a little bit later on. So that's it like, that's the thing to keep in mind, is in sales, I'll and you know what I'm going to do, I'm actually going to, I'll share with you, well, that might be, yeah, I'll share this one. I think that's a good one. It's a good example. And then there's, there's one other guy, he's not marketing it as well, though there's another guy who has a good funnel, but I think he turned it off. It's, I always watch what people do, not what they say is a big thing. He like, his whole message is, like, you know, I was burnt out in business, and then all this, so then I changed everything, and then I'm less burnt out. And then he posted, like, three months later, like, I got so burnt out, I shut it all down. I'm like, Okay.

[479:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I'm. I'm all about building something that's not going to burn you out and that you don't have to shut shut it down every six months. I see, I see so many people do that, where they like, they they build something, then they have to shut it down every six months because they get burnt out. But, yeah, I'll send you this one. I'll send you this guy's thing. Alright, let's see any anything else we want to go over or talk about here today. Otherwise, I do have something I was going to share too with their with our group.

[488:29] Speaker 1: I have a quick question, yeah, what's up? So when I had an orientation or onboarding call with the service course creator 360 I have a Zoom meeting with a very nice Customer Care fellow from Philippine and I was already right off the bus got stuck with a technical thing, so he actually took over and fixed it, which was Nice, and I got to know him a little bit, because that was 30 minute call on Zoom, and we connected on Instagram, and he reached me out. So I got, I was wondering, could let's see I need a reader. Sorry. Okay. I was wondering if you could be your assistant with getting everything set up. I could do the video editing courses, website and social media. So I replied, thank you for reaching out the offer, what kind of rates you're charging for that kind of service? And he replied, 1200 bucks for three months. And he said, That is way overhead right now, maybe in the future I definitely consider. And he replied, What is your range and and so I replied, depending on what needs to be done or what help I really need. So he said, What? And that is a question mark. So it was middle of the week, and I was in outdoors, so it is weak, and so let's get back. I'll get back to you next week. And and he said, Okay, and this morning, coincidence, before this webinar, Zoom meeting, he contacted me. I could stay, I could start stay for 650 what

[520:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: sell you on? So again, six, 650 you gotta the Filipino economy. That's a lot of money for them,

[522:57] Speaker 1: right? But he asked for 12 101st

[524:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: for three months. I mean, that's not, that's not bad. What's he? What's he? What was he doing for you?

[525:28] Speaker 1: Well, he so. So I'm not really clear, clear about what I go I'm going to ask what to do. That's why I'm not replying yet. But he said, I can, I could be your assistant with getting everything set up. I could do the video editing courses, website and social media,

[531:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? So, yeah, so if you did everything ready to go, still, probably a lot higher than I would pay, because, like, I pay my video person, 250 a month. 250

[534:58] Speaker 1: a month. So that's, that's going to be 753 months. Yeah, yeah. He, he's saying that I could start today for 650

[537:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I don't know, and that's full time too, that somebody does that for me, right? For video editing.

[538:49] Speaker 1: Okay, gotcha. So

[539:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's uh,

[539:43] Speaker 1: so how do I reply for this? And maybe should I ask, what kind of work have you done with your other client? Can I take a look or something like that? Or,

[542:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, this is the site where I always find people at right? Yeah, online jobs.ph, Mm, hmm,

[544:56] Speaker 1: I kind of compare what?

[545:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a comparable rate, though, right offering, and so they're not, they're not making an upcharge on that, but yeah, the person who's in the Philippines, they're able to offer that as right service to you, um,

[550:32] Speaker 1: because I'm not thinking, okay, so it's reason 650 is reasonable,

[551:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, now, how is the 650 for three months? Or is it, I that's what I'm gonna clarify for one month too, yeah,

[553:52] Speaker 1: one time shot or something. So I'm gonna ask to clarify.

[554:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, you could, you could probably say, you know, I can do, I could do 200 or 250

[556:12] Speaker 1: Right, right.

[556:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, what I, and I'll say that too, like when I hired my bookkeeper in the Philippines, I she was like, it's gonna be 1200 bucks a month. I'm like, okay, I can pay you 350 a month. Can. Make that work. She's like, sure. Oh, okay, so like, all they can say is no, but 90% of the time they're going to say yes, interesting, which is the reason why they quote the higher rate. I'll say this is because US American businesses are used to paying way more over 1000 to $2,000 for services. So that's just going to be pure profit for them. Mm, hmm, but they will usually take a much lower rate if you offer it. Okay. So that's what I found with with higher hiring and like, they don't even, like, negotiate or argue with you about it. Like, Sure, no problem. I'm like, okay, great, awesome. So it's like,

[572:22] Speaker 1: but don't you need to check on what kind of work this person, yes,

[574:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually send me what they've done. Now, if you found somebody through course creator Pro that they recommended, I think that would be pretty good, okay, but

[577:30] Speaker 1: I was one day, maybe he's doing outside of that as a side, yeah? Maybe, yeah, so,

[578:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: but that's okay, okay, the I mean, I they might have a deal where they're, they're allowed to do those different outside services too, right? But what I'll do is, I'll have them show me, okay, what's the work they've done, what's their portfolio of stuff like that? I'll explain portfolio. That's the word, yeah, Mm hmm. I'll explain, like, what I need done, and I'll and then I'll send them. I'll say, Okay, I'll pay you for a week. So here's 50 bucks for a week, or here's, oh, 75 bucks for a week, and that's all I'm going to pay. And then show me what you get done in that week. I'm going to send you everything. And then I even had it where, like, Okay, I didn't get them anything for like, a week. So I'm gonna say, alright, let's start the week this week now, because I got it to them, like, a week late, so I don't have to pay them for like, two weeks. So again, it usually like it works out stuff like that probably wouldn't fly with like us employees at all. But like with the Philippines, it it's I've not had. I found that there are a lot easier to work with, negotiable, more negotiable. Yeah, they're more well, they're more negotiable. They're They're very, I think culturally, they're very, they're very happy people too. Mm, hmm, very interesting. Like, like, culturally, every, every person from the Philippines I've ever met is just so genuinely, like, joyful and happy. So it's just very cool, and they're really good at the work they do. And I'm sure there's some dishonest ones, but I I've not had to deal with that. I They're you get really good, honest work from people.

[607:58] Speaker 1: So okay, so should I go this website and just kind of compare what, what kind of charge service?

[610:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take a look at that. You could see that. Yeah,

[611:24] Speaker 1: all right, I'm gonna do thank you. I like that one week test drive. You know, I pay you one week. Yeah? Now,

[613:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: now. So now, Karen, I sent you something about you said your Filipino person said that you were shadow

[614:53] Speaker 3: banned, yeah, because that felt, it felt kind of dishonest. Well, it's like, and I can fix it if you send me more money, you know. And

[617:03] Speaker 4: it's like, they said, Okay, no, I found that. I found the one. Okay, I would,

[618:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would find somebody else, then, okay, you found the dishonest

[619:37] Speaker 3: one. I found the one. But I do have one that's helping with my YouTube channel, like the the thumbnails and things, and that seems, okay,

[621:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: great, yeah, that's, that's good. I sent you. I sent you unbox her. So there's a guy that I love specifically, he talks about shadow banning quite a

[624:39] Speaker 3: bit. Oh, okay, because I and it may be, it may be happening because my Instagram is not growing like it's, no,

[626:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're no, you're not, you're probably not shadow banned. What I'm saying is he talks about it, and he says, like, Oh, almost nobody is Shadow banned. Okay, is his thing? Is Like, he calls it like, your reels are stuck in 200 jail. The real reason is your hooks suck.

[631:27] Speaker 3: Okay, okay, now that that that's okay, that

[632:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you just need better hooks. You need better books and things like this, absolutely like, this is a funny video right here, like the rope is on the car and all that. And then there goes the rope. But yeah, so you can comment hook. Every one of his videos also has, like a mini chat thing that you comment something on. Okay? With that. I made one of my students cry. I need to apologize. Oh, this is great. I should use that one that's that should be a good one for me. I. Email I received. Oh, crying of happiness. Sorry, I've never, let's see custom content calendars. This is, you get an idea. Make a real post. It it flops. So he's like, he's I again, I would defer to him. Okay, comes to, like, your Instagram content stuff, okay, he, he's, he's, like, the best at that type of thing.

[647:45] Speaker 3: Okay, yeah. And that yellow is noticeable, like the way he set up the

[648:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, yep, yeah, that's Yeah. So there's a lot of great content through his social media, okay? And then his, let's see his mentorship is, see, yeah, so he's got all this free stuff. He's got, like, he's got his podcast, let's see Instagram profile, review, affiliate links. Oh, you know what I don't see. It was on

[656:59] Speaker 2: the it was on his profile page. Insta club hub,

[658:07] Speaker 1: yeah, I actually follow him. I do have a membership of Insta club. Hub, okay, he's really good, yeah, yeah, okay,

[660:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I Yeah. He's, he's probably the only person I would really trust to listen to on a lot of that. Okay, are you shouting? That's what he says. Most people are not shadow band at all, just their like, their hooks just are, are not getting people to pay attention. And so you kind of gotta, like, mix it up with, like, what's that initial hook that grabs people's attention? And the reason, and the reason, again, why, like, I'm deferring over to him, is I'm not even the really the best at that. I I'm really good at creating offers and funnels that and then like that, sell and bring in clients, um, but from the Instagram content perspective, he's, he's one of the best for sure, yeah,

[674:25] Speaker 1: yeah, I sign up for free challenge one time, yeah, real, real, real, a day, 30 day challenge. Oh, yeah, he does that. Yeah, that worked out really good. I like, I didn't get many views, like some gurus can do, but Max was 400 views and 500 views. But I learned a lot about hook and getting attention, yeah, and I don't read. Learned that I don't have to talk all the time, which, that's my weaknesses. I got an accent, so some people don't understand. So he told a lot of B roll, yeah, you know. And just, even just go a little bit quicker, and he's He even said no more than 30 seconds between 15 to 30 if seconds, just yeah, let you stop on your reel instead of screw scrolling down, so that it was a great learning for me. I highly recommend that. Yeah,

[692:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. He um, that's it. So yeah, for content too. Like, yeah, you don't have to always make your content where it's a talking head and you're talking some B roll of you with text over it. That works really well, too well.

[696:31] Speaker 3: And I am, you know, I love your mother's I don't have to totally, I love your mother's videos. So I we have a home gym, so I made a video in there, and I'll put up a text over it. Like, if that's totally outside of what I normally do. But yeah, yeah, I'll mix it up. Thank

[700:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, my Yeah. My mom's content is starting to get really good traction now with that. So the man, the unfortunate thing is, is when she launched that telehealth business, and now the government has made it almost impossible for that business to make money legally. So she's having to kind of shut that down, because the it was a lot of the regulations that Robert Kennedy's doing are making it to where, like compounded, GLP, ones are illegal now, and so obviously, like she doesn't, she's not going to do anything that's illegal. When she had started everything and had the vision for it, it was under the Biden administration, and now everything's changed. And so what's happening is, here's, here's my non political take on it. We got the right and left wing take on government run health care. And we're literally seeing there's, like, two versions of government run health care. We're going to have a government run health care system that's going to meet somewhere in the middle of what both sides are trying to do, basically. And so, like, right now the government, I think. Kind of trying to take over a lot of healthcare stuff in a big way, and that's just, that's just what's happening, and it's making it hard for businesses to run in that space. So she's going to focus more on the, again, the mentoring and the coaching side of it almost completely. So it's unfortunate, but it's like, it's like, one of those things is where you could literally have, like, all the best plans, and then, like, a government regulation could come and now you're out of business and,

[730:07] Speaker 3: well, no, and, or like, Tiktok could be, like, banned or like, yeah, you could have an email platform and that can no longer be available, yeah, so you gotta be trending up or outside the box all the time,

[733:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Well, and my, my thing to that, though, is is, is where it's like, really learning the art of resilience and focus and the ability to keep moving forward in our businesses when things aren't going how we plan them, or how we would want them, or what's the most optimal way of doing things right. And so

[739:43] Speaker 3: I'm just, have you read the prosperous Have you read the prosperous

[740:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: coach? I have read that one, I have found it to be not necessarily how I like to do things, mainly because a lot of it is a lot of there's a lot of one to one conversions. Time. It's very time consuming, one to one, versus using more like automation, okay, and tools like that. What it is, it's kind of like the anti social media marketing, yeah, is what it is. It's a very opposite method of doing stuff, I will say it works. Well, it's a good method. It just It requires a lot of like going out there, finding people, coaching them for free, and then working with them until they become a client type of a thing. And I find weird Well, weirdly enough, that is actually kind of the model that that we do here, my webinars and all those are kind of how I do that. The webinar coaches, people for me, my YouTube content and all of that. So I utilize these tools to do that, versus me having to go one with people now that now the side piece to that is I'm starting to again. I'm going to be practicing a little bit more here when I launch my new funnel. I did a little bit of it in January, and not so much my last go run around as I'm going to message and comment and DM every person as much as I can who signs up for my offer, just to see where they're at, what they're going through, just to kind of build that interaction into it. And I think that that is and my goal is, I want to automate that. Maybe have a VA do that for me as well.

[773:40] Speaker 3: Okay, just because, based on Yeah, based on reading, you know, getting that book and looking at it, I reached out to a few people, like colleagues. I reached out to an attorney, and then she, she finally met with me on teams and and she gave me a case, like, it's like old school, like I just, for what it was worth, I put out a few, you know, I sent out a few messages, and then one came back, and that's, yeah, you know, chunk of change. That's awesome. Yeah, I think it's just having and then, like, I got, the girl I got from my program is from a workshop, like, I don't know, but it's putting out everything out there. And then a couple things came in this week.

[782:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I like is taking, like, that method and combining it with the online marketing together, and doing both as different avenues to get people Yeah, but for Yeah, for what, for what you're doing, I think that, like I do what works best for you, right? What's going to bring in the most clients for you,

[789:10] Speaker 3: right? Because I need cash flow, yeah, but I also want to be like in the coaching space, where it's less, I don't know it's like, it's dangerous. Practicing psychology is dangerous,

[792:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? Well, you have you, and that's where the idea of taking your skills and reinventing them for the coaching model, yeah, would come into play where and I, and I've seen I again, I've seen my mom do this. For many years, I've seen a lot of the best coaches do this like she. She started out initially as a coach just for network marketing, and then taught for Facebook ads and then social media content growth, and then she pivoted towards the stock market like completely changed the direction of things, and then pivoted from she's now pivoted from the stock market towards health, and every one of those was a strategic move because of what her audience was asking for and the transformations that were happening in her life. So she took a look at and I use my mom as an example with this, because throughout that journey, I've helped build in, how do we market this online to these people? How do we monetize that? So that's why I use it as an example, because it's something that I'm involved with day to day. So the pillars are her personal growth. Okay, because seven years ago, my mom didn't know anything about the stock market and did almost nothing with her health and fitness, and so she went on like, an eight year journey with her health and fitness that started and for the last five years of financial journey with the stock market. And I'll just give you a crazy example. This my my mom has made almost a hunt like, I think now, like, right at about $100 million in her career, but she had nothing to show for it, because she gave it all away to people, churches, nonprofits, charities, ministries, or she spent it all for like, 29 years of her career. So, like, 29 years made almost $100 million what's, what's your net worth? Sandy, oh, maybe 100,000 like, you know, something's not working there. And so, like, for the first time in her life, she's actually growing a multi, seven and eight figure Cash net worth through investment. And that was a shift that involved her working with a therapist two, two times a week for like five years, her fitness, and then being involved with her finances and shifting in that. And it's and, I mean, I'm just like, so grateful because like that that shifts our entire family's trajectory from like, Okay, we make a lot of money, but we spend it all, because that's kind of been our how I've always known stuff, you make it, and then you spend it, Then you got to go make more. And she's gone down this path of, let's build wealth so that, like we're making way more money, and our money is making money, and it's growing, and it's something that is more generational, and so that personal growth is what led her to make those shifts. At the same time her audience questions. Her audience started asking questions about the changes that were happening with her, mentally, financially, spiritually. She got tired of working with everybody who was doing just social media and marketing and business and all that type of stuff, which is, which is so interesting, because, like, I love that, that market, that demographic of people, that's, that's who I love to work with, that's, that's what I've always worked, worked inside of. There's that. And then the third piece is, where is the marketplace shifting? Where are people's desire? Where is the overall marketplace shifting? How has the marketplace, in general, not just her audience's desires, but products and services and what's being marketed out there? Here's an example. Oh, when I say marketplace shifting, every personal development coach that's out there, like a Tony Robbins or all these people, you don't know what the big trend this last year has been now and in personal development, everybody's teaching about regulating your nervous system. Everybody's talking about getting your nervous system regulated. So that's a shift in the marketplace where you'd have the old personal development content fit into sort of a newer mental health regulate your nervous system, add on model that then increases that. And so then that's where the shifts of like you. Reinventing an offer for coaching is kind of right in the intersection of what is her audience wanting, what is the marketplace shifts happening, and then what personal shifts are happening inside of her? And so like, that's what I look at, as far as for everybody that I'm coaching. Same thing happened with Rick. With Rick Pino, he had made like $10 million a year with his music worship coaching program, and then he got his health and fitness in order, and he like and so then he shifted everything towards business coaching. Part partially because he was like, burnt out of being in the Christian music world for 25 plus years. I will say that it's not a glamorous space. It's kind of a it's actually really sad, like there's a lot of very sad things behind the scenes in the Christian music space. It's just, it's kind of a sad world. Luckily, like, I love Rick, because he's, he's one of the most, highest integrity people that was in that space. But, like, not very, not very, I'll just say, not very many people in that space have a lot of integrity, and that's really sad So, and that's what, and that's unfortunately, like, working so closely with him in that I got to, I got a little jaded with that. I was like, Man, I didn't want to listen to any Christian worship music for like, three years. It's so hypocritical. That's how like, like, unfortunately, it's so commercialized, is the issue. But so that's why Rick was like, he felt more able to like, be pure and like, follow what his heart and his calling was teaching business. Because he had not just built that that business. He had also made seven figures in real estate. He had launched a seven figure e commerce company. His record label hit seven figures that he had. So now he's got like five seven figure businesses that he built, and he knows how to mentor people in all these different, different areas, um, and so that's, that's what that was. I I'm thankful I had a chance to show him just he started working with my mom, and then I got, I had a chance to help him build up his marketing in that in that space, how do you market the online business side of things? And now he's just crushing it. But that's the thing is like, again, how are the marketplace shifts? What are your audience asking for? And what personal growth Do you have? Personally?

[923:54] Speaker 3: No, that's exactly what I needed to hear. And as it, as it, as it happens, I create comment emotionally regulation.

[926:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wade left us. Okay. Wade's like, I'm leaving, and then he logs off again.

[927:42] Speaker 3: No, that was really helpful. Thank you. Thank you.

[928:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, you bet. And it's funny is like nobody really talks about that side of things. Yeah, I've seen it firsthand, though, where you, like you're doing one thing and like, you kind of gotta sort of pivot and move in a direction of another thing, just a little bit, um, I've done that in my business, where I started out just, well, when I first started coaching people, it was on my mom's platform. I coached people on how to edit their videos, as I was a video editor. So I was like, this, like, video tech coach. I like, taught all that stuff. And I was, I'm still young, but I was very young at the time. I say I'm young till I'm like, 40, then I'm then I'm turning old at that point, no, I probably, I probably, I probably won't even feel like I'm old till I'm in my 50s or 60s, like my mom at that point, she's now that she's 60. She's like, all right, I'm getting old. I'm getting up there, yeah? But she's a young

[948:32] Speaker 3: she's like, 35 so vibrant, yes, yeah, vibrant,

[949:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but no, but she No, she we literally just texted about this. She's like, Yeah, but at 60, she's like, I have very little tolerance for anything I don't want to do. Yeah. Anyways. Well, I don't know what where I was going with that, but I've had such pivots where then I was like, okay. Then I started teaching Facebook ads. And then I started, how do I help everybody online, build a website? And then I started just focusing in on like people, starting a coaching business. And now I've gone to like people that are, that are. Coaches, how to scale and get more clients. And then one pivot that I'm starting to see. I've dabbled in it a little bit, but I really think this, like this year, I'm gonna, I need to go all in on it. Everything I teach involves AI. I need to, like, really make the AI thing be, like, a big front end. Part of how I'm marketing it like, how to get clients using AI, how to automate all those, so those different types of things. And I pivoted more towards before I had the kids, I was all about, like, very unsustainable, grinded out business models that took a lot of time effort. Now I'm all about what takes as little time as possible. Yeah, and how do you do it in a way that takes as little time and helps keep my nervous system regulated, because so that I can stay present and powerful for my wife and kids, because that's my number one most important thing. And I never thought that it would be my number one most important thing until this year. I really resisted it quite a bit. I was like, You know what? No, I'm still gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna crush it, and I'm gonna, here's the thing I don't, I don't want to have the relationship with my wife and kids like Elon Musk has with his kids and family. I don't at all, but like, at the same time I'm like, like, I love like, I have my brain is just like, I love business so much. It's like, I'm constantly like, I have, like, a part of me that's like, like, Don't ever go full Elon. But like, I'm kind of like, you know, I could see myself like creating electric cars and weird stuff like that, but like, I don't have the capacity to do that for the for the lifestyle that I've chosen with the family and all that. And so how do I build something that really fits into the version of my life that I've decided and created for myself is a big thing. So, cool. All right. Um, though, Elon's getting a lot weirder by the day. Unfortunately, I'm starting to like, I like his car, but I'm a little weirded out by some of the stuff he's been doing recently. He just launched like a sex bot on his grok thing. It's very gross and disgusting. Yeah, it's really weird. Yeah, it's, yeah, it's, it's, has, like a 3d like, sex girl that you talk to, oh my gosh, yeah. It's like, I'm like, okay, like, you have it, like, his AI is good. But like, why did we need that? Yeah, this was just released yesterday. I'm like, okay, oh, that's terrible. I'm sorry to hear you totally like, lost my I have, like, my respect for you is in the 20 like, like, that's not even that's No, okay. It's really sad.

[1008:28] Speaker 3: All right, all

[1009:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. I see on here. What's up, Robin?

[1011:41] Speaker 5: Hey, I totally missed the time, and I thought, you know it's probably over, but I'll just pop in. It's okay and and say hi. We're

[1013:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: just wrapping up. We had actually a great conversation today. I I thought you would, you'd be here. There's some great value once the once the recording is in the members area, I'll let you know, and it would be, yeah,

[1017:40] Speaker 5: about the value. I just wasn't feeling well, and let myself go back to sleep. And, oh, don't worry, just and Winkle today, but you were telling me you weren't feeling that good. Yeah, I wasn't feeling all that well. And I've just learned how important it is, like, the sooner. Remember when we were kids and they talked about, stop, drop and roll, you know, with a fire. Well, if I don't feel well, like I stop and I start doing all the do you think you got a cold? The remedies? Yeah, right away, so I could stop things.

[1025:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you gotten a cold recently? Karen, I

[1026:52] Speaker 3: feel like everybody, yeah, I've been, I've been saying, and I feel like, honestly, I want to go lay down.

[1028:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Everybody I know, like in Texas, has had a cold the last I got a terrible one on Saturday. Yeah, the only reason I was able to do yesterday's call was, thank God for Advil. I feel, I feel like, I feel like 95

[1032:31] Speaker 6: in the emergency department. And I was about to suture somebody blood, and then, sorry, oops. Oh. No

[1034:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: worries, I feel like 95% better. No worries. So you're not feeling good. Robin, yeah, definitely,

[1036:17] Speaker 5: right, yeah. Just, I've just learned, like, the sooner I stop and, like, do all my my remedies and rest, like I can, I can stop it quick, but if I just grind on and push on, then it becomes, like, a long thing. Oh, totally,

[1039:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally. Totally, yeah, I I had to record my training for the group on Sunday night, and it was just feeling like terror. So I took, I took a four hour nap. Nap. I basically I set an alarm. I've done a sleep for four hours. Weirdly enough, some of y'all might not know this about me. I roll out of bed really good and can make content really well. So like, I'll, I will make content not as good if I'm about to go to bed, but if I, like, take a nap, or like, a half asleep, or something like that, and then I roll out of bed, it'll come out really, really good. So that's what I did, is I like, where I rested, I took some Advil and I recorded that. But, yeah, just take all the things. It felt like mine. It felt like, almost like very like COVID, like body aches. And it was, it was, it was rough. Our little well, actually, today he's nine months old. No, is he nine? Yeah, nine months old. Our nine month old, our nine month old got it first before any of us. So he's like, miserable, and we're all fine. And then we all started. I got it the next day, and then my wife got it yesterday. Let's, let's pray that the the two and a half year old maybe it skates by him. So I'm thankful, though it only lasted us like 48 hours for taking all the remedies and stuff like that. So yeah, the the nine month old, he had 102 fever. So that's why we that's why we keep infant Motrin around. The infant Motrin dropped it down to 98 in about 15 minutes. So every just gave it to him every six hours, and he was good. So yeah,

[1069:54] Speaker 5: well, that's looking forward to joining a call at like the normal time. And yeah, yeah, no worries all that. But I just wanted to pop in. Take care. Yeah, take care. Thank you. Thank you. I think sometimes just showing up and and just receiving the good vibes and fellowship, even just for a few minutes, it's so much is more caught than taught, not that we're not loving Jeremiah, but it's just so wonderful to hang out with like minded people, and yeah, we'll be there with bells on next time. Love it. Okay, thank you. I'm

[1079:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: excited for everybody to get to know Robin a little bit more too. She's She's awesome. I've had some great conversations over the last couple of weeks. Her, well, I'll let her share some of the details, but, okay, I look forward to it. She's a very strong, powerful, resilient person. Can you share, like a quick 62nd Robin, what, what's your, what you've been going through and what, what's happening for you,

[1088:19] Speaker 5: sure, sure. Well, thank you for the affirmation words. Jeremiah, I, I'm a words of affirmation person. So I, I received the good words. Thank you. So for me, I, I've been in training and communications for, gosh, almost 30 years I'm a lot older than I look. And I was laughing when you said, I'll be I'll be old when I'm 40. And I was like, hey, now 40s and 50s aren't old. I can witness to that. But

[1098:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you, that's high son, I probably won't feel old even when I'm,

[1099:24] Speaker 5: yeah, that's a I'll fill you out for me, I I've, I've been in the personal development space for a good long while, but you know, there's, remember in school when there's, like, there's classroom, and then there's laboratory, where you have to, like, put it into use. And so for me, I've been in God's laboratory. My My husband had a series of medical events that left him disabled. And, you know, the Vows are in sickness and in health. So I was stepping up as his caregiver. And, you know, and then I became really overnight, I became the primary breadwinner and, and we just had a really difficult, beautiful journey. And I learned a lot of things during that time, and and just how to keep going. And so I am a resilience expert and, and I coach people on on how to not, you know, be crushed in really difficult circumstances. And I've been writing a lot of curriculum and and writing a book about, you know, things you can do in just 15 minutes to help kind of scrape yourself off the floor and keep going. And so I. Um, it's something that I feel really purpose driven about. I'm basically writing the book that I wish I had had three and a half years ago. And my my beloved Jim, did graduate to heaven, just very recently. And so I am thrilled for him and very sad for me. But, you know, it's, it's very it just means so much to my heart to live this purpose driven life and be able to leverage my pain to help other people. And course, I'm having to be really gentle with myself, because even though we knew he was terminal, and even though he was in hospice, I mean, there's just no way to know how you're going to feel when your person is not here anymore. And so I'm kind of being really gentle with myself during this grief journey. But you know, Jim and I talked about this a lot, and he was, he was very committed to my dreams coming to pass, and my business reaching a lot of people and just having that impact and letting our story bless people. So that's what I'm about.

[1138:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah,

[1139:33] Speaker 3: cool. Nice to meet you.

[1139:56] Speaker 5: Yeah, nice to meet you.

[1140:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, if there's anything else, is there anything else before we wrap up? Do you want us to go over here today or

[1142:31] Speaker 1: thank you for sharing Robin, alright, cool. Thank

[1143:29] Speaker 5: you for hearing me. Thanks. Jeremiah,

[1144:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks all connect over in in Voxer, and then I will see everybody else on Monday. Have a good one.

[1145:56] Speaker 5: Sounds good? Thank you. Bye.

