The Secret to Content That Sells!
Date: 2025-07-08T14:01:40.000Z
Duration: 14 min
Otter ID: suVwtuGbgo0tASj1l3VOPp235yI
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is the process for making content that gets sales? Getting sales is the most important thing that you can do in your business. Unfortunately, most of the efforts that coaches and course creators do don't turn into sales. They're busy work. They're minutia. They're things that feel like work, but they're not generating sales. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski, and I built multiple eight figure coaching businesses. Currently I'm running a multi seven figure coaching business, and I've done so with online marketing, using content creation, advertising, artificial intelligence and direct response marketing, and that's what I mentor people on every single week. Inside of my wealthy coach Academy program, I'd love to see you in there if you are a coach, mentor trainer who wants to scale things and have me work and come alongside you step by step, to guide you through the process, to work with you through everything, to get results for you. Now in these videos, I show key strategies that are working based on what's working with my clients, what's working in my business, that you can apply them and use them, and it demonstrates to you the type of value that I provide inside of our coaching program, in a sense. So what I want to share is that content creation, we can get so caught up in overthinking the ideas of our content creation that I want to I want to just surprise you on this one. Do you want to know how much effort I invest into coming up with ideas for my content that has generated me seven figures. I spend less than three to five minutes per piece of content coming up with ideas, and I refuse to spend more than that. The reason why is because if I'm spending more time than three to five minutes to come up with ideas for my content. It is cutting into my profit margins, and it is going to cause me to not make the kind of money that I want to make. So what I do is I often come up with ideas while I'm doing other stuff throughout my day, and my entire goal behind creating content is two things, number one to get sales. But here's the thing, my content isn't selling. Like when I make a video like this, I'm not selling to you. It's not a sales video. But what is the sales mechanism of it? Well, it gives me an opportunity to mention the offers that I have. You can find in the description below. We can find information about my coaching program, and you can learn about how to work with me, and how you could join us in that. So this gives me a chance and an opportunity to expose what I do in my business to people by sharing valuable content. And that's exactly why I do the content that I create. The other thing is, is that I know that if I give away my best content, it builds trust with people. So that's the second thing is, why I actually make content is to nurture trust with the people that I'm connecting with. My entire goal is to find people that are out there that are coaches, mentors, trainers, whether they're a health coach, a healer, a therapist, a spiritual coach, whether they're a business coach, a marketing coach, whatever it is, you name it, I can help them get results online if they apply the system that we use, the Evergreen marketing systems and the way that we put everything together, you need to not be working so hard in your business. You do not be putting in so much effort into your business to get the results. I find people are spending way too much time to get the kind of results that they want to get, and it's just not worth it at all. It's not worth spending those hours and hours and hours grinding. It's not a spirit of excellence, awesome. Okay, I'm not. I don't want to offend anybody here. It feels like excellence. It feels like wisdom. It feels like we're doing the right thing by curating and making everything perfect and spending all this time doing that, but it is hurting you, and it's causing you to not get sales. And the reason why you're probably watching this right now is because you're not getting the kind of sales that you want to make. And you want to know what is the type of content that gets sales? I find that there's a flywheel that ends up happening as well that you want to do is that you want to have equally the amount of content as you want advertising. And so what I do is, and I'm probably the worst writer in the world, but that's okay. You want to have your content nurtures the advertising. The advertising feeds back into the content, and when I only put content out there, I barely get any sales in my business. When I only advertise and don't put out content, I get a few sales in my business. But if I do both consistently. Now I have two kids. They're under three years old. I have a limited amount of time. I have multiple businesses that I'm running. I trade stocks as well as one of my multi six figure income streams. I don't have a lot of time to come up with ideas and content and spend time coming up with these massive things, and I refuse to, and that's what has made me the most amount of money, is that refusal. Some could call it laziness. I call it actually the most wise thing that I can do is that my refusal to spend so much time to where, in fact, I'm rather flippant. I. And possibly borderline reckless at how quickly I'll come up with an idea, and I'm going to put it out there, and I'll record it, and I'm going to talk about it, and I only ever produce content that flows from internally, rather than something that's super logical and built out and is super outlined and developed out and made for you to be able to to really get these deep concepts from. You know, I spent a couple of years studying the cadences and the patterns of what produces the most results when it comes to YouTube videos. And can I tell you this, the videos that get me the most results is when I have thrown those out the window and I just flow from intuition when I'm just feeling what feels best to share with you, and I'm just being myself, and my vibe and my energy is connecting better. And can I tell you this, as well as a coach and as a mentor in this business model, that's actually what is going to connect with people more with you, is that vibe that they get from you, that feeling that they get when they hear you, when they watch your videos, when they hear your content. It's not even necessarily what you're saying, but the confidence that you're expressing. And so if you can get to the point where, and this might be something that you've never done before, but you can get to the point where you don't over analyze your content as you're putting it out there. You're not overthinking all the stuff that you're saying, trying to curate it, make it the perfect thing and and you retrain that part of your brain that tells you it has to be perfect. If it's not perfect, I can't put it out there. It must be right, and you are willing to beta test ideas. I've been in this business for 22 years, and every single day I am still beta testing ideas to refine them. Now I have some guidelines and some frameworks and some ideas. I know exactly what type of client I want to work with. This is based on a lot of data and the people that I have worked with and the type of clients that I want to get results for. But when I'm actually putting stuff out there, it comes from what feels good to me, what feels good in the moment, because that's actually what's going to create the most connection when it comes to content, oftentimes it's always going to be emotionally driven as a coach and as a mentor, because I'm not creating content where I'm necessarily just like dancing and doing stuff like that. Listen, I have some ads and some stuff on my social media where I'll put a nice quote on there and it has me dancing something like that. Can I tell you something, though, when I come up with those ideas where I'm dancing around and it has a quote, I came up with that idea on the fly. I typed it up in the Notes app on my phone, and I recorded a quick little jig, and I put the put the thing on there, and it gets like, 1000s of views by doing something like that, because I didn't spend a lot of time trying to perfect it, trying to make it perfect. And so I go back to this all the time, and I ebb and flow, and I need to, like, have a big like thing that just smacks me upside the head every time I forget it, because I will oftentimes forget it. Months from now, somebody will make a comment where they don't like my style, they're like, you're moving your hands too much, or you, you, you just ramble all the time. Are you doing all that? And people say that and it gets stuck in my head, or I'll hear somebody say, Yeah, we we got more results by really curating the exact area of what to say at that exact moment. And I start to hear this from people that are really successful, and it gets in my mind, and I can maybe I should do that. And then literally, my results start to drop, my sales start to drop. And so what I found is that with content creation, what works the best is what feels good in that moment to share with people. I get an idea, and it flows out of it. And the second thing, because you're like, Well, how am I going to feel stuff I don't know what actually like that sounds really Woo and weird. Jeremiah, the more connections and conversations that you have with potential clients. I had a VIP coaching call today with my VIP coaching group, and we had incredible conversations. What I'm sharing right now in this video was a small part of our VIP conversation that I had with my VIP clients. It's been a big part of what I've been sharing with my clients recently, defeating procrastination, taking that thing inside of you that says I gotta make it perfect and I gotta delay, and I have to make sure that it's good enough before I put it out there and refine it, and keep refining it and keep optimizing it. And I gotta wait for the right moment and the right time and the right opportunity,

[157:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that produces nothing, and that won't get you results it your brain tells you it will. Your brain's lying to you. You. And I can tell you that with confidence, because of the 1000s of people that I've worked with, just like you and my own life, where I've seen this, that as soon as you get to the point where you know what, it just flows from you. And so there's two levels of confidence that you have to develop. Number one, there's a level of confidence that comes from experience. I have a lot of experience. You may not have the kind of experience that I do, but there's a second level of confidence that just says, You know what, I'm going to discipline myself, and I'm going to take action. And as soon as I take action, things are going to start to work. And I'm going to take action scared and nervous without knowing how this is going to turn out, and I'm just going to see what happens. And you become and create and develop a lifestyle of doing that in your business, when you do that, you will make more money than you ever imagined. The people that I've worked with that have made ridiculous amounts of money in their business. That's exactly how they got there. And the ones who struggle, the ones who I've seen struggle, the ones who I've mentored, and I've told them this, they ignore this one piece of advice because they feel like they know better. They feel like they know better because of everything else that's been in their life. And yet, the results speak for themselves. They got zero sales. They're not making the kind of money they want to make. Well, simultaneously, I have a business that's making multiple seven figures. And so for you, if you want to be able to scale your business, to create the kind of revenue that's possible for you, the kind of profit margins that are possible for you, you gotta shorten the length and amount of time that you're spending on coming up with ideas. And then what you want to do is you want to pull from the ideas of conversations you're already having. I might have had this conversation already with four or five other people in my coaching groups and things like that. Well, guess what? It's a great idea to share with my email list. It's a great idea to create a video about when you can start to create a framework for this. You can flow so much faster in getting content out there. You might have noticed I've not had as many YouTube videos coming out over the last six months. Over the last nine months, really, my my wife gave birth to our second son, and I have been kind of living on eggshells a little bit for the last nine months, as I've learned how to live with having two little kids. It's been hard. It's been difficult. I've not felt the most confident in life, and I literally let that get into my business and my content creation. And guess what, while my business is thriving and we're making a lot of money, it's not been what I know that the potential could be. And so what I've done is I've gone back to the drawing board, and I've said, what has worked, what does work, and literally, immediately within it's been two months since I've been applying this, we have had more sales, almost tripled our sales volume in the last three months. It's incredible because I've been able to take action quickly on the ideas that I have, and I'm not waiting around for the perfect moment or the perfect opportunity, and then what I'm doing is my content is not focused on how can it be the most persuasive, but rather, what makes a connection with people? What do they need to hear in this moment? What do I know helped my coaching group? What? What do I know is the conversation that really resonated, that I could then turn that into a piece of content to put on my YouTube channel, and that's exactly what I've done right here. Listen, if you want to work with me to dive deeper into getting more clients in your business, I'd love to have you jump in with us. Go check out one of the links in the description below, take a test drive, a 14 day trial of our wealthy coach Academy program. I'd love to see you in there. It's going to be absolutely incredible, having you with us talk soon. Have going you?

