VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2026-02-10T21:51:25.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: vmDLhle2aqcRbi6DYWoLnNPtTRo
---

[1:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, hey, Robin, how are you I'm

[2:30] Robin Ernst: good. How are you doing?

[3:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good? I just created a new offer that I'm going to get up and probably run some ads too cool. It is a look at this, your Virtual Employee running 24/7 Wow, always on AI agents that work inside your business join the waiting list, Virtual Employee day one, built from real world experience, starter Pro and luxury, awesome. And so this is a basically I studied how to create the most secure version of this, AI agent software OpenClaw, that's been around for a bit, and I can launch these to People now.

[21:09] Robin Ernst: Very cool, yeah. Well, I wrote my offer yesterday and today, like I was in the zone and great. Just felt like it wrote itself. That was a really cool feeling.

[24:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's usually how it goes. Once you kind of get to that place where you're in the zone is, you'll feel like, you know, you know how it's feeling and all that.

[27:28] Robin Ernst: So I started to think about the experience I've been curating for a few early adopter people. And then I then I wrote from the perspective of of the client and what they're going through and what they need. And then I wrote about the system that supports and then I started to dig into the operations and numbers side for myself to help me determine the pricing and what are my costs and and, yeah, it just, it felt really good. It's, it's, it's, I felt like there's also that sense of just going all in on the business thing. I've had so many near misses on the employee or contractor thing, and I just thought, you know what? Either, either just let all of that go and focus completely on doing offers, or if I am going to get find myself in a one year contract where I'm super busy as a vendor, then I'm going to really wish I did this before. So either way, I need to just do it absolutely.

[45:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just getting it done. Can I see it? Yeah, yeah. Okay. How do I see it? Well, hey, David, how you doing, buddy?

[48:21] Robin Ernst: I do all my drafts longhand, so I brought it I can read it through and talk it through, and I definitely will be typing it up and sending it in, but I've got a lot of pages where that's always been, my process as a writer is I start pen and paper.

[51:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So okay, you could probably, you could probably just scan it in and have, yeah, AI just turn it into a written version or type it up. But, yeah, getting it typed up will be helpful. Tell me. Tell me what it is like, read it out.

[56:46] Robin Ernst: It's the resilient use system that we talked about before, and it's, it's all the things that allowed me to keep going during that intense season. And yeah, it's I love that it's so universally applicable, like the feedback that you've given me before, that there's so many people who need resilience for any number of reasons, and to not to broaden that out beyond only caregivers. And I really like the the multi faceted approach. And when I got done writing it all down, like I got super excited, because I felt like there's no way that the customer is not going to have a great experience. There's so many there's so many tools being applied, that even if they only applied one or two of the tools, they're going to have a great outcome. And so with you know, as they say, your mileage may vary. While each person's going to resonate with different things in a different way, there's no way they're not going to get huge value add. The other thing I thought about was to start with 12 spots only, so I can while I certainly want to automate a lot of this, I want to be available to oversee and check in frequently to make sure that everybody is having a great experience. And then once I have 12 raving fan customers, then I can look at scaling up and hiring a virtual assistant or automating some more of this. But I thought 12 is a manageable number for me to serve. And also, the numbers work really well.

[81:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So do you have any of the offer sales copy and how this is?

[83:24] Robin Ernst: I mean, I've got, like, pages and pages in here. I've been just, yeah, so

[84:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you read some of that? Yeah,

[84:40] Robin Ernst: absolutely. I can. I

[86:47] Robin Ernst: another morning where it's all you can do to pull yourself out of bed. Some days, you would love to quit, but you push the thought of quitting aside because your people are depending on you, and you know you can't quit. You want to keep going. You know you have to find a way to refuel yourself so you can keep showing up for the people who depend on you, a vacation would be nice, and you look for ways to make that happen. But in your heart of hearts, you know a vacation is only a temporary fix, and you hate to think of the mountain of email and issues waiting for you when you get back, what you need is not a short term relief. You need a long term solution, something simple enough to implement, something sustainable that can be done in 15 minute time windows, a way to keep yourself resilient under pressure. The modern day Clark Kent, phone booth, relief, sustainability, resilience. Here it is. Resilient youth systems is a carefully chosen group of tools built by a corporate leader who took care of their terminally ill spouse while continuing to serve their team and their clients. Resilient youth systems is a purpose driven way to help you navigate your daily challenges so you can keep showing up for your people every component of the resilient use system is implemented in 15 minute time, Windows or runs in the background, supporting you behind the scenes. A remedy in your pocket to dial down stress, a remedy in your pocket to help you focus, a remedy to help you sleep, quantum frequencies that run in the background to help you focus and concentrate during the work day, to help you stay positive, dial down stress, and that run in the background in the night to help you support better sleep. Quantum music therapy, customized by the sound of your own voice, filling in the gaps and notes to increase your emotional wellness, mind body connection that gives you the edge to keep going and remain productive under pressure. Imagine being supported throughout your daily life. What might you be capable of? What could it mean to your people, to experiencing you showing up, feeling like yourself? And then I have broken it down throughout the day the different tools that are implemented. So what would those be upon waking tear open the energy formula sachet, pour it in a jar of water on your nightstand, listen to three minutes of quantum brain activating music, and enjoy the other 10 minutes of music while you get ready for the rest of your day. During your work day, feel the confidence of knowing designer frequencies are broadcasting to support focus concentration, dialing down stress and supporting a more positive outlook. At bedtime, tear open the rebuild formula sachet and pour it into your water bottle, take your calm and regulate capsule to support better sleep and feel the relief of knowing the frequencies are broadcasting throughout the night, supporting your sleep and throughout the day at any challenging moment, implemented the five minute limbic brain remedy to regulate your mindset and pivot your mood. Awesome. Is there any more?

[146:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, yes. Is there any more? Yes, all right,

[148:06] Robin Ernst: what would it be worth to you to receive this sustainable support every single day, and imagine what will happen to your family and to your team when you keep going and continue to show up playing full out. Then I was going to add a bio, and then talk, start talking about the clothes, and then I started to think about like, okay, what are the actual tools, and what are my costs, and what do I manage? And what would I need to find a VBr for? What would I manage if I didn't need an assistant at the time? And then I started to, like, plan out the numbers and what that would be. And I started to get really happy when I started to see how sustainable this was for me. Yeah, that by doing this with just, I don't know that I would call it a, like a high ticket offer, but it's a midpoint offer. But I started to look and thought, well, you know, even without like the Eileen Wilder supernova offer, if I have 12 people in this that that's not only going to give me great testimonials going forward, but it's very sustainable. And I looked at like, behind the scenes, how I can structure things, and it do look very financially sustainable for me, it was really by that point I was getting really excited to see, like, this is really doable, this is really sustainable. And, yeah, that's exciting, awesome.

[171:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's a great starting place, right there. Then what we want to do is kind of work, work backwards, and build out the the marketing materials for it and how we market it. And I always, I always focus on, like, get, get a rough draft of the main offer, but then focus most of your energy on the marketing. Got it, most of your energy on how you communicate the marketing and how you're going to get people in front of it. Because a great, a great offer is useless if people are not giving you feedback on it or taking a look at it and things like that. So that's, that's the main things to really, to really look at, agreed, agreed.

[183:27] Robin Ernst: There's a lot, there's, you know, there's a lot to go from here. But I it was wonderful to get in the zone and just have because I know there's a couple places I was sort of repeating, but, you know, I think it's important to just stay in that stream of consciousness to start with, and just get really clear on where you want to go. And there's been sort of bits and pieces before, but this felt like just felt really clear, because I just was thinking about the experience that, like I said, that I've created for early adopters and and the feedback I got from them, and so it was easy to get in the to get clear about the solution, and then easy to get in the mindset of someone who needs the solution. There's a lot of people who need this at both genders, lots of different lots of different callings. I think the there's just that sense, I think especially well, increasingly now, is when things are really stressful, like you have to keep going. There's no option you, there's no there's no quitting, when there's so many people depending on you, and so the the sense of urgency, I think, once we can get it in front of the right people, that they'll connect to that, and then with it being a mid range offer, then if the cost of not being able to show up and play full out is such a high cost already that I think it will be an easy sell, especially thinking about there's 12 spots for this. We're opening the doors for this. And it's interesting because I've seen that. I've seen that from you. I've seen that from a lot of folks with coaching, that you have your part of your creating a sense of urgency for the for the buyer, is is limiting the number of spots, but for me, it's also it feels really authentic, because I looked at what's realistic for me to create that high level experience, and it was very purpose driven and operations driven. So it doesn't it feels really authentic to me, and that vibe of like, yeah, there's only 12 spots. Like, I'm going to do this for 12 people, yeah and yeah.

[220:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to show you something in just a little bit, I'm going to draft up two versions of what a landing page will look like, and we're going to turn this into something tangible for you. Okay, so in just a couple of minutes, we'll be able to see something. Tell me this. Do you want it more clean and modern, calm and wellness, or bold and premium or warm and personal?

[227:44] Robin Ernst: I'm thinking clean and modern. As I read through this, I was thinking that I think there's going to be a good percentage of men in the in the demographic of people who say, Look, I've just got to keep going whatever it costs. I just got to keep going. So I was thinking, I don't want this to be very feminine and touchy feely. I want this to be more something where a man is not going to feel uncomfortable in with the whole look and feel of the piece. Yeah, I don't want to make it too girly. Yeah?

[237:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'm going to show you kind of two versions of what a like a sales letter would look like. One of them that's like, it's it's basically exactly your text. And the other one that's a little bit rewritten. One thing that I did was I went here. I took the transcript what you just said, Oh, okay. And I just told Claude to just look format it right here as text. So instead of having to type it up, it's just thank you right there, put

[245:59] Robin Ernst: my notebook down and pick up my laptop so I can see a little closer.

[247:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so then this is kind of creating two examples of that that sales copy right here. So awesome. David, how are you doing?

[251:16] David T: Well, I finally got on my off my butt last night and started really heading into the finish lane. Here, awesome, getting more familiar again with how my system, IO system works and how to add the emails. I haven't written the last emails yet, but I intend to do that today, I did change the colors on my checkout page so they're all congruent from the landing page to the checkout page, so somebody doesn't feel like they're switched systems or something, so the branding is consistent. Yeah, did that, and I'm doing some final edits on my deliverable to make sure it's ready to send to somebody. I hadn't looked at it in quite a while.

[262:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So awesome. I know we had talked through a checklist and everything last week about what to do.

[264:29] David T: I did open that. Yeah, I looked at that yesterday evening when I was starting to work on this

[266:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing i Oh, you know, I didn't send you over those ad graphics that I had at MiG.

[267:30] David T: Oh, that's right, I thought there was something missing.

[268:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here is, let's see. Here's one example of like, clean and modern. You can't quit, but you're running on empty another morning. Yes. See, look at Yeah. So this is all just designed and based on and this is just an AI tool.

[274:59] Robin Ernst: God, that's amazing. I was able to build this fast. How in the world,

[276:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like it's a magic trick every time I show people how quick this is.

[277:15] Robin Ernst: Oh, my God, look at that. Yeah,

[278:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: so it's and it's going to work in this

[278:58] Robin Ernst: statement, isn't it

[279:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little bit more. And then there's another version that we'll have here. Let me see landing page eight sections, right? Um, let's see, can you make a version two. Spice it up a bit with stock photo graphics and a few more color contrast to it. Great, great start. So like, I can just chat with this right here, and then it will go to work and develop it out and do that. My God, look at that. So, yeah, we use that to create there's a there's a peptides telehealth thing that we're launching with my mom right here. Same kind of thing. Sandy's peptides protocol. Hey, let's see. Here's another one. This advertisement, the advertisement that every exhausted overburden leader has been praying for. This one's a little bit like totally rewritten, if you're if you feel like the high performance engine's been running on dirt cheap gas, 24 hours a day, 10 years straight, then pull up a chair. Yes. Let's be honest, you're tired, not that I need a nap. Tired, the bone deep, soul crushing exhaustion that makes the simple act of putting your feet on the floor for like climbing Mount Everest for the vacation live we tell ourselves forged in the ultimate pressure cooker. And so this is like just another version of that kind of little more aggressive sales copy, yep. Kind of

[305:59] Robin Ernst: I like the first one a little better, but I think that the second yeah might actually appeal more to the guy demographic. The guy yeah, they're

[308:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: both, they're both just two, two different options. And what I do is I just prompted Gemini to rewrite it in the style of Dan Kennedy and Gary Halbert, because that's kind of their, their style. And then I just took your draft here that I made right here, and it was able to do that.

[313:09] Robin Ernst: So, oh my God, that's pretty amazing.

[314:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Which is good. So that's in lovable, which is awesome. It's going to make some graphics here and throw some of those in there too for you. Oh my gosh.

[316:46] Robin Ernst: Jeremiah, so having an Obi Wan Kenobi day for sure.

[318:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's what I love. Like, look at here. Okay, it just now. It went even deeper and made graphics right here. I now there's more contrast to it, more colors.

[322:48] Robin Ernst: Yes, I looked at while I was structuring this, like my business brain really kicked off, and I started to think about vendors and materials that I'm purchasing. And, you know, because I'm going to put together, like, this whole, this is not going to be a drop ship. I'm going to put together, like, bespoke packages that make it super simple, so people don't just get a bunch of Amazon boxes. They don't know what to do with. It's going to be in a 30 day bin, day 1234, with this, with a packet for every single day. It's going to be like, do all the thinking for them, do all the unpacking and packaging to make it just it's so easy to to stay in a habit when you just pick up your daily pouch and run like it's going to be a very easy to just brainless, easy to implement. What's your

[337:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: price point on this?

[338:16] Robin Ernst: You know, that's a really great question. That was, I did a lot of figuring on that. What I've got so far is my source materials is around 400 a month. And then I need to, you know, add in something for mine, and, you know, all the various packaging and coaching and whatnot, but it looks like it'll be around. I'm thinking about 500

[346:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, well, you need better way

[346:54] Robin Ernst: to get okay, we sure can. Yeah, yeah. I'm still just getting I thought the best way to start was to look at the just to look at the costs and go from there. I thought that would be a good place to start, but you're right, there should be more margin. That's that part of the conversation needs to be developed.

[352:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think for each Well, I think for each client, yeah, maybe, like, if you do price it at 500 a month, you could with 12 people. Here's the thing, if your margin is only making 100 you're making $1,200 off of each off of each cohort with 12 people.

[358:21] Robin Ernst: Yeah, I That's true. I need to make more margin than that. I did look at vendors and vendors giving me some breaks and bonuses, which will be extra helpful as well. But there does need to be more margin than that. So good thing.

[362:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so from the like, landing page and launching standpoint that's built in the lovable platform, and I can send you like, kind of where you could, yeah, you can grab that and use it. Here's, here's the other version with some more contrast and graphics to it. Okay, do

[369:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: seems to pull this like meditation version here. We could like change the graphic if you want, but overall, that is

[373:01] Robin Ernst: maybe like a guy with with clamshell headphones, the idea of, like the quantum music or something, I think the the lady in the lotus position might be perceived as too girly. Plus, I'm not teaching yoga, right? Exactly, some kind of a, like a guy, like a with his eyes closed, sort of in the in the zone with, like the DJ style clamshell headphones, that sort of thing.

[383:51] Robin Ernst: The thing that I got so happy about this Jeremiah when I was writing this down, it's like, this is a solution that I built over time and curated. There's no one else has combined these products from these vendors in this way, and I'm proud of that. I think that's a really cool value add. I like the creative nature of that, and I like the fact that it's been road tested in my own highly stressful life. Yeah, I feel really good about this, and I want to say more about that. That's one of the things I started you know, writing about this has been real world tested by a corporate leader who was doing the sandwich generation caregiving thing while taking care of her clients and taking care of her team, I even thought, well, maybe I should use they instead of she, but then to make all customers feel welcome. But then I thought, Well, I mean, I'm a she, so it is what it is, but I really like that purpose driven story. And I think that's something that needs to be, you know, like about your host, or this was, this was not created in a in a lab, and this wasn't created in a room full of whiteboards. This is real world experience that's being passed on to you. I like that. I think that there's something to that that feels really grounding and compelling?

[406:08] David T: Yeah, or did I lose myself?

[406:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, I think most, I think what I have found is that most coaching programs, when the coach at their core really dives into it, the ones that do well, they have those foundations, and they're exactly what you describe, what I what I see more often than not happen Robin is that nobody purchases it okay, that Nobody buys because of just putting too much emphasis on,

[418:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: like what's being delivered rather than what is the transformation that's happening for the client, right? And focusing in on then growing in the skill of persuasive sales, present, doing presentations, advertising, marketing and getting people in front of the offer to then sell to them. And so those are, those are the important kind of stages of this, where we want to where we want to take things.

[427:20] Robin Ernst: Okay, yeah. Well, I figured there was going to be a process of tweaking the offer and tweaking the audience, kind of like an X Y axis, until we start getting some some good connection, and then just sell the heck out of that.

[431:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I often find is that the offer itself. Very little tweaking goes into the actual offer that's being sold. Okay? Where the tweaking is involved is in the marketing language, and what is the angle that you're taking to market it to people. The offer remains the same. It's kind of static, and you can adjust it on your own in the back end. But, and this is what I've found, is that the best businesses, they like my my mom's offers inner circle, her stocks Academy, her Women's Mentorship, that offer pretty much hasn't changed much or been tweaked at all from the time that we put it up and launched launch them, not even once, but what we did tweak and iterate a lot is the emails that go out to people, the landing pages that get leads and brand new people exposed to her community, the messaging on her social media that gets is where the the majority of our focus goes into that then directs people to the offer, because they have trust built and they understand that this is the answer to what they are looking for. And so yes, that's where the the effort and energy we want to kind of shift that into, for you is focusing in on after today. You know, dial this in a little bit more, get that, get this up and running. But then what we gotta do is we gotta say, okay, what are like, five hooks that we would use for ad campaigns, things like that. And so, for instance, let's just see like, and this is, and this is where like, I believe that for marketing, the offer part of it is kind of the more human aspect that you have to build, because it's it's you, it's what you're offering, and so that's what you put a lot of effort into. Right then what I do is I have the I have artificial intelligence focused on the marketing, and then I massage as many versions of that with the AI as I can do to where to where I don't have to, like, be super married to one idea or not, I can test 510 different angles to see which One really resonates the most with people. Yeah, yeah. I

[476:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, for instance, what is the, what is the what was like a Facebook ad look like, or Instagram ad to the to the leader who's privately crumbling, you can't quit. You won't quit, let's be honest. You're running on fumes. And grit every day is a battle. Stop being a victim of your own success. This is kind of the like the angle that this is taking right here. Yeah, emotional connection. Let's see. I watched them do the impossible. Now it's your turn. Imagine managing a global team, roster, demanding clients, caring for a terminally ill spouse all the same time, most people would break my friend didn't. Now, obviously that's you that you're talking about. This would be a great angle to take right here, the resilient you system you owe it to your family to show up as the person they remember, not the exhausted ghost you've become. Yeah, see if you're in a reset for high performance humans, if you're too busy for a breakdown. I know it's interesting.

[494:20] Speaker 1: I love this. Yeah,

[494:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you need this. You know. This is, you know, this is reminding me of, is some of the marketing and language of Steven Kotler. You know who he is?

[497:33] Robin Ernst: I don't, but I'm about to learn, ain't I? So

[498:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Steven Kotler, I just I read some of his books. This one right here, the rise of Superman, decoding ultimate, ultimate performance is this one and then stealing fire, how Silicon Valley Navy SEALs, Maverick scientists are revolutionizing the way that we live and work. So this book, Jamie Wheal and Steven Kotler, these were pretty basically. What they talk about is getting into a flow state, is like the whole like focus of the book and how to do that. Now, what's funny is they, they mentioned that, like, you can microdose drugs to do that. And that's like, their angle that they're taking, which is so funny. Like, you read the book and it's an advertisement for micro dosing drugs.

[512:25] Robin Ernst: No, actually, one of the drafts of My offer is drug free remedy, but then that's

[513:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually, yeah, that actually, it would be important, because the offer kind of feels like Stephen kotler's offer. And some people would like, if they've seen his, they'd be like, Oh, I've read that book before.

[517:05] Robin Ernst: The thing is, like, it's all about the need and the outcome. And so I'm talking about things like essential oils and nutritional therapy in a non soccer mom way to show like, Hey, I was, I was an executive and caregiver, and I didn't crater because of this, this whole idea, and the it's really, I'm actually going to go back to school and get my nd degree. So this is like from a change management expert and and the naturopathic approach to biohacking really is what it's all about and but then the frequency therapy and stuff like this is no longer just just science fiction like it's saves my bacon every day. It's very effective. Yeah, have that, there's, there's just with it, without it. There's just no contrast. I mean, there's no there's no decision on whether or not to keep going. These tools are so helpful. And I just everyone who's been introduced to this has been like, Oh my God. I just, I didn't, I was able to get through this. So people who have critically ill family members, beta testers have been people have critically ill family members, people who are like recently lost a family member who passed away, but they still have to keep working because now they're a single parent. This is, this is the road tested tools here, and they've really proven out everybody's going to get a great outcome, even even allowing for everybody's uniqueness, these tools are so powerful, if you just implement not even all of them, you're you're going to move the needle for sure.

[549:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see. Look at this. I just did this to go five layers deep. Okay, on this layer, one logical surface complaint. I'm tired and stressed, have brain fog. Get more done. And by the way, this is the thought process that we want to go through. I want to actually run David's offer through some of this as well. Yeah, get more done less time. Everybody promises more energy. It's a commodity. It appeals to logic. The logic doesn't pull out the credit card. Level two, the consequences. Because I'm tired, I'm falling behind at work and snapping at my family. I want to be productive and good leader. Stop letting your team down. Refuel yourself so you can keep showing up. This is where the current draft sits. It's duty based marketing. It's but it feels like a chore. It attracts people who want to fix, not a transformation. Okay? So that's where we're at now.

[563:55] Robin Ernst: About yet is how great it feels when this when the system is working, yeah, and that's important,

[566:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: if I keep slipping, people will see that I'm not as powerful, great or strong as they always thought. They might lose respect for me, the secret weapon CEOs use to stay calm when their competitors' panic, ego, fear of loss, guilt, resentment. Let's see, I secretly resent the people I love because they take so much from me, then I feel guilty for resenting them. Feel trapped in prison.

[574:12] Robin Ernst: We could talk about is in this days of massive layoffs, it's super important to like not crack under pressure, and you don't want to do anything that puts a target on your back. And so to be able to keep on showing up and feeling like yourself is is it's your edge.

[579:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: For the hero, oh, this is cool for the for the leader who's holding up the sky, how to forge a nervous system that can carry the world and make it look easy to sell this system. Stop selling it as stress relief, more as return to being the powerful king, queen version of yourself. Yeah, yeah. I love it that. I like that. As far as that goes, I do too. They called you a rock, but they have no idea you're crumbling inside for the leader who carries the weight of the world, manages the impossible, refuses to quit. Let's have a private conversation, just you and me. Everyone relies on you, your team, your clients, your spouse, your kids. To them, you're a bottomless well of strength, but lately, the wells run dry. You wake up tired. You drink coffee, not to enjoy it, but just to survive. You smile at your team, but behind your eyes, you're calculating how many hours you have to fake it before you can you're going to collapse the guilt that you aren't present enough, the resentment that everyone wants a piece of you, and the terrifying thought that one day your battery is going to hit zero and it's all going to come crashing down. You don't need a vacation. You don't need another breathing exercise. You need a new power system, a new battery. Need a way to rebuild your biological resilience at a cellular level so you can stop surviving life and start commanding it. This isn't about wellness. This is about breakthrough at the highest level. Yes, so that's an interesting angle right there as well is to take with the sales copy.

[605:21] Robin Ernst: Now, what i i The last time we talked about this, I remembered your your excellent feedback about how important it was, not only for for the sales point of view, but for the actual operations that this is a system, it's not just about another counseling session, so to speak. You're not there to vent. You're building in systems that just keep keep you going, and things that are easy either running in the background to keep you going, or things that you implement in five to 15 minute time windows, just very small time windows, but I would like to offer like a coaching aspect. If they want some feedback and guidance and tweaking this, then you know, we could offer that level as well. But one of the things,

[618:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, how are we like delivering this, interacting with people, and helping them get buy in, into using the framework.

[621:02] Robin Ernst: Well there, there would need to be, you know, a sales, and they would pay. They would there would be one stripe charge for them, and then I would buy all the parts and pieces and curate the system and send it to them once a month where, here's your, here's your, here's your month, here's the next month of tools for you. So, yeah, I understand

[626:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: that part I'm talking about there. I'm talking about the customer experience,

[627:37] Robin Ernst: right, right, right. So, and that's maybe that's something with their enrollment. Then, you know, I will create a profile with the frequencies and send them out as scheduled and and then they'll have their tools that they'll get. So they'll get, like, a curated box of, like, actual, you know, the packet that they add to their water and their the different, you know, stress relieving modalities there and then the frequencies will be going out, one during business hours, one in the afternoon and one in evening, different, different curated frequencies for different times of day.

[640:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and where, where are you connecting with them for how to use this rather than just sending them stuff?

[643:00] Robin Ernst: Yeah, excellent, excellent discussion. There would be an onboarding call. And, you know, after coordinated around their their box, so they'll get their package, and we'll have an onboarding call, and we'll, I'll talk them through how to use it, and the frequencies is more of educating them, The letting them know what curated topics are available, and the the standard one is going to be the the one for focus and concentration, the one for stress and mood pivoting, and then the one for sleep. But there are definitely other topics that can be added in. And, you know, they could, there could be, like an enrollment form, checking off the what the current struggles are, and that I can, I can send the frequency list that addresses those particular concerns. So that's a great question about the kickoff call. And I actually, I have a really good go by as I think about my menopause. Doctor did a kickoff call with me, and they ship me product every month, but then there was a kickoff call, and had to use what they were sending me. And so I can kind of think about that onboarding experience and how positive and supportive that that felt, and kind of recreate that.

[665:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, what's going to drive people to buy something like this again is I think they really want to connect with just how you've transformed your life and your story and beyond, just like what's in it for them, and making that connection with you. And so that's going to be an important part of kind of building a business around this is, is that just simply offering a great product like this to people is not it's not enough to get anyone to buy it anymore, and so we have to build something around people making that that deeper connection with you, and really wanting to experience what you've experienced, because they understand how deep That goes for you, and then that trust is built for them to make an investment of four to $600 a month at that at that level.

[680:39] Robin Ernst: That sounds good, yeah.

[681:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's what

[682:00] Robin Ernst: things I also want to emphasize is this suite of tools was curated over time. And what a what a value added is to have this where you can have everything that took me a year and a half to gather up, you can have it all on day one. That's, that's definitely I would, I'd love to have the benefit of that, right? It's I definitely wrote the material that I needed. So I really, I want to emphasize that people are getting the they're getting the advantage and the benefit of something that, you know was curated over time. I I didn't have this right out of the gate. Boy, don't I wish I had but, but they can. Yeah. So would this be like social media things, or would this be like a podcast episode talking about different tools?

[698:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I think the origin story is important. I think talking about the origin story, talking about where you kind of came up with this, all of those things are amazing, but the customer doesn't really care about a lot of that. Yet, what they care about is what's in it for them. And so that's where we have to meet them, not like, here's what's in the box. Here's how long I've done it. It's I see you. I was you. I was there, the way, where you are, yeah. And so in that, like, you want to, you want to show people that this isn't just an exercise, right, that you are them and that you've come out the other side of it.

[711:17] Robin Ernst: Yes, if I called in every time I wanted to, then my husband would have lost his medical insurance. So they're going forward, was literally the only option.

[714:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you know what be great is, if you got some, like, beta testers for this with you, I do to start with and you had their feedback, I do in the next week or so, would be really amazing. Like, what's changed in their life? What's the before and after of experience this and working with you,

[719:52] Robin Ernst: I'm really glad I'm going to continue to follow up with them. This is, you know, to get more I've had conversations, but their, their main, the overall, recurrent theme was I was able to keep going in what was just crushing circumstances. Somehow I'm still showing up positive at work. And just the, just the proof of the pudding is that they keep going to be able to continue to show up and play full out and be themselves, and yeah,

[730:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I think this is going to take stepping out of your comfort zone and doing what might feel a little bit scary initially.

[733:27] Robin Ernst: I think you're right, but I'm ready. I have reached a point where it's it's really time for me to start making money, and I've come like this close to getting contracts, and I'm still open to that. I mean, I love the I love the nerdy work that I've done, but it's really time to just, it's time to, like, I knew there was going to be some awkwardness to this, and some potential, scary awkward. But yeah, I've just really, I gotta start making money, and so it's giving me that courage to do what needs to be done, which is kind of the theme, right? So that's okay, all right.

[746:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: David, so what have we got going on with you while we wrap up here?

[748:00] David T: Yeah, get back to my zoom window here. What did you mention earlier that you were running, going to run my sales copy through, and then those pictures? Ron, honestly, I don't really have anything new. I just need what we talked about last time.

[751:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I was unlovable. Yeah.

[752:02] David T: Because it's time for me to create an account there so I can play around.

[753:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, I wanted to see what the layers deep are. Let's see what's your offer link again. Oh, let

[755:35] David T: me grab it here for you. I

[760:15] David T: send it in the chat. All right,

[764:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see. So level one make 300 $500 in six weeks. This is where you know if you've spent money on courses, this is going to do this and help you with that. But level two is if you keep buying courses that don't work, I like, you've wasted enough money on things that have delivered nothing. You need to find something that actually delivers a result. Level three, starting to think that you're the kind of person who you're not the kind of person who can make this work, like they're doubting themselves and things like this. This is the layers that people go through in their in their journey. You know, everybody else seems to figure it out, but I'm not smart enough, kind of putting some of that fuel to the fire in there. What keeps them up at night? It's not necessarily they want more money, but rather, you know, what can I provide for my family? What could I buy with this? What are some things that could how it could transform my life, being somebody who can figure it out and get a win? So it's like, what? Current sales letter reads like, kind of like it's more logical. We want to add a bit more even emotion into it, and so if we rewrote it that way, this letter with this in mind, let me see here.

[790:02] David T: I felt the same way what we just mentioned, and I feel like it would be would benefit from going really into the emotional aspect of what the transformation is going to bring.

[794:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let me see here. This is taking a little bit of time.

[797:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You still haven't told anyone about that last course you bought, you know, the one that was supposed to finally be the one for you. You don't talk about it because there's nothing to talk about it just sits in your inbox, right next to the three you bought before it.

[801:30] David T: The worst part is, it's actually

[801:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty good. The worst part is, isn't the wasted money, it's the quiet voice inside your head, maybe I'm just not cut out for this. The real problem, let's skip the part where I tell you it's not your fault. You already know that what you don't know is that is why you still feel like a failure, even though you did everything these programs told you to do. You bought the courses, you went through them. Let me see. You built your funnel, social media added value. Found your niche somewhere around week three, the results didn't come. The excitement wore off. You quickly logged off. You didn't tell anyone. You quit. You just stopped. That's where this comes into play. Here's what nobody says about this. Is that you don't need $10,000 a month right now. You need a win, one tangible win, undeniable proof that the system works. And that's what this can do for you. It did it for me. $300 Sure. Might not change your life, but it will prove to yourself that you can generate money on your own online. So that's actually kind of a cool hook, right there.

[821:10] David T: I actually do like that? Yeah, that's really good.

[821:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like taking that angle of, I

[822:32] David T: don't want to oversell this, but I want people to make it believable, you know, yeah, I like that.

[826:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see. So that's kind of that would kind of be a starting angle, right there. Let's see. Here's the system, find a legitimate, verified payout opportunity, do the one simple action that triggers the reward, repeat whenever you need another bump.

[834:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. It taps the pre funded, legitimate reward programs that already exist. You're not pitching, you're not selling, you're not convincing. You're collecting payouts that already exist. No spreadsheets, no funnels, no content, calendar, no hustle culture, the exact system I've used to earn real payout step by step. So that's, I know you had your landing page, it was all professionally built and things like that. But I think just taking even that, like that angle with the sales copy that goes beyond just the surface level is going to be is going to be helpful. And here's the thing, you haven't launched it yet.

[845:33] David T: So, yeah, I can always make a second landing page.

[846:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It doesn't hurt to kind of build out a little bit of a second landing page and take a look at this. I let's see, because you already have a landing page built, I'm going to do something cool. Here is I want to see

[853:32] Speaker 2: I'm going to

[855:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: throw it into lovable and then I actually gave it your existing landing page as kind of a style guide. Okay, I did that the other day with with Claude is I had it like, I gave it three pages, and literally, was able to style it exactly like what I had given it, which was really, really cool.

[860:26] David T: So question here, are you sharing your screen? Because I'm not seeing anything, not

[861:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yet. Okay,

[863:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. Share. It's going to look at the design patterns of this page, analyze the reference style. So that's it. That's another cool thing like about this, just for making offers and stuff like that. And then you could What the What I like about this is you could then model it right back into systemic IO, right off of something like this.

[872:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or you can publish it right on here, but we have Sandy's AI thing published right on lovable. It's pretty cool. Okay, so, yeah.

[874:46] David T: So that's your domain integrated into there.

[875:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. You just, you just click publish and then add a domain right there.

[877:04] David T: So which is cool, I can add, like, a sub domain or something,

[878:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, exactly. You just do a sub domain. That'd be easy.

[880:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see it's setting up the design. It's building that out. So we'll, we'll have that right there. Okay, again, I sent you that checklist of things. Did we make? Did we make any ads?

[884:19] David T: No, I'm done any ads yet. I've really didn't do, starting to do anything until yesterday, and I think we have a holiday coming up on Monday at work again, so I've got, like, this long weekend, so I want to ramp up and get something

[887:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: going by the Valentine's day on Saturday.

[888:09] David T: Yeah, and I think isn't Monday, like a federal holiday, or some kind President's Day or something. I think so

[890:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me see, write five ads for Facebook off this new copy. We'll see what Claude makes right here. I hate that it keeps throwing it into this like markdown window. You haven't told me. What about the last course you bought? You're sitting in your inbox half finished, you didn't fail. This is different. Simple System. It's 11pm kids are in bed. You're googling how to make extra money. Here we go. You got three articles. Get overwhelmed. Close your laptop. It used to be the person who figured things out. You don't need another course. You need to win. Simple 30 minute system to get 300 to 500 bucks. The real cost, the emotional cost of doing nothing, the worst part about trying isn't failing, it's the $197 you wasted on a course throughout the cost of two pizzas. Yes, this will be some sales copy angles. Let's see it's building the landing page now there. And the way that lovable works is it's all just, let's just React code in the back here that it's making. So nowadays you don't really need to mess with the code, like unless you want to. You can dive in there. You can go in here and make any edits you want inside the code, but you just verbally tell it what you want and things like that. Yeah, yeah. So it's kind of putting a sort of a layout example for you here, little bit of a different color, but yeah, needs your graphics and stuff like that, so that's kind of how you can lay it out on your existing page. With some of this new copy, you could probably just copy and paste some of the text in there.

[921:05] David T: Yeah, right, exactly. So I'll

[921:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: send you this in Voxer as well for yours, and then some of these ad, advertising angles. But I think what we came up with last week, because we had just met last week, that the checklist of the stuff to get done,

[927:15] David T: yeah, that's what I started working on last night, is this

[927:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of going down that checklist, take some of these tweaks to this copy. I think some of this new copy is going to be a lot more connected, connect, which is really, really cool, which is awesome, right? Same with like for Robin, kind of some of the copy that we kind of came up with. I mean,

[932:54] David T: honestly, once I have the fulfillment sequence done. I can pop a different landing page on the front of any ad campaign I do, and just do some testing too, you know, I can redo the landing page and send the ads to that and they can all go to the same order page. You know. Do

[938:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have it mapped out what your fulfillment sequence

[939:43] David T: is a little bit? Yeah, I was working on that last night checking out my email, my my thank you page has a link to get the thing. But I also want to have an email that sends out, and I'm just I was looking at what I wanted the emails to be about, because I wanted to send just more than one, just as an encouragement and as a here's this next simple step, you know, start with this, then do this. Each follow up email will have, like, the next thing to do, yeah, and it's very simple, it won't, it won't be much, you know, but it'll be just like, here's the first thing. Here's spend five minutes doing this. Spend five or 10 minutes doing this, you know, or gathering this information, certain information, or doing this research, or looking, looking for the offers. I'm going to have, obviously, a list of offers they can look at that I'm going to send them. But how to find great new offers, you know, yeah,

[954:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: take the kind. So, take the time to kind of put those, things together to deliver what you're asking.

[955:20] David T: That's part of my follow up email sequence, you know. I mean, it'll all be in the report anyway, but for some just be a reinforcement. Have you done this yet? Have you done this? Because, I mean, honestly, they could set the whole thing up in two or three days, honestly, you know? So if I give them like five days of follow up, just each step in the process, being another day of the email, you know, and just encouraging doing the next thing. Plus, I want them to be able to get a get a win, you know, yeah, shouldn't take more than about 30 minutes to 45 minutes to set the first point up.

[965:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So great. Yeah, that sounds good. That's awesome. Well, that's what we want to focus on here this next week. Is you getting that done by the time that I talk to you next I want to see all of that put together and

[969:42] David T: functional. Yeah, functional.

[970:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ready to go, launch the

[970:31] David T: app, maybe even showing some posts on social media that I'm directing traffic, you know, or doing something to get people to inquire about the link, you know, sending it to them by dm, or sending up an automation in many chat, or something like,

[974:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, what are we what's our plan to make sure that that happens by the next time that I see you,

[976:47] David T: I'm working on it again tonight. I need to get the emails written. That's like my first thing I have to done. So I so I have, so once I deliver and I trigger the email sequence, I want that to be done.

[979:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would use, I would use Claude Opus 4.6 to do that.

[981:52] David T: Okay, is that in post? Can I use Poe for that?

[982:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's in Poe, yep. Okay, yeah, Claude Opus 4.6 is one of the best for writing emails. It just, it, just does it, just does it the right way. Yeah? So

[987:52] David T: and I want to have, I want to I was editing my, my, my deliverable last night as well, and this morning, actually, I did some of that this morning, actually, just to make sure it's ready to go. So when somebody actually orders and they get it, there's no like, problems with it. It's been a while since I've looked at it, so I just want to make sure I I still am dialed in with what I there's I didn't overlook any, like, edits or links or anything. So, yeah,

[996:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is cool. I didn't realize I hadn't done this yet. I sent you, or I'll send you in Voxer the link to this. It's taking your existing page and the images from it and the styles, okay, and it's now matching them.

[1001:03] David T: Oh, okay,

[1001:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I want to, I just want to see how it implements this. Updated styles, right here. Okay, see Robin. Do you feel good about we talked about today?

[1007:10] Robin Ernst: Yeah, I feel good. I I muted because I had some background noise and I didn't want to interrupt David's turn. But I've been tracking with you guys, and I'm just thrilled at what we got done today. So I'm gonna

[1010:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: accomplish a lot, pick up from there. Yeah, my biggest thing is this. Just keep the forward momentum going.

[1012:37] Robin Ernst: Yes, for sure, don't get stuck. The

[1013:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: biggest reason why we get stuck is usually distraction and nervous system dysregulation. Anyways, at the core true, it's usually where there's other things going on, and because of those, our nervous system is dysregulated. To build a focus on this type of work, that's like 99% of the work when it comes to marketing and stuff online. Here you go. Look at David. It took your photos and literally matched it, okay, in lovable,

[1022:05] David T: that's pretty cool. It

[1022:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: took your whole offer and merged it with that new version.

[1023:11] David T: Oh, wow.

[1023:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm telling you, this technology with lovable is just one of the coolest things that's based on. It's all it is, is just clawed Opus 4.6 Okay, running in the background is what it is. Built into a nice structure that's easy to use. And then what you're paying for is basically those, those credits, which they're pretty reasonable. I pay like, 20 bucks a month, and I get, I think I've maybe used, like, I use up maybe, like, 20% of my credits, anyways, if I'm doing like, a bunch of stuff, yeah, that's not bad. Really affordable. Wow, it's far what you get out of lovable you could do a whole funnel on just the $20 a month level.

[1035:40] David T: Oh, easily. It sounds like it, yeah.

[1036:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah. I love this. Like giving it reference landing pages, telling it to kind of copy the styles and then add the new sales copy, make it improve it. Such a great

[1039:19] David T: such a time saver. Yeah, time it's producing pretty nice looking stuff too, you know?

[1041:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'll send you this. I gotta log off here, but let's continue to you mentioned

[1043:14] David T: some ads you're gonna send me that you made last time. What's

[1044:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: up? You mentioned

[1044:25] David T: some ads you were gonna send me that you made last

[1044:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I will send you those tonight.

[1045:40] David T: Okay, yes, sounds good. Guys. All right, yeah, thanks Robin,

[1048:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: see ya. Thank

[1048:33] David T: you tonight. Bye,

[1049:11] Robin Ernst: bye, now, bye.

[1051:11] Speaker 2: Now.

