VIP Coaching Call
Date: 2026-02-24T21:51:23.000Z
Duration: 64 min
Otter ID: gfuUBXXuN0m6YOUTSHG0njznA0M
---

[26:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, there, David,

[27:36] David T: get my audio on here. How you doing today? Oh, I'm a little stressed.

[29:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why is that?

[30:38] David T: There's always, well, I have to get out of my house, so I've been packing and selling stuff. Oh yeah. And we do and we need to move, because my roommate, trishana, my friend, she needs to be in a more drier climate. And I don't know where the heck I'm going. Okay, think in Salt Lake City

[37:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're gonna be moving to Salt Lake City from where you at now,

[38:05] David T: Tennessee, Chattanooga. It's kind of a little humid down here. In the weather patterns she's discovered. Of, she thinks it's the cause of, she felt really good when she was in Utah, coming back from California and that, and then the western part of Wyoming and all that. So, yeah, she's been using chat a lot to diagnose herself and understand how things affect her, you know, and in putting a lot of stuff,

[45:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: has she used? Has she tried? Grok,

[46:04] David T: no, she's got so much in chat. GPT, so much history. It knows her so well at this point. Yeah, it's hard to switch

[48:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: which, which model is she using?

[49:22] David T: I'm not sure. Actually, I should ask her what she's doing.

[50:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: You should be able to use the latest model, 5.2 the thinking model,

[52:33] David T: 5.2 Yeah. I'll ask her when I'm when I'm when I'm done here I'm she does it on her phone.

[54:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, here's, here's something I've noticed is, for the last few months or so, you've been in a constant transition

[58:55] David T: period. Yeah,

[59:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: just transition after transition,

[60:17] David T: you know, with the loss of the job in September, and then not having a regular income until January, you know, and then running low on funds and all that, it's kind of been stressful. It i

[64:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: It feels like you're like, trying to delay the inevitable as long as possible, instead of jumping all in, yeah, yeah. And what's funny is, it's more stressful to do that rather than just say, Let's burn all the ships and go all in on what we need to do, you

[70:19] David T: know, you know. And the last time we met, I was so intent on getting myself done with my program, and I just, I haven't, and it's frustrating to myself, you know, to do that, and there's so many other things I have to do, like sell stuff and take pictures of it and put it in a marketplace and respond to people. And then my situation with my daughter, I went, went to her apartment because I hadn't heard from her, and she told me that she let her dog go, and she's always lying. I mean, she's lying to me all the time. And I went there and there was dog feces all over the whole apartment. I mean, she never takes a dog outside, and she isn't. She's basically not staying there, I can tell. And then Animal Control got notified about the dog. She didn't give it up. Somebody knocked on her, and they came and took it basically, Oh, wow.

[83:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, probably for good reason,

[84:47] David T: completely for good reason. I told her she need she didn't have the resources to take care of an animal, nor did she have the interest. Yeah, exactly, the dog was there by itself with no water and no food.

[87:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exactly, you

[88:00] David T: know, that's taken up some, some of my time, because I went, I went and cleaned the apartment. She I go there, and she's not there, but I know she's going to lose the apartment. I didn't want them to come in there and find all that poop in there. So I tried to at least take about 10 trash bags full of crap out of her apartment. You know, she's one of these people that I've never met. Anyone like this doesn't know what a what a trash can is. Everything is just piled on top of stuff. Finish with the food wrapper, throw it on a pile empty. It's just It was insane. And she was like that when she was at my house too. So, but I told her, I can't help her anymore. You know, I'm, I'm out of money. So, yeah, figure it out.

[100:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: We've, we've spent the last, oh, I think nine months helping my, my wife's parents pay for stuff. I think I've given them like $50,000

[102:54] David T: Wow. And

[103:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we finally told them, like, you guys got to figure it out. Either you got to move in here with us. Who can't? Yeah, giving you three, four grand a month, right? Yeah. And so I know, I know what like, that's like. And what's funny was, as soon as we did that, there's a shift in them of actually kind of getting their stuff together, sometimes just letting people realize that, like, there's they don't have an option that you're not there's a phrase that I I like you don't necessarily say it to other people, yeah, but it's more for yourself as I'm not the long term strategy for your, for your life, for how you live, for your for your well being, is what it is, right? I'm not the long term strategy for your well being, and that's, that's what you that's what you become. That's not, it's not helping you. It's not helping her?

[117:34] David T: No, it's not. I mean, I was originally, I got her into that apartment with some GoFundMe money, and she was supposed to start paying in December, and then she didn't have it, so I ended up paying it. And then she claims somebody stole some money from her on her Cash App or chime or something, and which I never saw, the evidence, she never showed me. And I paid it again in January, and I said, I don't have any more money left. I'm done. Yeah, wow. So, so she got a notice on her, on her door, apparently, I've got to went to her mailbox and was in there notice to pay, pay rent or vacate. Yep. So I was watching, I was saw your posting on somewhere. Must have been on Facebook. We have got some new, quick, six step process. And I thought that was really good. I like how that came across to me, because I'm so far along with this thing, I should be able to just wrap this up pretty, quickly, yeah, and get some get an ad running, yep.

[134:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what I what I found is I had a six step process that I did, it's actually behind me right here, that I used to do, where I saw people manual like, like, a year ago, you had, you'd have to go find your niche to use AI for that, write your sales copy. AI can help you do that, and then build the funnel, promote it, sell and analyze. And now you can have AI agents pretty much do all six steps, which is why it's like, the like, the the only reason why we're like, I'm convinced to this. And that says, not necessarily. This is not directed just at you. This is directed at everybody, everybody. But it will be relevant to your situation. It's just the only reason why people, you, me, other people, we don't launch something has nothing to do with this process being difficult anymore. Yeah, has nothing to do with this process being, like, even time consuming or even having to cost us anything even a couple, like, even a couple months ago, you know, you would have had to have hired somebody to build out a website, and now, like, Look at this. Like I had, I had AI agents rebuild my entire site in one day. Look at this. Yeah, my whole site. Every blog post I'm ready to flip this over and have it replace my Squarespace.

[158:35] David T: Oh, wow. And what

[158:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is, is it's actually built for agents to update themselves. So they designed the site because they they couldn't use my Squarespace very well. But my agents can update this. They can build me landing pages, blog posts, podcast episodes in seconds using this site. Now, is

[163:28] David T: this lovable that you're using it here? No, this

[164:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: was actually just built using my open claw agents.

[164:52] David T: Oh, your open claw agents. Okay. So,

[165:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So I had them do do this for me, and then we did another one. We're ready to flip for my mom. Same kind of thing for her site right here, which is awesome. Is this just all running

[169:03] David T: on one little Mac Mini? Is that your spam? Yeah, I

[169:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a Mac Mini. But you know what? You know what I've found? Look at the look at these. I'm ordering one of these right here. Look, 85 bucks. You can get an elite desk, 100 g3 fit Mini. Have an i Five with 16 gigs of RAM and a 256 gig. SSD, that's, that's

[174:39] David T: actually a pretty old one, but

[175:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's all you need, yeah, to run these.

[176:00] David T: I've got, I've got a machine under my desk here, a Windows 11 machine that's probably three years old, that is probably five times as powerful as that one. I could use it.

[178:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, you don't, you don't need a lot of processing power. You just need about 16 gigs of RAM. But any older machine with about 16 gigs of RAM is perfect. Is the RAM. The reason why you need the ram, the agents are running different calls and stuff, but they also open up multiple Chrome browsers. And, you know, the Chrome is a ram suck. So really, to get in the better, to get in the use out of it, an old machine, or 16 gigs of RAM, almost better than a Mac Mini for 75 bucks. So I want to, I want to buy like three or four of these and spin up like 10 agents per machine on them. I did a process today. So yeah,

[191:49] David T: I've got 16 gigs installed on this. It's a Core i 510, 500 t, so it's probably five years old.

[193:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, great, yeah, yeah. So these, these are almost the same kind of concept. I would just install Linux on these. Have Linux run on them. Is there

[197:12] David T: just like an image you download that has all the claw bot stuff installed already, or do you install that

[198:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: later? It's right here. It's just over@openclaw.ai

[199:40] David T: Okay, so just download it from there,

[200:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and they have like, a one liner in your Yeah. You know, if you're on Windows, if you're on Mac or Linux, they tell you this what to type in, okay, from what I understand, if you install it on Windows, it's gonna run it through like a Linux,

[204:14] David T: oh, a layer, virtualization layer, yeah.

[204:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's actually,

[205:12] David T: I think on Windows, you it does install a Linux. Windows started doing this, I think with Windows 10, where it installs like a Linux subsystem on there that it can call and run Linux.

[208:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so that's how this, that's how this works as well. Okay, so, but so, yeah, that's how you can. You just install it through this right here. And they've, they've upgraded a lot of the security. What I did was I like, I have it in a virtual machine, and then I have it for, like, you can only it's on a VPN using tail scale. Oh, tail scale is like a private VPN, so it's right here, so I can, like, access it from my phone or other machines on the tail net.

[219:04] David T: Okay, so you just put a VPN between your so your device and this your openclaw server. So if

[221:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to, if I want to access, like, SSH in from it or out from it, yeah. So because I can SSH into all my other machines that are on the VPN, yeah. And then from there, the only other thing is, is then you got to set up your you got to actually set up your LLM key. So for most people, one agent, they could use the $100 a month version of Claude. If you're doing two agents or more, you'll probably need the $200 a month version, yeah, but you could go to Open router. It's not as good, because, like, the clawed version is really, really good. The Oh, actually, I would say the better deal would be if you use OpenAI chat, GPT Pro,

[237:02] Speaker 1: oh, because

[237:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a little bit cheaper. There they and they give you double the usage right now. So that's the other thing I want to, actually want to play around with, because it has a larger context window too. But so there's that with OpenAI, they have their key but openrouter.ai you could also use like GLM five Yeah, is one. So the input token cost is 95 cents. Output is $2.55 for a million tokens, by comparison, the cost of Claude, uh, Opus is $5 every million input tokens and $25 every output.

[247:58] David T: So it's a substantially higher so it's

[248:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: almost, it's almost five. It's, yeah, it's five times more expensive. Yeah, to use Claude MiniMax, 2.5 This one's really even cheaper. It's 30 cents every million and $1 every million out so those are like really good as far as

[254:08] David T: so does open router give you

[255:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: open router one API key that can route to 600 128 different models.

[257:09] David T: Okay, so it's kind of like a gateway into all the other Uh huh, back ends.

[258:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can use these. You can use a Kimi K 2.5 as well. 45 million. Those are the kind of the top three that everybody's using for, for that for a lot cheaper. I see there's some free models, but those aren't really like that great, and they're more likely to be prompt injected and things like that.

[265:01] David T: Yeah, you know when I have problems so

[266:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, that's how you can get access. To, like, those different models for it. And then all you do is you just go and you do the you do the setup. And so the setup looks something like this. I'll just show you here. This is my virtual machine right here. So this is my Mac Mini in a ver in just a shared window. So if I go, okay, OpenClaw. OpenClaw config. You first set it up. It just opens up this interface where you it'll set it up for you. It'll set up the gateway and everything. And you give it like, which model you want to use. So you can, like, you can select Open router right here, and then select like, which model from open router you want to use. Oh, okay, in there. And so it'll, it works great that way. One thing I was in the middle of doing was, let's see with Clawd code dangerously skip permissions, which means that it's not going to ask me any questions about permission.

[287:52] David T: Oh, already, yeah. D, are you sure you want to do all yes, no, yeah. So then I can say,

[289:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, change the API key for all my OpenClaw agents, chill, Jack, Antonina, Penny, to the following Anthropic o auth key in all key locations. So thank

[295:20] David T: you misspelled o auth, but that's okay. I'll change it. I

[300:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, see, I'm not going to share it while I Oh, you know what, I didn't copy the key. Oh, I gotta go get the key. But that's how you that's how you do that. And so, like you can, you can just set it up on any, any machine that way, and then you

[306:54] David T: start all these agents running on this when you're one machine that are talking to each other and coordinating work, work. And I

[308:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: have some, I have some on a VPS. I have like two VPS. Is that I because I was just testing them out.

[309:43] David T: Yeah, see how they are.

[310:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I heard a VPS that's a mental health agent, and she knows like, everything about me. I had her make, like a clinical she's got, like, she made a 61 page report today about me clinically. It's like, the craziest thing. And then what I did was I, today, I just told her. I said, Can you figure out if you had access to seven other agents on, like a board of therapists with you that could help you what roles they would have, how they would help and how they would individually work together, and then train them on all the information that you know about me, create these agents and get them in a in a room together to talk about ways to help me in my mental health. And so then, literally, I now have seven agents that literally compiled together. And what was so interesting about that was I have this one agent that's been really helpful for me, having these seven different perspectives elevated the output exponentially, because I was able to look at my mental health history from seven different angles.

[329:05] David T: And you've obviously been feeding this information into the AI for quite a while, for

[330:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: about three weeks, yeah, yeah. And so that's why, what I want to do now is I want to set that up for, like, for my business. I want to, like, have like, seven different agents that review my sales copy and my offers and all that, so they can, like, work together in tandem.

[334:43] David T: So what, what triggers them to continue working when, you know, like, you feed this information in there, do they ever come to a point where they stop and then you want to

[336:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: give them, kind of like an end goal? So, like, I'll talk them through that process. So, like, what I did was I my prompt was actually pretty extensive on like, one of them, I said, Okay, I'd love for the team of clinicians to review all the data, all the content we have since we have them. I'd like them to maybe do a series of lab reviews of all the data that we have, go through multiple stages of research about me, and then figure out things to research that they can collaborate on, tools that we can build. Have each role of the board members improve themselves based on the information that they come up with, bring the consensus together, once you do that, have them debate the outputs, and then bring me a report with any kind of questions they might have for me to come together, take the report with the shared collective, have them review it, come back together with a consensus, and then bring me a final output no more than six pages long in a PDF. Set a cron job for yourself to review every five minutes, making sure that there that no agents are stalling or anything gets stuck, and continue to push it through if anything does get stuck, that last part about the cron job has been really helpful, because sometimes they'll get stuck, or they'll ask a question, and if I tell it to make that cron job, it'll literally just keep working for like two hours till it gets to its output. Yeah. And so it did that, and it just like, it like a full lab report, like 61 pages of information about me. It's like the craziest thing.

[368:04] David T: You know, it'd be interesting is to set one of these up and let trishana have one of these things going on. I mean, because she has been feeding stuff into chat GPT, and it remembers everything about her,

[371:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing you could do is you could set one up and then

[372:35] David T: her mental conditions, her relationship history, her, yeah, just everything. I mean, it's unbelievable how much information chat now is about her and and goes back and references when she asks new questions.

[375:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's probably not as good as this system is, though, yeah, um. The the way that you could do that is you could do that is you could actually give one of these agents and a browser that then could go to her chat GPT and actually go into it and pull the data out of chat.

[381:23] David T: Okay. You can also

[381:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: export all your chat GPT data, yeah.

[382:45] David T: So those are two venues. Have a big text dump, and we just feed it into

[383:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, then you could just give that to these agents, have it, review it, and kind of compile, sort it, and then figure out what are like the different agent roles that we should create based on this data.

[386:44] David T: Ah, okay,

[387:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: so on like a 16 gig machine, you could probably get like 10 to 10 to 14 agents on it, okay, depending on how often they're running on an eight gig machine, you could probably get probably get, like, five or six on

[390:42] David T: one. I see,

[391:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, you need at least eight gigs. 16 is preferred. You can set it up in a virtual machine. But I'm like, Okay, why am I spinning up these virtual machines? If I can just buy a server for 70 bucks.

[396:03] David T: I was somebody mentioned this. I don't remember where, but I hosting her now has one click, open. Call installers. They do

[398:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: the hostinger, one though is going to cost you 20 bucks a month, or $150 for two years access.

[401:36] David T: Yeah, you're getting it. You're

[402:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting a headless OpenClaw. You're not getting it with an actual interface. So it's headless Linux, so there's no actual there's a there's a headless web browser,

[405:05] David T: okay, so you don't have, like, a GUI that you can run.

[405:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you Yes, you need at least eight gigs for a GUI, yeah?

[406:51] David T: Well, there's this $20 a month plan has a 32 gigs of RAM,

[408:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, it has 3032 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hostinger is definitely one that they are offering that

[410:36] David T: they're always on the cutting edge of this AI stuff. They were even had, you know, AI stories you could build,

[411:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, let me see. Oh, they changed, they changed their offer on this a little bit. That's what happened. Okay, so there's 699 their 699 plan was offering, it was for four gigs of RAM. They probably had too many complaints from people on that one, so they it's now an eight gig. Okay, great, yeah. So yeah, so the hostinger one, but if you do one month, it's Yeah, so it's $9 then it's 1799 a month after that, which is not

[418:22] David T: Yeah, you gotta prepay for two years to get this price.

[420:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You get an eight gig machine, but it's like it cost you almost as much to just buy a machine on eBay. Yeah, that's your own machine. I mean, these are these would run great. This would do great for it.

[424:09] David T: But, well, if you have, I mean, I have this machine sitting in here already, you know, so I could probably use it, yeah, install the software client on it.

[426:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see it looks like they are. I don't know the way that hostinger is setting it up. If they're I don't think they're setting it up with any kind of extra security or anything, either. I Hmm, so, but, yep. So those are really, those are really great. But then just using something like lovable to be able to launch funnels and stuff is really awesome. Manus just launched, and meta, they just launched a MP MCP. Those are

[440:17] David T: no, I forgot. I think I may have heard the term before, but an

[441:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: MCP is, it's a connector to different platforms. Oh. So yeah, cut an MCP, so they now have the meta ads manager MCP, oh, so it can now manage launch all your ads right here with an agent Instead of Manus. But you could also set up the

[453:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not The official one.

[459:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So see automate your Facebook ads.

[464:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Another they're, I don't know if they're giving it to people, or if it's, maybe they're

[465:50] David T: just talking about it. Now you have to have insider access, maybe to start maybe, I don't

[467:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, see, in the last week, no, yeah, they don't have it that you can just use. Well, they should, once they release it, you probably get that and run it straight in OpenClaw and

[472:32] Speaker 0: have that use it as well. Yeah, it should be great.

[473:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we live in just an interesting time where you can build anything, and you can build it from your phone, because I manage most of my agents. I just do it mostly from slack or telegram on my phone.

[478:27] David T: Yeah, and they're just communicating with you through that channel, yeah.

[480:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, and it's just, it's working well, so, yeah, I just, I think that, like,

[484:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: as you go through this kind of next round of transition for yourself, this is kind of the, like, tough love coaching side of things is work to develop, like a skill of, like, how can I get a little bit done each day, even while I have everything else around me, like Just burning to the ground? Yeah, right. It's something it's something that I've had to develop over the years, because otherwise I can't stay consistent with anything to where it's like, okay, I have everything that feels like it's burning to the ground right now, but I need to stay consistent each day moving the needle forward with my projects, or they're just going to stall. They're just going to continue to

[497:21] David T: Yeah, that's exactly what happens. Get slowed down.

[498:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so it's like you don't want another four months of the same last four months?

[500:24] David T: No, absolutely not. No, for sure, you

[500:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't want another year of the same last year. No, oftentimes, as people we don't like, we don't make a change until it's like we're at our last ditch effort. But it's better to not have to wait until that time comes. And so what's, um, what's the biggest thing like for you that you would say that's kind of,

[509:56] David T: I think, right now, still

[510:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: holding that back.

[510:32] David T: Yeah, right now, what I'm feeling like is, I, I know what I'm what I want to deliver to the buyer, and I just haven't written the emails yet. You know, that's the one. I think that's the biggest thing right now to me, is if I can get those done, then I have a functioning system that I can start practicing sending traffic to.

[515:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, what's your offer right now?

[517:03] David T: Well, my offer is going to be the play payouts playbook, which I've done myself. We've talked about that, and I'm actually doing another one right now. Sign up for an offer here about a month ago, so in the middle of qualifying for it. And so I've got personal experience, and I know how to what to do, you know, I just need to verbalize it in something written, so I can help coach people through the first couple of days so they know what to do. You know, in case, in case, the book left them with any questions, just a little, little tips to guide them along the way, in the first week or two, you know, yeah, let's see, it's very simple. It's what's very simple, it's, it's almost too simple, you know? And so I want to take what's in my little, tiny course. I mean, if you want to call it that, it's little training, and kind of highlight the things that are important to do, first and then second, and then third, and maybe some tips as you're waiting to be qualified, things like that, you know, just things that might be helpful. And just let people know that I'm still thinking about them and, you know, I'm here to support them, if they have it, if they have something that comes up, you know,

[542:18] David T: I mean to me, I guess the first, the first email you deliver, when you when they purchase the product, is probably the most important one. The rest of them are more like, um, extra freebies, you know, as far as Tim here's so easy. Thing is so easy, you know.

[546:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So turn this into a PDF I can have. I'm having my agent write you up seven days of emails as a template and a PDF, and I'm gonna send it to you. Okay? So now these are all based on the emails that I send out for my offers, right? So then all you got to do is just kind of edit and tweak them just a little bit, right how you want to, and it's gonna and it's gonna drive people straight to that for you. And so the other, the

[554:38] David T: other motivating factor for me too is my roommate. My roommate, trishana, has really, she's really kind of disappointed that the last couple of years, when she first got here, I told her, we're going to work on something together. And of course, then we found out she was so meant, so incapacitated, physically and just tired and couldn't her brain didn't work and stuff, you know, she was so she figured I would do it, you know. And because we want to do some things together, we want to travel, we want to do some fun stuff, you know, yeah. And she keeps telling me that this is, this just shows that this stuff isn't real. All the stories you hear about people having the success is just like, MLM hype. And there's it just, you know, it's, it's nobody, people can't do it, you know, and these stories are fake.

[565:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's not true.

[566:30] David T: And I know it's not true, but she's not exposed to the real information, and she's very she's very convinced of things.

[568:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I will I will say, I will say, most people don't succeed because they don't do the work right? Most people get stuck. And that's what

[570:15] David T: it comes down to, and that's what I know about my circles. That's what I know about myself. I just didn't, you know I do. I did something else instead of the work, right? I was saying I didn't do anything, but I didn't do the

[573:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: things that you gotta but, but the biggest thing I can do is is just kind of take stock where you're at right and get going again, or pivot, readjust.

[576:46] David T: The thing is, I'm so close now there's no point in, there's no point in going to something this. I just need to rush this, because it can start, and there's definitely potential there. Yeah, I can pivot after I have this running, and I can run traffic and make tweaks to the to the marketing. That's once it's running. It'll just be tweaked to the marketing it's at the at that point it won't be the product itself won't need to look changing. It's just maybe changing the angle, changing the hook, you know,

[585:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: here is your seven day buyer nurture sequence, okay, so what's your next excuse? Yeah, we'll just bust them.

[589:33] David T: Yeah. I think once this is done, my next excuse will be getting my ads launched, honestly. Yeah, we already have the ad manager set up. Now it'll be the actual creatives and the verbiage, you know, the text in the ads

[594:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, for the verbiage, that's even easier. What I would actually do is I would actually take these emails that we just wrote, reverse engineer them into write me four versions of PA 's copy for Facebook ads from this as a template, I'm just gonna paste the emails and your sales letter into chatgpt thinking, or do heavy thinking on this, and So then I'll send you the verbiage for your ads that you can run, yeah. And then from there, we have some of the creative you just gotta maybe record, record a few videos. I would just add captions with Instagram to the videos, yeah. So you record a video, there's a little captions sticker on Instagram, and it adds those. Let's see,

[610:11] David T: we'll just use the on the videos on Instagram. We use the captions that we're being that we're creating here with this process you're going

[611:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: through right these now, as face I'm so what it's going to do is it's not going to write these as Facebook ads. Ever bought a make money? Course, ended up with nothing but hype. Most of these are designed that resign to pay you, payouts, playbooks, different, civil, predictable system. When you review this against Facebook 's to 's for offers and adjust these as well. So I'll send you one that's like, these are kind of like unadjusted, and then we'll send you some that are adjusted as well.

[622:02] David T: That'll show us the difference of what it thought would help him pass muster, right? Yeah, at least, yeah.

[625:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so there's one set of ads right there, and then let's see the kind of it'll it'll rewrite them a little bit, and I would just test all those out with some of the graphics that you have, and then have that link to your page. So you got the emails. Got the delivery sequence. We got ads.

[634:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: We send you these emails as well. Okay, just see have them.

[635:34] David T: I can start loading them into my autoresponder tonight. That'd be good.

[637:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you'll, you'll want to just review them a little bit

[637:42] David T: and tweak. Yeah, I'll definitely read through them and review and make sure that they make

[639:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: sense. See, I Yeah, so it's going through Meta's ad policies. I

[651:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't know what it's so let's keep getting 429 errors. That's funny. So this is like an agent that everything's kind of turning into AI agents more and more, all these different tools are, that's what we're starting to see. This every, every AI tool is just going to turn into agents at this point. And the difference is, with an agent is, is normal AI takes a query and gives you an output, input, output. An agent keeps spinning and spinning and spinning and solving and figuring it out, reviewing the data and going back and forth and back and forth and back and forth, 510, 20 times till it figures out. Yeah. So they had a version of that was like, it was like, it would have like, it would have like thinking, but now it's like, it's not just thinking, it's like processing to iterate. Okay, let's see, yeah, ever buy a make money? Course, turn into hype. There's a digital guy that shows you legitimate Ward payout opportunities. So, yeah, so these might be a little bit, they're a little softer on the language, yeah, but they, if you're having trouble, I would still try to run the other ones driving trouble, getting the other ones approved.

[676:00] Speaker 0: Those can be, those can be that for you. Let me see here.

[680:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oops, there's my DM 's to you. Let me find it, because I'm not in my personal account.

[686:46] Speaker 1: There you are. Yeah,

[688:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: payouts, playbook buyer sequence. Okay, so you got the action plans I sent you on February 3, right there, yep. And then you got the so those would be like, that's a whole those are a whole business model, right mapped out. And then you have the payouts playbook buyer sequence right here, of emails. So there you go. Once I have

[694:52] David T: this thing up and running, what I want to pivot to is learning this agent stuff really well and maybe making an offer around that.

[696:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, there's just so much I

[697:26] David T: think I'm like, really early in the stage, and this is, like, going to be a gold mine this year.

[698:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: We are really early, and it's gonna be really early for at least the next six months. Yeah, because everybody's like, I don't know about this, and it's like, now

[701:35] David T: 's the time to learn it. You know, big, big come

[702:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: from like, I'm like, I'm using it, and I'm barely using it, and it's blowing my mind. Yeah, I'm about to fire another VA, because I have my agents literally take every workflow that she was doing and duplicate it. Oh, wow. So that's a $400 a month, VA that I don't need anymore. So, like, what? So, like, one of the things I have my agents that they have to do is, and this is everybody's been they're starting to say this, the internet is not built for AI agents. It's built for people. Yeah, and websites are going to have to start shifting to allow certain gateways for agents to come in and out in allowable use cases like meta and X. Don't want you to use agents to just spam the platforms with comments and posts, right? Which, like, that was the first thing I created. I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, like, have the best, like, meta Facebook spamming bot ever. And then they started to crack down on that, right? Yeah. So I'm like, Okay, we're going to cut that one off. Because that was, like, the first thing like, everybody started doing with their OpenClaw agent. And so it was

[723:10] David T: just like, yeah, hey, I can comment everywhere.

[723:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, what it can do, though, is it could intelligently find you post that you could write comments on and and suggests, like, what types of comments you could make. That's one way you could do it. But oh, the So, this is what I that's what I found, like, Thinkific Squarespace. So my Squarespace site, I had the agent try for like two hours to make a blog post. Yeah, it just wasn't working. So I decided to just have the agent just rebuild my whole website for what the agents need. So now I can have three, four blog posts day that are perfectly SEO optimized. Okay, just get posted like that. Like, I'm going to start like, like, have just a blog machine running. It just takes everything I've ever talked about and just make a blog post about it, you know, and start have category just like, become just an aggregate of all those different different articles. So instead of like a blog post every week, it's going to be like three to five a day, maybe even 20 a day,

[745:03] David T: grind them out so efficiently. And then I guess you just have to spend your time just reading it to make sure that they all make sense. You know, when you before you post them.

[747:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But, well, the thing is, is, like the agents are, they're actually writing them really good,

[748:50] David T: yeah? Better

[749:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: than just how, like when I was prompting them, yeah?

[750:23] David T: So, so to actually, you may not have to review the I don't

[751:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: have to review it as much. I can just kind of skim it so, like, that's one side of things. The other side was, like, it was having trouble taking my recordings from calls like this and putting them into the members area. Oh, so what I did was it actually the agent created two pieces of software all on its own.

[756:51] David T: Oh, it did okay. That

[757:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: were called, like, connector software. Yeah. So the connector software was able to process the video from zoom and get it into the format that it needed to be able to put it into the members area. Oh, okay, because it didn't necessarily have access to be able to do it right out of the box, but it was able to build me like two pieces of micro software that could be connector pieces to get from point A to point B,

[764:51] David T: yeah, it's like a, like a file format converter type thing where,

[766:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah so, but like an

[766:48] David T: invoice or Yeah.

[767:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, a lot of times I find is, like my agents are having to create these sort of micro software tools, yeah, that are able to do that. So like it like one tool it created because it was having trouble logging into otter AI to download the transcripts. Well, it created its own transcript software, and the transcript software it created has its own API that it can log in through the command line and just pull all the transcripts from Oh, wow. So does he have to use the web browser? So the agent created its own system, yeah, that sped up and streamlined the process that I needed. Wow, by building out the different pieces of software to get from point A to point B of the task that I needed. And so that's been one of the biggest things that I've known that is cool is anything that I need it to do, it'll figure out by creating these little micro connector pieces of software that then help me with a task, because the agent itself might have trouble just pulling in the raw data and then outputting it. But if it makes a little micro software or a script that can run, then all it has to do is it's just input output on like it's a piece of middleware, basically between the agent I see and the output, and it's making it all on its own. I like one thing that is that just never we're going to play around with is a lot of the videos from zoom they're larger than two gigabytes. Sometimes a Zoom video 's eight gigabytes. Well, my members area only accepts two gigabyte videos.

[794:16] David T: Oh, okay, so,

[794:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: but the Mac Mini is a bit too slow through the virtual machine to process those. It takes about 45 minutes to process it down to two gigabytes. So I'm going to have it create a workflow where it can just SSH into my Intel. I nine, Nvidia, RTX 3090 laptop that I have, yeah, and then it can just process the video in three minutes through that, and then pull it back over to Thinkific by using the processor on my other laptop, interesting. So it's able to kind of pull power from another machine to be able to do that. So that's how, like, the agents, like, out of the box, like, these agents are really dumb. They don't do much. And that's where a lot of people get, like, frustrated because, like, it doesn't do anything for me. And it's like, you gotta, you gotta, like, train it. And half the time training it is just like, Okay, this is point A to point B. I want you to go research for the next hour everything you can about how to make this happen,

[812:07] David T: give it some parameters, I guess.

[812:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then, like, it'll go out there, and it'll research how to make this happen. And it'll say, Okay, here's five ways I could do this. I'm like, I don't like any of those. Find a better way that does this instead. Okay, great. We're gonna do it this way. And so then it'll research that, and then it'll come back, and it'll start to, it'll start to, like, build its own sort of robotic machine on top of itself, do whatever I need it to do. So that's why now I have agents that write emails for me in like seconds. I could just, like, I sent you those emails, and it's trained on like 300 of my own emails,

[822:20] David T: yeah? So it has knows, knows what to

[823:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: and all of my training content on how to write emails too. Yeah, I have one for sand, for Sandi, as well as train on all her emails. My wife's mom broke her hip and ended up going to the hospital. So I literally spun up an agent while she was going to the hospital that would be an advocate for us, between the hospital and us, that could research everything there was about her situation, what to say the doctors, they gave us scripts to say things to ask for I see that we went in there and formed on a high level beyond is what ChatGPT would give us, because it like, what it did was it just like it trained itself on hundreds of resources. Yeah, about the topic. We created one for my mom that's printed all her stocks market training. I have a research agent. I have four coding agents. I have seven mental health agents. Now for me, because I found if I can optimize my mental health, I'm gonna put a lot of village there.

[840:26] David T: You have your own AI village, yeah.

[841:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I have a VA. I have I have one agent where he just reminds me of stuff. So he has an API to the app Todoist. I don't actually go on to the app Todoist. He just uses it as a database. Yeah, he just goes

[846:16] David T: in there and knows what's coming up and makes sure he so.

[847:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I send him stuff I need to do. He looks at everything. He goes into Todoist, right here. Then there's a command line API that he accesses, and then three times a day, he sends me, hey, here's some tasks on here. Here are the top priorities. Did you get these done? And he's just now reminding me of stuff, and now I'm suddenly starting to get more stuff done and not forgetting things cool by having my own executive assistant that's helping me with this stuff, which is awesome. Wow. He's also trained, so, like, this is what he did. He's trying to come up, come up with twice a month date night ideas. So he now came up with three different date night ideas right here. Wow. So he reminded me like Circuit of the Americas is coming up. If we want to go have some food or go to the race track, we could do that. Cool. Be fun. There's just, this is really, really cool, like going beyond just, okay, this is ChatGPT. This is Clawd. Yeah, there's a, there's a,

[869:31] David T: how does he show up for you when you has recommendations? Does he? How do you know he's got something to tell you? Share, share with you. How does he notify?

[871:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pings it through slack, okay, and it goes to the top of slack with a message,

[872:56] David T: Okay, gotcha Okay, yeah.

[873:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So he's in Slack. He was reminding me of, like, what I needed to get done today. We've checked off a bunch of stuff off my to do list today. Like, I've been like, 25 days late, sending 1099 's to two contractors that I had.

[878:34] David T: Okay, yeah, I guess it's important to get those done.

[879:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you pay, I think it's like, I think I pay like a $50 penalty this month, and then it like goes up to like $300 if I win

[881:42] David T: another No. So you don't need that penalty No.

[882:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the penalty just keeps getting worse and worse for every month that you don't send a 1099, to people. Yeah, that need them. And if you try to write off, you know, more than $600 of a contractor, you have to give evidence to the IRS that you at least tried to get their info to send them a 1099, yeah, so like, that's what my accountant did. Like anybody that I paid like he just tried to get their info from them. Half of them, we couldn't get it from them, but at least, yeah, like the IRS shows, we made an effort to get it. And so it's just, it's just all like things like that. I'm probably going to build me an accounting agent here soon.

[894:34] David T: That'd be interesting, wouldn't it? That'd be cool.

[895:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah, there's, there's a bunch of skills out there for QuickBooks and stuff, and, oh yeah, doing accounting, because a lot of that can be agentically done. So yeah, so you're, so we're really early with this stuff when it comes to the agents, a knowing how to use them. So number two is you in your,

[904:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: in your

[905:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, what you do for work? Yeah, I think a lot of like, everybody's like, kind of work roles are going to shift to where, like, you need to have your own village of agents that is going to come alongside you for jobs.

[909:36] David T: Even I know in my line of work, there's definitely AI's moving, encroaching into at least a lower and I mean, like, for example, if we have a breach, I mean, this is an interesting example. So we've got companies that specialize in detection and response when there's a breach. Like, if you have an agent installed on the computer, a security agent, and it knows if somebody's gotten hacked, you know, maybe 's being potentially being exploited for ransomware or something like that. And the agent will, you know, take actions on its own, to isolate the computer from a network and start doing a remediation. But usually there's like a team that would log in or that would take over from this, from the vendor that know that that you subscribe to this agent software. I mean, AI's getting to the point where it could do a lot of the stuff that this team would normally do. You know,

[924:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, what will and so the idea is, okay, the AI is getting the point where it can do a lot of that. So it can set you and I and everybody apart is if we know how to manipulate and run these teams of agents.

[928:49] David T: And we have a runbook, you know, if somebody's office 365 account starts sending out spam, you know, we have a certain runbook. We got to change their password. We got to do this. We got to notify somebody. We got to, you know, there's different things that that agents probably could do quicker, much quicker than a human could, you know, and and mitigate the damage more quickly.

[934:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, for instance, like it could draft up like a response, or something like that, yeah, exactly, yeah, to send to people. And so then all you got to do is just review it,

[937:12] David T: yeah, exactly, yeah. So

[937:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's the other thing is, like learning how to use these different tools. There is a one I've been I kind of want to play around with it a little bit. It's not the movie Iron claw. It's so they took open claw and they rewrote it in Rust,

[942:30] David T: yeah. And

[942:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: they made it like, the most secure that it could be like, that's called yours, is just

[944:39] David T: basically OpenClaw written in a different

[945:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: but with, like, the most insane level of like security right to where it takes some of the functionality out of it and makes it a little bit more complicated to use, but at the same time, it's where it makes it to where you could use it, where you could use it in a more enterprise setting. So, yeah, so use a web assembly sandbox instead of a Docker sandbox, okay? So lightweight, capability based, security, production, ready, persistence, multiple defense layers, credential, production. So it's a rust reimplementation inspired by OpenClaw. Claw. Looks like I've been okay, taking a look at how does this work and all that. Oh, I just, I got this up right before here. So stop doing everything yourself. Hire your AI team. And so then this is, like, where people can pay, like, $19 a month, and this will actually have all the agents built into it. $19 a month, 97 probably be 99 and then 249, a month, yeah. And then what I did was I had the agents research like, Okay, how do we set up a proxy for all the API keys? How do we keep everybody's content secure inside of this? And then I want to test this out with a couple beta clients where they could, you know, you get three AI agents for 90 $99 a month, right here. And then people, they can just check out right here inside a stripe. Yeah, so that's something that I'm I'm going to launch here probably this next week or so. Yeah, that's cool to be pretty cool. So yep, we are early on that. And so if you start learning now and using it, you know, play around with IronClaw, play around with OpenClaw, see which one kind of works best for you. I'll have

[986:30] David T: definitely have to look into that. Very interesting. So I guess there was an IronClaw movie, because that's coming up with everything. Yeah, look, all right, well, I'm

[989:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: going here. Bye. I hope this has given you some stuff to kind of build upon here.

[991:38] David T: Yeah, let me spend some time on this.

[992:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I definitely think this age of stuff has a good alignment with what you're with, what you do already for work, yeah. And could be, like an added service that you could offer to companies and stuff and, yeah,

[995:42] David T: and that's kind of one thing that I would like to get into, is offering a business to business

[997:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, and that's the biggest thing. You find

[997:54] David T: money and they're willing to spend it. You know,

[998:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you find companies that are so behind the agent thing like, what are? Just ask ChatGPT A simple prompt, what are industries that are barely using AI and AI agents that I could go in and sell a service to basically a service, slash software service, just setting up an agent system for certain industries and for, like, automatically, I know, roofing, Plumbing, those two, there's just not doing anything, yeah, this, they have a lot of there's low AI adoption, yeah, those certain industries. And so we pull up what those low AI adoption industries are. Now, all you got to do is you spin up an offer to those industries. You start going out there and finding people that need to, you know, offload some of their employees, save some of their Yeah. Task was that and then, and there's a big window of opportunity for that right now as well.

[1017:32] David T: Yeah, you're right about that.

[1018:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, well, hey, I gotta, I gotta log off here, though, go okay with my family, but thanks a lot. Good seeing you, man.

[1020:49] David T: Keep your chin up. I'll, I'll be in touch all right. Back here, bye, bye. Bye.

