ttBMQnPWRTar6mXXMU6Q_Day_5_Session_1
Date: 2022-08-05T21:32:18.000Z
Duration: 87 min
Otter ID: baZPIKU_5kzKervjwEtANxORilo
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: Hey, what's up my people? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? How's everybody doing today? I hope you guys have enjoyed this week together. If you've enjoyed the week, if you learned at least one thing, drop some fire emojis in the comments. Y'all know, I'm gonna be calling for the fire emojis to be dropped in the comments. I have genuinely and truthfully enjoyed spending this week with you guys. It's been wonderful. I hope that you guys have been helped. I mean, my biggest heart and all of this is Adam. And I simply have wanted to bring you guys some value. That's it. You know, for us. It literally took us too long, painful, expensive, embarrassing time, decades, to go around the mountain and around the mountain and around the mountain to try to learn what we've tried to bring you guys and gals in the past five days. And that's the beauty of mentorship. That's the wonderful thing about getting connected to mentors, coaches who have gone before you who have done the stuff. You don't have to go around the mountain. They already did it for you, right. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna jump in right away. And oh, quick reminder, we're doing a big blowout bonus session tomorrow. How many of you guys and gals are coming tomorrow? Let me see your hands in the screen. Just put your hand up in the screen so I can see y'all. How many of you guys and gals are going to come tomorrow? I hope you guys do. Because tomorrow I'm going to be sharing with you guys, one of the most important one of the most important valuable pieces of information I have ever learned in my whole entire life. And we've applied it to our music and artistry and songwriting journey, and it has helped us explode in an exponential way. So whatever you do, don't be sleeping on tomorrow's Bonus Session. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna bring some of y'all on I want to hear some more of you guys's wins. Some of your takeaways I just want to talk to you on here yells voice okay. So if you'd like to come on and share your when maybe you have one big thing that you've taken away from this week. Go ahead and raise your hand right now. I'd love to speak with some of y'all on here, share with the class. All the different things that you've learned this week. Go ahead and raise your hand and request to come on live and I would love to hear from y'all. Let's go room. We got Tom. Let's go Tom. Let's go Tom.

[41:28] Speaker 1: Wow, you know, I really appreciated listen to your stuff before and I got stuck with the PR Oh stuff. But let it be yesterday. You just explained it so much. So then afterwards, I signed up with PRL. Now I'm gonna need help to do what after that, but it was just clarified that, that I you know, I would just do the song, right. I wasn't gonna do the publishing thing. So I just appreciate that there was a big thing for me.

[47:33] Speaker 0: Come on. That's a humongous takeaway. Tom. Clap your boy up, y'all. Come on. Give it up for Tom. That's the biggest thing today in the general session. I'm going to be talking about Okay, now that you have all this information, how are you going to actually do something with it? We're going to be talking today about taking imperfect action. And I love that Tom, you said you know, I just learned it. Of course you're not a master yet because you just learn it. But man, I'm telling you all the difference between people who are doing the stuff and experiencing success and those who are not, are the ones who take imperfect action. All right, Ron was bring on another student for this week. Come on y'all Ray Ma, come on. Rhema. Let's go.

[59:37] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm just so excited to be with the people of like minded and knowing. Now you're there for us. And Adam, I'm so excited. We know where to reach when we have issues. So I'm really grateful. I've learned so much so much. Thank you.

[64:06] Speaker 0: Come on clap her up, y'all. She learned a whole bunch. She learned a whole bunch. Let's go run was bring some more Come on. Y'all throw your hands up. I want to talk to you and I want to talk to you. I want to see if there's a way we can make this even better for the next round of peeps. What's up, Jen?

[68:25] Speaker 3: Hey, okay. I have lots of takeaways gotta say let's hear on girl.

[70:10] Speaker 3: Number one. My big problem has been focused, I would bounce from song to song to song and get them like 90% Done. Instead of just saying I'm going to finish this one and perfect it and get it completely ready for performing. I would jump to the next song or the next notebook and just be scattered. Yep, yep. And then number two, yeah, the action just taking action. So my dream has been to have my own worship band behind me. So it wasn't just me. Or just me and my son who's a killer guitarist. And so I started just asking a couple guys and they're super excited. because they feel like those dreams have been dormant in their hearts as well. Now are planning things where we're going to be playing live. And all I had to do. All I had to do was

[83:18] Speaker 0: all you had to do was ask. I mean, this is this is so powerful Jan. And I want to just remind everybody here and just highlight something that she's talking about here. When when Jen got focus, and she got her passion, and her flame ignited and pointed in the right direction, guess what it did? It started igniting other people around her the same way that you're like, oh, okay, now I know what to do. And you start lifting your voice a little bit over it. Those people around you going, Yes, this is it. My flame was dormant. But now I'm on fire. And we want to run together with you guys. I'm telling you, when you start getting focused, when you start getting an understanding of this is where I want to go. This is what I want to do. It literally sets everybody else around you free. So that's extremely powerful. Jen, come on, y'all give her a hand clap today. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Jen, good girl. Well, listen, guys, we're going to jump in unless anybody else has any more wins any more wins. Throw your hands up, throw your hands up. Throw your hands up. Any more wins, throw the hands up, and we will get to y'all. All right, we got a couple more wins on Iran. Bring them on. Bring them on. We got we got Paul in the building. Paul's been tracking with us all week long. Been getting fired up. Let's go Paul. Let's go, Paul. What's up, bro?

[105:47] Speaker 0: me here. Okay. You guys can hear me. We can hear you and we don't crash. Okay. That's the one request I have for you.

[108:11] Speaker 4: Right now. And I'm parked. Perfect. Yeah, I signed on with you guys kind of like somewhat of alcohol on a whim. Because, you know, I had seen him big posts on Facebook here and there and New York reshoot. Where's worship resource. And so I said, you know, I just felt the pull. Because I would say in the last few years, my focus has been something where it's not, it's not been where it should. And so that's how I've been seeing this week is just refocusing. And specifically on some of the main points that you brought out, during the week, when it came to the public, the whole publishing side, I put out some songs before and just didn't take them water to a greater distance, if you will, that you know, that you you've projected. And I've just found so much encouragement. And so I mean, if I could, you know, give an illustration of just how this how this has helped me thus far. It's, you know, you know, I've felt in some ways I've just been in an ocean, and you know, and you know, swimming into my own strength, but you can only swim so long without help. And then your uncle,

[126:31] Speaker 0: then your uncle Rick came along and throw you a little life raft. Let's go. Paul, thank you so much for joining us as we come on, y'all clap them up. Clap them up. Ron was bring some more out. We got more peeps on here. We got Tom. We got Tommy Boy in the building. Let's go man, Tommy.

[132:12] Speaker 5: Hey, guys. I just had to, I had to kind of say, some of them very similar to Paul and I. I signed on Monday, literally minutes before the q&a started. Because, you know, I, I've had multiple people speaking in my life that my ministry is supposed to be global. And I've just been saying, okay, One day One day, and then I was leading worship at our denominations, net denominations national conference last week. And God just kind of told me like, you got to do something with this. You got to do you got to start it. And I wasn't even looking. And I took your writing class in the fall with Naomi Raines and Aaron moment, Moses and Jason Upton and Stephanie grid singer, and that blew me away. And I didn't even know this was happening. And then Monday, it pops up and I was like, boom, here we go. Let's do it. God's already just shown me the way I don't even have to try to look on where to start. Here it is Uncle Rick's here to help you. And it was it's just been an amazing week. Oh, live every day. It's been so much just to learn and

[149:57] Speaker 0: this is so powerful. Let me let me just pause real quick. I want I want to share with you guys a quick story. Okay. The same way Tom's like, man, you know, the connection. I think it's really interesting time that you're like, God called me to a global ministry a global platform. Well, guess what? You boys been all over the globe many times over. Almost 80 nations already been there. Okay. And I want to help you all. If you feel called to get to that place. I've already been there. I've already done it. And here's how it happened for me, okay. So years ago, I'm 17 Sorry, I'm 18 years old at this point. And one of my mentors at the time. He was just Wonderful man from Cameroon Africa. He's almost seven feet tall, just as big, beautiful, wonderful man. And his name was gi PEI. Okay. And I kind of probably like some of you on here. I had so many words about going to the nations I had so many words about, you know, God's gonna launch you to this nation and that and it just nations, they, there would literally be prophets come around. I must have the word prophesied to me just written over my forehead, you know, just always get in words. It's like, Okay, God, but what is it going to happen? Like nations, nations, nations nations. I'm like, All right. I'm 18 I'm broke. I don't have any connections. I don't know how I'm gonna get to the nation's but okay. And so, the Lord began to speak to me as an 18 year old Rob, you could just bring me on the full screen there. Thank you, Tom. We appreciate you, bro. So check this out. Yeah, and we're gonna get to a couple more wins here in a second. But this this story is important for a lot of y'all. Okay, so 18 years old. I'm like, Okay, Lord, I love all the prophetic words. But when is this going to happen? And I hear I heard the Lord say, Rick, you gotta in this is before I didn't know any prosperity preachers, I'd never heard these kinds of phrases. It was literally just the Holy Spirit. Speaking in my heart. I heard the Lord, like, in my spirit for one of the first times that the Lord said, Rick, you got to so where you want to go? And I was like, okay, okay, that makes sense to me. And I was like, Well, Lord, I feel called the nations. You've been telling me since I was a little boy, I'm called to the nations. I don't have any nations opening up. And the Lord said, No, you don't have any nations. But you have this connection. You have this connection. And at the time, my mentor, he had been to 30 nations, which, you know, in my 18 year old head, I was like, what? 30 nations? It's insane. Like, I couldn't believe it, right. And so I was like, Okay, I may not have any nations open to me right now. But I have a connection to the nations and instead of me going, Hey, man, can you open up the nations? I heard the Lord say, so are you want to go so in my 18 year old head, the best I could do was commit to buying this man a meal every time we connected. Like if we're going to go out or hang out, I would I committed in my heart, I'm going to either buy his coffee, or buy his meal. And that was a gigantic leap for me because as an 18 year old, I am dead broke. You know what I'm saying? And here's the problem. Here is the problem. This man like I just said, He's seven foot tall from Cameroon Africa, y'all, like this mug? How many of y'all know about Cracker Barrel? Just wave at me in wave at me in the camera, if you know about Cracker Barrel, okay, so this guy, his favorite place to go to was Cracker Barrel. And I am not exaggerating to you seven foot tall, big old man, he would order three entrees. Not even exaggerating, like we got once or twice a week, and it'd be like, he'd mess with the server. Right? And he had this French accent from Africa. Hello, how are you doing? Yes, I am fasting today. So I only want half of the menu. Like he was one of those guys like what you're fasting and you only have to menu that you're fast. He was just pretending like, you know, he's a giant basically. And so in my 18 year old mind, I'm like, bruh, how am I going to like I can barely afford one meal, let alone to let alone four because he's going to order three every single time. But you know, I committed in my heart, I'm going to bless this man. And I am going to serve him I'm going to sell etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. Okay, so for one year, and he knew what the Lord was doing in me. So he allowed me to bless him and sometimes he cut back and only get two portions set up three to bless me, okay. Anyways, so for a whole year, guys, I committed I would buy his coffee, I would buy his meal because it was the best I could do at that moment. I'm blessing him. I'm blessing him. It was a stretch at times, you know, the bill would come on, like $60 Oh, my God, like as an eight broke 18 year old college and oh my god. $60. But you know, I committed. I just said, God, you call me to the nation's I don't have the answers, but I have a connection. And I am going to do my best to be faithful with this connection. All right. And so here's what I did. I committed for a whole year to buy his meals, buy his coffees, y'all cannot testify to y'all. Anybody like testimonies waved at me, my peeps wave at me, wave at me wave at me. Because here's the cool thing about a testimony what God did for one he will do for you as well. Okay, here's what happened in one year. Now, remember, at the time this guy had been to 30 nations, which was mind blown. Why 30 nations? Here's what happened in one year is actually just less than a year and about 11 months. I had been to 15 nations in the first year not with him just doors begin to open for me. There was an impartation that was released with my connection. I was faithful with my connection in what was available to me then. So in the first year, I hit 15 nations in first year, guys, that is insane, right. And then the next year I went to 20 nations the next year. And all of a sudden this thing starts snowballing. I myself have been to 79. But guys, I have launched literally 1000s of teams, to, to dozens and dozens and dozens close to 100 nations all over the world, simply because I was faithful with my connection. I was faithful with my coach, I was faithful to my mentor, and what was on him got multiplied in me, because here's the punch line, guys. When you serve your Elijah, you get a double portion as any live shot.

[253:16] Speaker 0: Whoa, come on. That's how it happened for me, guys. So how did I get to 80 nations, I'll tell you how I bought some coffee. And then the natural you might go that doesn't connect like, you don't buy coffee and it opens up doors to the nations in the spirit in the kingdom it does. Connecting in doing your best to honor your connections, honor your mentorships honor your coaches and run with them at whatever capacity you can. It unlocks things in the Spirit. So Tom, I'm proud of you, man. I'm telling you, our inner circle students, it is absolutely psychotic mind blowing what is happening in their lives. Videos are going viral. You know, songs are going viral. royalty checks are coming in literally one of our guys, Henry. He's he within one. Sorry, within two and a half months of joining the inner circle. He went from I don't know anything about anything. Two and a half months later started receiving his first royalty checks. It took me 20 years and it took him two months. Why? Because he chose to connect with some coaching with some mentorship. So y'all I'm proud of y'all. These are wins. Anybody else have a couple more wins before we jump in here. I saw a couple more hands up. I think I'd seen Wendy's hand up. And if they if they if they're out then no big deal. Any more wins last second last call for wins. Run. We got him if we got them. Bring them on. No, no, no. Okay, guys, well, let's transition in. Oh, there we go. Andrew, the glory of the anointed dripping on the beard, my God. Aaron's beard, Psalm 133. It's just dripping down on his glory. Unity. Andrew, What's up, bro? What's your takeaways? Man? What's your wins?

[283:14] Speaker 6: I mean, so many. Kind of like these other guys, you know, just like, super blessed to just be able to draft you know. But, man, God gave you the tree. You gotta make the chair. Like, that's just

[288:13] Speaker 0: oh, that's fire bro.

[288:56] Speaker 6: That's me, dude. You can't do God's part. And God won't do your part. Like

[290:55] Speaker 0: you can't do God's part and he won't do your part. Fire.

[292:26] Speaker 6: It's so practical, but it's just it's it's rockin me so. And then just that you can't influence something you're cynical about that phrase?

[295:35] Speaker 0: Was someone paying attention this week? Come on. Let's go, Andrew. Andrew, I'm proud of you. I've been seeing you here all week long, man. Let's clap them up. Y'all come on. Clap them up. Clap them up. Clap them up. Andrew, you got a big destiny on your life. My friend. Ron was bring somebody else okay, there's Wendy when he got her hand back up. Let's see what's up with Miss Wayne or Wendy. What's up Wendy? You there. Hi, Rick. Are you our girl funnel? We can hear you. Yes, ma'am.

[304:34] Speaker 7: Okay, was the fan and that the outsourcing not using the outsource but the fan funnel and creating a course about whatever song or album that we have and mentorship. And so for me that was phenomenal. And I needed that because some of my music I have Portreath turned to songs. And so it's about a specific thing. So that was the

[312:13] Speaker 0: Come on y'all clapper up the fan funnel

[312:56] Speaker 7: to get news out to the sheet that I have that guys.

[313:59] Speaker 0: Y'all I'm giving y'all the game this week. Come on. Fan funnel. Have you ever even heard that phrase in your life? No, you haven't. Because your boy made it up. I'm telling y'all. I've been dropping this even deeper on the inner circle peeps. They've been going crazy with it. Guys, let's jump into the q&a. Okay, Today's our last q&a together for the week. Go ahead and Lift your hands if you've got any questions on songwriting on the cycle of success what else have we covered this week publishing, distribution marketing any of these elements that go in to your songs getting launched out there the right way? Anybody else I saw our girl Kara is in the building. I'm going to put care on blast as people get their questions. Ready. Kara, can I put you on blast girl I'm actually going to bring care of Kara is one of our inner circle students. Y'all. She is about to drop a phi your song. Kara. I just heard your song Pearl of Great Price. Oh my god. That thing is fire. Serious. That thing is insane. I'm so proud of you girl. Like, guys, just wait, this thing's gonna blow some people away. Kara. How are you? Thank you doing good. Yes, girl, you're in the inner circle. You work with Adam and I on a weekly basis? What's it been? Like? What would you tell people?

[337:42] Speaker 8: Oh, my gosh, you guys. So just like, let me just try to get all my thoughts because I'm literally so excited about this inner circle it is. But here's what I will tell you is if you're deciding on like how far to progress on this, and you have that Call of worship on your life, and you're trying to figure out how to steward it. I tried to YouTube and Google and figure out everything I could myself as an independent artist, Steward, just like the call on my life, and, um, I could only get so far. And as soon as I joined inner circle and made that decision, I have like, accelerated because there's just so much wisdom and value that they're able to give me but like, looking back, I will say that I remember thinking to myself, Okay, this is this is some money. That, for me is an investment. And I had to weigh out if I was going to take that risk, really, and invest in a program. And when I look back on it now I'm like, Man, I would have paid 10 times more like it is so worth it, the value and everything that like this inner circle has taught me but I was reading in Proverbs the other day. And Proverbs says, to invest and to buy wisdom. And like, it's biblical, obviously. And I read that and I'm like, man, you know what, we don't invest and buy wisdom as believers as much as we should. And if we were able to take hold of this principle, and buy wisdom like that is like that alone is just douche like

[363:02] Speaker 0: crazy. Burn carry let me ask you a question because girl you have accelerated like exponential Lee, you already came in with with some potential, right? You you had a ton of potential. You can't you have a lot to bring to the table. You're already kind of writing songs going for it worshiping. You jump into the inner circle. And what I heard yesterday on your brand new song is literally a quantum leap. Rowman and I were in here doing doing the song reviews. And we were jaw dropped. I was like, Who is this? Who is this? This is insanely good. rums like It's Kara. I'm like, what this is like it is a quantum quantum leap. Like insane. So what would you tell people because here's the thing care. Later on today after general session I'm going to be sharing with people there's a number of people have applied to work with Adam and I, I'm going to be sharing with them today how they can actually jump in to the inner circle and work with Adam. And on a weekly basis. What would you say to someone who's on the fence about like me? And should I do this or not? Because you know, those who apply? They're gonna hear how to jump in with us. What would you say to those people?

[382:11] Speaker 8: I mean, at the end of the day, you're either willing to invest in your destiny, or you're not. So

[383:57] Speaker 0: why? Hold on that was a pearl was oh my god that she dropped a bomb on it. Either you're willing to invest in your destiny or you're not. Period.

[388:29] Speaker 8: I'm getting the risk, you know, anointing of dropping bars like this.

[389:22] Speaker 0: Let's go oh my god. So good, y'all come on, clap up, Kara. Be looking for her new song. It's gonna be fire. Trust me, guys. I'm not just saying that she's got an anointing on her. It's going to be so good. Here's the thing, guys. You know, I have, I think I've told some of you guys and gals this week. And it's been so fun just spending this time with you guys. You know, I'm not just a songwriting guy or worship artist. I'm also a businessman. Adam and I are both you know, mega entrepreneurs. We both have multiple companies outside of what we're doing. Want to help you guys. And the way that it started for both of us, both of us have invested into mentorships programs courses, you know, on and on and on and on and on. And I will tell you this kind of like what Kara just said, like, every single time I have invested into myself, it has been an extra financial explosion of return. When it comes to what I invested. I will tell you all this, just just because we're family now, right? We just spent a whole week together VIP in it up. Can I just can I be vulnerable with you guys on here a little bit? Just wave at me if that's all right, can I just share my heart with you share some personal information with you guys. You know, and I wouldn't say this publicly. But you know, this this year alone, just in the past couple of months, I have invested multiple six figures into myself joining other coaching programs, joining business programs, joining all kinds of mentorships because now I see the value of of the importance of like Karen saying investing into my destiny. And I will tell you all this, just this year, I've invested multiple six figures, and literally one mentorship in particular, it's $155,000 mentorship, okay, I invested that money about three and a half months ago. And within three weeks, that investment had 10x Within three weeks. Now guys, I'm telling you if that's not a good investment, I don't know it is right, because here's the thing. Skills and wisdom are recession proof skills and wisdom are season proof. No matter what you're going into in the future, your skills, your wisdom that you get from coaches and mentors. It is recession proof, it is season proof. And I will tell you all this right now, one of the best investments you can make into yourself is to get connected to mentors to coaches get wisdom like Kara was talking about proverbs and even says it to get wisdom proverbs forces in all you're getting get wisdom, because Wisdom is the principal thing. And I believe I said this on day one, the word wisdom there is the word. Think it's Krakow. And it literally means the word skill. Your people perish for lack of knowledge. Why are you perishing? Because you don't have the knowledge. You don't have the skills. Right? But whenever you get knowledge when you get skills around your worship songs, specifically guys, I'm telling you, Adam and I were you guys know me, okay, I'm just going to tell it as it is. You guys know my heart. I'm not trying to boast. We have helped Maverick city, we have helped 70 grand singer we have helped Jeremy rental. We have helped Jason up there. We have helped many, many, many of your favorites. Get to their potential. And later on today, if you apply to work with us, I'm going to show you guys and gals how we can do that for you as well. Guys, any questions? I know we're all just kind of glossing over the whole week, so much information. But I am here to bring any kind of value to you guys and gals. Let's see here. I also saw Lynn, I saw Lynn was in the building. Lynn, can I put you on blast because Lynn is in the inner circle as well. Let's bring Lin on Lynn, you have been in the inner circle. You are precious girl, you just came and spent a VIP day with us. Tell us your experience of what's it been like working with Adam and I for you?

[456:08] Speaker 9: Well, it's like a revival. Really, because I just feel the fire is so important. Because you know, wherever we are, it's like you said you got to hang around people that believe in what you're doing and, and to get around the whole room of people like that. It's just so invigorating and deepening spiritually as well. So it's not just about what's going on in the music and the you know, parallel but it's the internal fire that's being relayed in our school to the Lord and I love it. Thank you so much.

[464:59] Speaker 0: Awesome. Thank you, Lynn. Lynn, what would you say to somebody who who has applied to work with us later on today? They're going to figure out just exactly how they can do that. What would you say to somebody who's receiving this information for the first time? How can you help them make their decision quicker? What would you say to them?

[469:25] Speaker 9: Oh, wow, you need to be really stoked, guys, because this is the best thing ever for your music. Whatever you feel God's put in your heart. Rick and his team are just going to help you bring that out and it is just the best thing ever.

[473:11] Speaker 0: Awesome. Thank you Lynn. That is so sweet. Thank you so much, man. I appreciate it guys. Let's jump into some q&a. I see Andrews hand up. Andrew in the glory. Let's go bro. What's your question man? How can we help you?

[476:50] Speaker 6: Yeah. So I in the recording process, I guess I What would be your suggestion related to that? I've heard different schools of thought so some people are like you can do everything yourself, you know, and you know you save money that way right? In the moment maybe not long term but but then it's far within I've heard other schools of thought where it's like, you want different set of eyes and ears every state here's

[485:36] Speaker 0: my school of thought. Here's my school of thought. Do it right the first time period I hammer this into our students do it right the first time because here's the thing bro Andrew, are going to tell you right now, I have done nine records over the course of my quote unquote music artists worship career, whatever you want to call it. I've done nine records in the past 15 years Okay, and every single one of them has been independent meaning I have funded them myself Okay. Literally from like God it out the mud type of jam, you know, I'm saying like, did it myself learned everything myself, Adam, and I, you know, and I will tell you this, I have quote, unquote, cut corners by trying to have everything done myself. And it has been an absolute mess. Because here's the thing y'all the best is not the cheapest and the cheapest is not the best ever. Okay? So you can you do it yourself and do like a kind of crappy, you know, like, well, it works and put it out there. Yeah. But you know how many other people are doing that right now? And they're, it don't matter if you have the best songs in the world. I've said this this week, if Jesus himself is one of your featured artists on your project, if you don't do it, right, if you don't record it, right, mix it right, master it, right. produce it right. You know, distribute it, right market it right. It's not going to matter. And unfortunately, Andrew, I know, dozens and probably hundreds, honestly, I know hundreds, if not 1000s, of very good worship songwriters who are so poverty in their mindset. They're trying to save as much as they can. And they're, they're putting out little projects that were rinky dink projects that they did themselves because they saved a couple 100 bucks here, they saved 1000 bucks there, and nobody knows who they are. And it is a travesty to me because they have so much potential. So much destiny, so much anointing. But the problem is they didn't do the stewardship part. Right, Andrew, It is my conviction, like Adam talked about on Wednesday. Okay. The stewardship portion of being an artist is not just I have to steward my publishing. It's, I have to be a good steward over every single part of my process. So Andrew, for me, I only have people mix my projects who mix records for a living. It's what they it's their bread and butter. They eat it, they sleep it, they drink it. That's what they do. I only have people master my projects, who all they do is master projects. They eat it, they drink it, because I want masters. I want professionals on every single part of my project, y'all. It's called excellence. It's called excellence. Okay. Listen, I'm telling y'all right now, there's a reason why Louis Vuitton didn't go on sale. Why? Because they're the best. And because they're the best, they're not the cheapest. And because they're the cheapest, they're not, you know, the cheapest is never the best. The best is never the cheapest. Here's the thing, guys.

[536:20] Speaker 0: When you're doing this yourself, one of the benefits you guys have of being an independent artist, is you're in no rush to get this album out. Now, don't let it like don't get into analysis paralysis. Don't get so in your head, that you're never going to put anything out. But if you're an independent artists, you're not rushed to have to get this thing out next week. Like if it takes an extra week because you had to get the mix just right. Awesome. You got the mix, right? And now you have something that you're proud of. Right. So to Andrews question for every person on the call today. I would say don't cut corners. Don't cut corners along any part of the process. Okay. Anyone who's like yo, I can record it. I can engineer it. I can mix it and master it for one low price run far away. Okay, I know you love your uncle. I know you love your grandpa. I know you love your friend who has a studio in his basement. It's a little creepy, but he could do the job. I know you love them. But run far away only work with professionals y'all. Because when you do this, I'm telling you guys, there is an actual process of doing this. The the artwork has to be right. Okay. I will tell you all of this right now, people in my inner circle I have they they put out their artwork like yo does anybody like this? And I've told them no, this artwork is not it. You have to change your artwork, and then they land up changing their artwork and then they're stuff pops off, pops off, right? You have to get the art, you have to get all the pieces, right? And when you get them, right, that's whenever your music can hit its full potential, that's when you can make the biggest impact. All right. And last thought on this okay, I know I'm given a little bit of a long answer, but I'm really passionate about this, guys. Here's the biggest thing you guys need to know when it comes to should I do this myself and save a little bit of money? Or should I do this? Right? Okay. What does it say about yourself? If you're just trying to always skimp out, right? In business people say it like this. You don't focus on the bottom line. Focus on the top line, meaning don't focus on how much can I save focus on how much can I earn? How does that relate to this? Don't focus on how skimped out can I do this? What's the bare minimum? I can do this without you know, having it be an absolute trash dump? Don't focus on that focus on okay, how can I make this happen to where I do every single part of my process? Excellently got an Andrew. That's my take on it, bro. ROM was bring some more on here. We got Oh, che. Oh, Chet. Oh, check. Let's go, brother.

[580:08] Speaker 10: I hear Thank you very much, Rick. I'm good. How are you? Doing? Good, man. How can I help you? Cool. Yeah, so um, you've actually answered some of the questions which I have, but just wanted to still put this out. I have my songs, my songs already. I like what you said about not being in a hurry, just to put things out. In my own situation. Now I have applied for the inner circle. Hopefully I get it. Hopefully I get what I do pray to get in. Will you suggest? What would be your suggestion? Do I wait on putting that song out first? Do I Be patient? Or what do I do? What do I do? Oh, Jay,

[591:04] Speaker 0: here, here's what I would do if I were you, brother. Okay. Because all the applications have come in already. To my knowledge, I'm pretty sure that all the 36 people who have been accepted, we've already made our decisions. Okay. So here's what I would suggest to you, or to anyone else who applied for inner circle. If you are, if you are trying to get a song out, you know, this, you know, really quick, I would wait just a few more hours to ensure that you got accepted into the inner circle. Because if you did, if you did get accepted into the inner circle, then it is going to be way, way better for you to actually get into the program, get some coaching, get some accountability, make the tweaks that you need to make, and then put out something that is way, way better than what you could do on your own. So I would just be patient just a little bit longer, man and just see how it how it lands today. All right. Okay, thank you. Thank you that helped. Yep. Roma's bring some more questions on here. Yo, yo, yo, we got Tom. We got Tommy Boy back in the building. Yeah,

[609:27] Speaker 5: I have a couple of questions about copywriting. So on copyright.gov, it says that you can copyright a single or you can copyright an album. And it's the same cost of like up to 10 songs. So should you always wait until you have 10 songs to copyright to? Or should you just copyright? The minute you're ready?

[614:55] Speaker 0: Here's the thing, Tom, as you probably saw, the cost is pretty inexpensive. You know, considering the whole cost of everything. If you're doing the cycle of success, do you remember the cycle of success? Yeah, songwriting, sing the songs live, record them, then copyright, right. So if you are at that point in your process, okay, if you sang this song, many times you have a recorded, if you're ready to go, then just get a copy written. Because at the end of the day, that small little baby fee that you're paying for either one song or an album, even though it's the same costs, you are going to be protecting yourself in the long run. Because Tom, we live in a viral day and age, like we live in an hour where a mom can buy a Chewbacca mask at Target, sit in the parking lot, put it on, and in 24 hours, she's viral, right? Like, that's the day we live in. So I don't know about you, like literally, you know, it's is that are the chances huge? No, but could it happen? Yes, you could, you could record your song, throw it up on YouTube and just be like, well, I'll just wait till the records done. It could go viral overnight. It really could. And then now people are wanting to record all of a sudden there's dollar signs attached to it. You know, and you're you're caught red handed because you didn't do the cycle of success, right? So if I were you guys, we've given you all the framework, just do the steps do the steps. Do them exactly through your process. And if you're worried about money in this thing, guys, I'm telling you all you're focusing on the wrong part. I would stop focusing On, how much does it cost? How much can I save? And I would start focusing on how excellent can I do? How excellent Can I be in my process? All right. So to your question, copyright them as soon as you got them and as soon as they're ready in that cycle of success, yeah, my

[644:15] Speaker 5: second part to that would be, so that copywriting process can take, like six months or more. So do you wait to distribute when you get the paperwork back? Or do you keep

[646:48] Speaker 0: your good review? Or good if you filed the if you're if you filed, they got it in file, and you're good to distribute?

[648:40] Speaker 5: Good to know. Yep. Jackie.

[649:16] Speaker 0: Thanks, Tommy. Boy, let's keep going wrong. Let's bring somebody else into the building. We got a few minutes left here, y'all. We got Rhema got Rhema. Back in the building. What's up? Rhema? How can we help you girl?

[652:26] Speaker 2: Okay, I have songs I especially the one that I just already. I want to do it. You mentioned that do it? Right. How do I do it? Right. And I I used to have a producer I lost my producer I moved in a different town. I don't know. I don't know people might hear. But you have producers. And also talking about the price. I'm never worried about the price or anything. I would want to know how much is the price to record just one song to compare to a particular gentleman here in my town that was tagging us I want to move on. I have some that are sitting on the shelf there dusty. Now I have over 50 songs that the Lord has given.

[665:11] Speaker 0: I hear you. And here's what I would do. Okay. Because obviously, you're asking the right question here. Okay, you're, you're for sure asking the right question. How do I how do I do this? Right? Like, how do I record right? How do I make sure I'm doing the process? Right? Here's my suggestion to you guys. It's really shady for me. Like, I always encourage our students, if there's a person in your town, like I just said, you know, like, you know, the dude has a studio in his basement, or he can't you know, this guy's a producer. If you've never heard any of their work, if you've never heard of anyone they've worked with before, chances are, they're probably not doing very good yet. So I personally wouldn't work with somebody who doesn't have at least a little bit of a good reputation. Okay, because if they don't have a good reputation yet, number one, they may not be very good. And number two, they have not had enough experience in order to be qualified to work on my project. Because, girl, here's the punchline, you actually don't need them, they need you. Okay, when it comes to like, they're looking for work, you're looking for excellence. Okay, they're looking for an opportunity, you're looking for excellence. So here's what I would do. If I were you, I would check out music that I really liked production that really sticks out to me, like, I liked the sound of that, then I would reach out and say, hey, who produced this for you? And get the information, drop a DM, you know, hit him up on Instagram, something like that, who produced this for you? And they're gonna let you know, oh, this girl producer for me, this guy produce it for me. And then I would work with somebody who you actually like their work, not just some random Joe Schmo in his mom's basement and he's trying to start a production company. How does that

[692:38] Speaker 2: make sense? Yes, that makes sense. But now we've got to who would you recommend? Which producer would you recommend?

[694:50] Speaker 0: She said, now we got you. You got me for about another hour and a half and the challenge.

[697:13] Speaker 0: Here's the deal. And I'll just say this just because you're asking Okay, for those who do get accepted into the inner circle, one of the things that I'm getting a little ahead of myself, but I'm going to share this with you guys after the general session. Those who do get accepted into the inner circle. They get mine and Adams personal contact list of all of our producers, mixers, masters, videographers, even music lawyers, these are the same guys and gals who work on carry Job's records elevation worships record Maverick city my stuff Baba Baba blah. So that's, that's an option for those people. In the meantime, if I were you, I would do what I just said I would connect with people who you like the sound of their stuff, reach out to them and start there. In general, generally speaking, an average price per song, I'm talking about mixing, mastering production, production, all of it, you're going to look at anywhere between 500 to $1,000 per song, to do it, right? To do it, right. Okay, but here's the thing. Again, with some of our higher level coaching, we show you how to do it for much less than that. We leverage you guys and gals who get accepted in the inner circle. You can leverage my relationships, you can leverage my friendships, and you'll be able to get way higher quality for way cheaper price, just by simply me connecting you guys to my piece, and that's gonna be cool for somebody there.

[719:55] Speaker 2: You Let's go.

[720:24] Speaker 0: Did you apply Rhema? Did you apply?

[720:59] Speaker 2: I did applied already? Didn't. Okay.

[721:52] Speaker 0: We'll come hang out with me after General after general session today and we'll show you what's up. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Ron, let's bring somebody else on more questions here. Guys. We got a few more minutes left, we got Andrew double dip. We got Andrew double dipping in the building.

[726:36] Speaker 0: What's the question we just drew? How can we help you, bro? What's your question?

[728:17] Speaker 6: So? So I'm, my primary occupation is a missionary. Okay. So I raised money for a living. But I have a family. And the money that I raised goes towards that. Yep. How would you? Do you have any tips or pointers on that trip?

[733:06] Speaker 0: 100%? Yes, I do. Change your occupation. Because here's the thing. I come from a ministry background, Andrew, I have raised that missionaries. Right. I have I have been in the house of prayer, like I cut my teeth in the house of prayer. But here's the problem. Okay. Not just not with House of Prayer in general. I'm saying with church in general. There is there is an idea that in order to quote unquote, do the Lord's work, you have to work in the church, you have to work in the ministry. And if you work in the church, or the ministry, you can only live off of raising support, but that is not biblical. Okay. I've talked to Mike Bickle about this. I've talked to Alan heard about this. I've talked to Billy Humphrey about this. I've talked to Corey Russell about this 100% of them are in agreement with me. In fact, I asked Mike, Mike, there's gotta be something to this man. And he goes, You know what, you're right. I hop is an anomaly. I don't even know how we're still standing here. Because it's just an anomaly. God raised this thing up. And I said, Yes. But not everybody can be the anomaly. So here's my punchline to you, Andrew, you've got to learn that only a very, very tiny percent of people are called to vocational priesthood. 100% of believers are called to the priesthood, but only a tiny, tiny, tiny percent are called to vocational priesthood. Okay. Real quick. So as you know, only one tribe was called to live off the offerings, the other 11 were called to go into the marketplace. And do Deuteronomy 818. create wealth? For sure. What's your question?

[759:31] Speaker 6: Yeah, so I'm a full time worship leader here. And so I'm, I'm, I would consider myself part of that tribe. But my, my bigger question, Drew,

[762:05] Speaker 0: here's the thing. Let me just jump in real quick. You consider yourself part of that tribe only because you're around people who consider themselves a part of that tribe. You are, you are just like the people that you hang out with most right? Is there anything wrong with that? No, I come from the background. I love it. I love going to the nations. But here's the here's the beauty of it. Okay. Through my music through my business, the Lord has given me wisdom that is not traditional church wisdom. It's Kingdom wisdom. It's sung of Saul or sorry, it's Solomon wisdom. It's not just what the church or what the House of Prayer teaches wisdom. And now Andrew, I get to go be a minister. anytime I want. And I will testify to y'all this is the goodness of God. This is not me boasting, this is his goodness, literally, for the past year 100% of the times that I've gone out to minister, no matter how big or small the places, I have been able to receive the offering. Thank you so much. And so it back into the community. I've done 100% of my ministry for free. Why? Because I am not just a vocational priest of this tiny little portion. I am a I am a priest, and a king and a prophet. I am a David. And I am called to create wealth because that's what Deuteronomy 818 said that I could do.

[783:55] Speaker 6: Yeah, that's good. So, so in the process of starting out with wanting to record my music and stuff like that, or do you have any suggestions on how to actually like, get the money to be able to do it?

[788:44] Speaker 0: Sell something flip something, go garage, saleing. Sell a keyboard sell a guitar, because I'm telling you right now, musicians, this is for everybody on the call today. It is it is a travesty to me that musicians are willing to purchase a guitar, a keyboard, a microphone, some gear, but they're not willing to invest in their selves. What's what's the point if you have 10 guitars sitting around or a keyboard or a mic, but you don't have the wisdom on how to actually do something that will continue to repeat itself? Guys, I'm not trying to get into the business side too much and we do have to go but here's the punchline. When you begin to get wisdom and skill, especially around How to Do your worship music correctly. Here's what most people do most people work, work, work, work, work, work, work, and then they get paid. What wisdom teaches you how to do is work, get paid, get paid, get paid, get paid, get paid, get paid, get paid. All right? Andrew, whatever it takes for you to jump in and make an investment in yourself. That's what I would do, bro. Start getting some wisdom, start getting some skills. And I will tell you in one year from now, your life can look tremendously different. And you can actually serve the house of prayer you can serve the nation's even stronger because now you're not living off the scraps. You're living in abundance. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining me for this q&a. Here's what we're going to do hang tight, hang tight. For five more minutes. We're going to jump into general session guys. I got some pearls for you in general session. Today we're going to talk about how to bring all of this information together. We're going to talk about what it looks like to take action. And guys I'm telling you I got some mind blowing stuff that's going to help y'all get to the next level All right, so hang tight right here and we will see everybody in about five min new toasts bless you guys?

[877:35] Speaker 11: Ricky and Adam have made an impact on my music ministry. And it's been amazing working with them I've learned so much. They are true apostles of worship, praise and strategy. So get ready for your life to be changed.

[882:07] Speaker 8: So since I've started working with Rick and Adam, just little testimony here, I felt like I had this toolkit. And I had no tools in it. But now that I've started to work with them, they have literally equipped me in not only the right tools that I need, but in how to use the tools to build and to fulfill that call on my life as a worshiper.

[887:36] Speaker 12: What is it like working with Rick and Adam, I tell you, you cannot go wrong, you're going to learn a lot, you're going to feel valued, you're going to feel like oh, my gosh, I didn't realize that, they're going to give you so much revelation, because these men have history in the music industry, and other industries and dealing with artists and musicians and other people, so they'll help your life get better.

[894:02] Speaker 13: It's been such a great experience. For me overall, it's been both challenging and rewarding. But since working with them, I would say that I'm much more motivated to do the things I've been called to, mostly because I have the knowledge available to me to go to, I have that knowledge that I need to release my music and the confidence to step out and go for it

[900:17] Speaker 14: invest not just in the sounds that you release, put in who you are, as a person that's been really important for my musical journey, the things that they brought in terms of value with music, distribution, and publishing has been amazing.

[904:08] Speaker 15: Working with Rick and Adam has been amazing. I love who they are, they carry so much wisdom, and they both have a father's heart and party breaking out and bringing Ultra value to everything they do. Like value on value, like Walmart CEO great value. Since working with them, I learned so much about publishing, like the little details that I wouldn't even know to wonder about. And I've activated the cycle of success.

[911:20] Speaker 16: Working with Rick and Adam, for me, has been the best investment I've ever made in myself, okay. It's not just the knowledge you're gonna get from this, the know housing, the how tos, you're gonna get support and accountability down to a spiritual level, it becomes very personal. They care about not just your music, but you and your ministry. Okay, since I've started working with them, I've become more organized, more knowledgeable. And of course, way more focused in my music, I know what I'm working towards now, how to get there, whether it's from the writing side, all the way down to getting my music out there in front of other people.

[920:19] Speaker 17: Since starting to work with them, I have literally done features and things that they have instructed and suggested. And I have already started launching myself lightyears ahead of where I was years ahead of where I was, and I'm starting to see promises being fulfilled before my eyes. Because I partnered with the opportunity that God gave me in their membership and

[927:04] Speaker 18: truly amaze, educational life. Some of the words I can use to describe it. But since working with them, I've released 11 song, streaming services, and I'm a Christian hip hop music. So there was a lot of wondering and trying to figure out what to do and how to do it. They really give you an outline really give

[932:17] Speaker 19: you an overview of working with Regan Adam has been such a joy and such a pleasure. Since working with them I have grown tremendously in confidence in my musical ability and songwriting ability, and growing confidence and understanding how to get my music professionally recorded. Because of their help, I can confidently say that I will be recording for the first time two of my songs and putting them out there. This year since

[940:08] Speaker 20: working with Rick anatomy, I found great encouragement through up through a wonderful community of light hearted creatives and if your practical tools and insights that are that are being constantly refined to make them easier to apply and, and more effective once applied. Professionally I work as a as a worship pastor and a technical director so I have a great many commitments and and Rick and Adams experience in their organization has helped me find the time and the energy to begin rebuilding my songwriting ministry for reach beyond our local region.

[948:44] Speaker 8: Get the tools that you need to fulfill your calling as a worshiper

[950:00] Speaker 11: to you you will grow you got to be around people who are doing the things that you want to see yourself doing so

[951:51] Speaker 15: gonna get unstuck. You're gonna get Erlach after writing major.

[953:36] Speaker 12: You need to be challenged by mentors that believe in you. I know that Rick annatto they believe in me. Why would you want to be with someone that doesn't believe in you? Well, they do and they'll sew into your life and bring you to a higher level

[958:32] Speaker 0: Alright everybody, we are back for day number five of the launcher worship music five A challenge if you have been blessed, drop some fire emojis in the comments guys, today is going to be I'm telling y'all, I saved the best for last. Somebody dropped that in the comments best for last best for last best for last. I have saved the best for last from y'all. For y'all and I am so pumped. Today we're going to be talking about okay, we've learned a cycle of success. We've learned viral songwriting secrets, we've learned, you know, the top five publishing insider tips that record labels don't want you to know we've learned about distribution, we've learned about something that your uncle Rick told you about called Fan funnels, right. I've taught y'all all of these things. Now, what are we going to do now? How do we bring it all together and make it all work? So stay tuned, because here in just a moment, we are about to, I'm about to break it down for y'all. Don't forget, guys two quick announcements. Okay. If you have applied to work with Adam and I, directly after today's session, we are going to go into a different breakout room and I'm going to show you exactly how Adam and I are going to be able to help expand your life explode your worship, artistry and songwriting to the next level. So be looking for that. Number two, we're doing a bonus session tomorrow, I am putting on a Free Bonus Session for everybody tomorrow, you don't want to miss it. Because uncle Rick loves y'all. I want to bless you guys, I want to bring you as much value as possible. So don't miss tomorrow, it's going to be at 11am Central Standard Time tomorrow. That is 11am, Texas time. I don't know what time that is where you live, just do a simple Google search and come and join us. Tomorrow I'm going to be showing you guys one of the most important one of the most important things I've ever learned in my entire life. And we're going to apply it to our worship songwriting journey. And it is absolutely going to be rocket fuel for you guys to really get your music launched. If y'all are ready for that, drop some fire emojis in the comments, and how many y'all are ready to get started? Let's do it. Guys. Here's the deal. Okay, I want every person taking notes today, because today is going to be extremely, extremely important. So if you're taking notes today, I want you to write this next phrase down, okay. We talked about this, we touched on this a little bit yesterday. But I want you to write this phrase down, okay. If you fight for your limitations, you get to keep them. Write that down. If you fight for your limitations, you get to keep them. What does that mean? I know that there are some people in the challenge is weak. And you're still thinking about like, Man, I don't know if I really want to do this. I don't want to apply to work with Rick and Adam, what if it doesn't work? All of those what ifs all of those I don't knows. All of those ho Hamza, I don't know. Those are limitations that you are literally fighting for every time you go, Well, what if this doesn't work, you're fighting for your own limitation. And you get to keep every limitation that you fight for. Okay, but here's the punchline, guys. What's the difference between people who are actually tasting success with their worship songs, and with their worship, artistry and those who are not? I have literally met and I have coached and we have helped hundreds of 1000s of worshipers and songwriters over the past five years. And there is one, one common denominator that I keep seeing across the board. And it is this. There are people who are less qualified than you who are less anointed than you, who are not as good at songwriting as you who don't even have the call of God as strong in their life as you do. But they're doing more than you. They're doing better than you. They are more quote unquote successful than you why? Because those people are willing to take imperfect action. I need about 20 people in the comments right now. Big caps, locks letters, talk to me here, say imperfect action, imperfect action, imperfect action, imperfect action. What is the key to all of this? Listen, here's the problem, guys, too many people are addicted to education, but they're allergic to execution. You having all this knowledge now that I've shared with you that Adam has shared with you all week long, it doesn't ensure that you're going to be successful. What ensures that you will be successful is if you take action, and here's the thing, you're going to have to take imperfect action. Okay, let me break this down for y'all here on my trusty board.

[1039:05] Speaker 0: Let's break down some notes for y'all. Okay. You have got to learn to take imperfect action. And can I help you with something? Yes. What? You have already been an imperfect action taker your whole life. You just don't know it yet. Because guess what, every single thing in life, it starts with imperfect action. Let me help y'all here. Guess how you learned how to ride a bike? How did you learn how to ride a bike? You started actually let me let me use my other. My other glory pen here. Yes, it's already queued up. How did you learn how to ride a bike? You took imperfect action. Come on at least 678 more people in the comments. Imperfect Action, imperfect action. How many of y'all know that imperfect action is better than no action at all? The Bible even tells us, the Bible tells us something very, very important. The Bible tells us this faith without works, guess what's another word for works? Action. Faith without action is dead. What? Don't be sitting there going, why got faith? I'm just waiting for God. I'm still sitting here on the couch. God said He was going to do this. But he hasn't yet. No, no. The problem is, is you have not activated your faith by starting to take action. And I will tell you this, what does faith look like? Faith looks like imperfect action. Am I helping somebody today? Faith looks like imperfect action. Okay, so what are some other things that you have to do? With starting with imperfect action? How about riding a bike? What about driving a car? Right? Did you come out of the womb? Knowing how to drive a car? I didn't? Did you come out of the womb? Knowing how to ride a bike? I didn't. You had to start with imperfect action. Right? What about playing an instrument? We have a lot of instrument players in here. A lot of musician players playing an instrument, the first time that you touched a guitar Did you instantly just start shredding it? No. It hurt the fingers a little bit. You know, it was like, Oh, this is a little weird. It's a little awkward. But guess what? The more you did it, the more the better. You got at it. And here's what happens guys, when you are faithful with action, and specifically with imperfect action. When you're faithful with these things, all of a sudden, it becomes easy. Okay, riding a bike. You don't matter if you haven't rode a bike. In years. If you get on a bike, there's literally the saying like, Oh, it's just like riding a bike. You guys ever heard that before? wave at me? My peeps wave at me. My peeps. You heard that saying? It's like riding a bike. Why do people see that? Because literally, you took so much imperfect action. Maybe you scraped your knees a couple of times, maybe you fell over. But now you can literally ride a bike. Without years of practice. Get back on and you can instantly ride a bike. Why? Because you're imperfect action leads to mastery. Imperfect Action leads to mastery. How do people become masters because they kept taking imperfect action. Okay, let's talk about this one. Drive in a car. This is hilarious. How many of y'all have ever got in your car? And you zoned out.

[1114:31] Speaker 0: And all of a sudden you open up your eyes and you were there where you thought you were you were supposed to go and you're like, oh my gosh, how the heck did I get here? Has any has waited me if that's happened to you? If that's happened to you before? Wait, you're like, Oh my gosh. I literally didn't even know why did that happen? Because you've driven a car so many times. that now you can do it subconsciously. You can literally do it subconsciously. And the thing that started with imperfect action, driving a car now has become easy. What about playing music? Those of you guys and gals who started out playing music however many years ago, now, can you can you play it with your eyes closed? If you've been doing it long enough? Of course you can. Can you do it without thinking? Yes, of course you can't. So here's what happens guys. We go to a new page here. Here's what happens, okay? When you take imperfect action the more imperfect action you take, the more that that that action becomes easy. And the more you do it, and the easier it gets. Now you can do it

[1138:28] Speaker 0: now, you could do it subconsciously. Now you can literally they said, do it with your eyes closed, do it in your sleep, do it one hand tied behind your back, right? How do you get here to where it's like, man, so he's gonna do it in my sleep? How do you get there? Because you literally started with imperfect action. Okay, bring me back on here wrong because here's what's going on guys. Now you have all the tools, okay, you know about the cycle of success. You know how to write viral songs, you know about publishing, you know about distribution and how to maximize your impact and your income through your music. But what are you going to do with it all now? You've got to take action. Well, Uncle Rick, I don't know how to do it. I don't know. But guess what? I don't want to hear whining. I just want to see action. You know, the cycle of success. Where do you start? You start with number one, you start writing songs. What do you do after you write a song you sing it live? What do you do after you've seen it live a whole bunch of times you get ready to record what do you do after you and you just do the cycle of success? I've given you all the tips. Okay, but here's the thing. If you don't believe that you can do it. You can't because like I said at the beginning of today's session, if you fight for your limitations, you get to keep them okay, let me break this down for y'all real quick. If you fight for your limitations, you get to keep them okay, let me break this down for y'all. Genesis Chapter Three God put a garden in the in the earth and he called the Eden Okay, Eden stands for provision. Protection and pleasure. Okay, Genesis chapter three, God put a garden in the earth. And he said it's called Eden. Eden means provision protection and pleasure. And here's what God said. Hey, Adam and Eve. You guys can eat freely if you're taking notes, just copy everything I'm putting down here okay. You guys can eat freely of every tree Okay. Notice here God said they could freely eat from every tree. I need to I need to hear from some people in the comments here. Whether you're in VIP or if you're in general session. In the comments. Let me ask you a question. Are the words freely and every are those abundance words? Or are they lack words? Let me know. Let me know in the comments. The word freely and every are those abundance words or are they lack words? Let me know in the comments. Abundance words that's right abundance abundance abundance. So here's what happened God actually we do it on this way. I did on this guy. God said y'all can eat freely from every tree in the garden. I'm going to help you guys because the reason why some of y'all are not going to the next level. In your worship songwriting is because of what I'm about to show you. Okay? So freely in every these are abundance words. Oops, abundance words. Okay. But here's what happened in Genesis three. The Bible says the serpent came over to Eve and said this has gotten us say, has gotten us said that you can't eat. And Satan changed the words he said, from any tree. You got to be careful with who you're listening to. Because God set up abundance and the enemy instantly. Got you got Eve to start focusing on lack. Now that's not what God said. God didn't say they can't eat from any tree.

[1213:22] Speaker 0: Right? What did God say? God said this. God said Adam and Eve. In my place of provision in my place of pleasure in my place of protection, you can eat freely from every tree, but then God said this, except for the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. Let me ask you guys a question in the comments. I need someone talking with me right now. Is the word the a lack word, or an abundance word. We see abundance in freely in every is the lack word or abundance word. Lack. That's right. The word the it's a lack word. Okay. It's, it's the one thing. So God said, Look, you can eat from every tree, except for the tree. Okay. Now, here's the thing, the enemy comes in and goes, Wait, wait, hey, Eve, come over here. Didn't God say you can't eat from any tree? Here's what the enemy wants to do. Okay? Every limitation that you're telling yourself why you can't do this. Everything that you're telling yourself, man, I don't know if I can get my music out there. I don't know if my songs are good enough. I don't know if this stuff that Rick's and Adam is teaching me if it's really worth it or not, like isn't really going to work. If you keep fighting for your limitation, you get to keep them. And here's what happens. God has put so much abundance around you. But the problem is is just like the serpent did with Eve, the serpent is trying to get you to focus on what you lack. Can I break it down for y'all even more? Okay? Watch this. You got Adam and Eve down here? Okay, there's Adam will give evil. A little do okay. Here is the problem. When you focus on the one thing that you lack in order for even Adam to focus on the one thing that they lacked, you got you know what, God set us up with abundance. But we're going to focus on the one thing that we lack. And in order for Adam and Eve, to get to the one thing that they lacked, they had to walk around all of this abundance, just to get to the one thing that they liked. My question to you is, are you going to focus on what you lack? Are you going to focus on your limitations? Or are you going to focus on the abundance that God has given to you? Are you going to focus on the destiny that God has called you to? Am I helping anybody just wave at me my peeps, if you're getting help today, wave me wave at me if you're getting helped. Drop some fire emojis in the comments. If you're getting help today. Listen, you got to start taking some imperfect action, y'all. You got to start taking some imperfect action. Let me end with this thought today. Okay, because we got to jump over for those who applied to work with Adam and I. I'm about to go do another session with y'all privately here in just a second. But let me end with this today. Okay. In my pocket here in my pocket here, let me throw this back up here. In my pocket. I've got a $100 bill. It's a 100. And I've got a penny. Okay, y'all ready to interact with me here? I need some interaction because I'm about to teach y'all something. Okay. How many already? Let me know in the comments. Say I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Talk to me here y'all. I got a $100 bill. And I've got a penny. Okay. Now this $100 Bill, let's say that this $100 bill represents your A abundance. Okay, so what is this $100 Bill represent? I want you in the comments to say my abundance represents my abundance, your abundance, what is this $100 Bill represent to you guys? Drop it in the comments, my abundance, my abundance, my abundance, okay? Now what does this penny represent here, this penny will represent my lack, I want you in the comments to say, My lack this penny represents my lack, my lack My lack, okay? My abundance. My lack. Now, here's what most people do. Okay?

[1290:05] Speaker 0: Most people, they are focusing on their lack even though their abundance is within arm's reach. Okay, but here's the problem. Let me ask you a question.

[1295:16] Speaker 0: Can you hide your abundance behind your lack? No way, right? Like, you're abundant. This $100 Bill is worth 10,000 times more than this penny. Right? Can you hide it behind the abundance? No, the abundance is too big. You can't hide the abundance behind the lack. Right? But here's what most people do. They get their lack, they get their limitations in their eyesight like this. And God is saying, look, the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Your abundance, your provision, your ability, not your limitation. It's all within your hand. It's all within an arm's length. Now I need y'all to coach me. Can y'all coach me on here? How many of you guys and gals are going to help me here? Okay, I need you to coach me. And I need you guys. VIPs you guys can unmute for this. Okay. Those in general session, drop it in the comments here. Okay, I'm gonna say I need you guys to coach me. I'm gonna say I need sorry, I need you guys to say Rick, grab your abundance. Okay. Go ahead, say Rick, grab your abundance.

[1314:23] Speaker 0: Grab your book. It's right in front of you. It's right in front of you.

[1317:14] Speaker 0: But then I say, but then I say this. What abundance are you guys talking about? Say the one right in front of you. The one right in front of you, one right in front of you. The one right in front of you, right? All right, VIPs muted up.

[1321:44] Speaker 7: Right in front of you.

[1322:44] Speaker 0: Someone say move the penny, drop it in the common say move the penny, move the penny. Here's what most people do, okay? They are focused, their perspective is on what they can't do. It's on their lack. And because you're focused so intently on what you lack and what you can't do. You cannot see the abundance and the provision that is literally within hand right in front of you. Guys, listen, this whole challenge. This whole challenge has been about getting you to realize that if you keep your focus on what you lack, you can't see the abundance and the ability and the opportunity that's right in front of you. Am I helping somebody drop some fire emojis if you're getting helped today. Because you focus on what you lack, you think the thing that you lack is more significant than the thing of abundance that is in front of you. And here's the thing, if you've always had this penny, if you've always had the thing that you lack right there, in your perspective, it doesn't even look like a penny to you. It just looks like well, this is how it's always been. I'm never going to be able to get my music out there. I'm never going to be able to make it my songs aren't good enough. And you just use limit yourself to this. They can Well, this is just how it's always been. But guess what? Your abundance. It's within reach, it's at hand. Here's what I want to bless y'all with today. Okay. I want to encourage you guys, I want to challenge you guys. This is the last challenge of the week that I want to give to those here, especially in general session. To VIPs here's one of the last challenges I want to give you guys this week. If you continue to limit yourself by keeping your perspective on the things that you lack, on your inabilities on that Well, I don't know Is this gonna work or not? I don't know. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if my songs are good enough. I don't have enough money. I don't have enough connections. If you keep fighting for those you get to keep them. I want to challenge you guys to go for it to move the penny and reach out and grab the ability the above On mince and the favor that God has called you guys and gals to do, especially when it comes to launching your worship music Adam and I have given you guys a roadmap this week. Now it's up to you to go forward, to not get into your head not get into analysis paralysis, but to start taking imperfect action because you're a man of faith, you're a woman of faith. And if you're a man or a woman of faith, then you've got to start activating that faith by taking action. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, here's here's the deal. Okay, a couple of quick announcements if you applied to work with Adam and I, you have been emailed a link to a separate room, where I'm going to show you right now exactly how Adam and I can help you guys advance your life and go to the next level. Okay, go check. If you don't know where it's at, in your email, check your spam folder, it might be in there, but it has been emailed to you guys. Okay. So go get the link for that and join me in the breakout room. For those of you guys and gals who did not apply. It's okay. Uncle Rick still loves you. But guess what? For 100% of people in the challenge, we're doing a bonus session tomorrow. Somebody say tomorrow in the comments tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow. 11am Central Standard Time. Okay, we've sent you guys the information for that as well. I love you guys. Bless you. Thank you so much for joining Adam and I, I hope you've been blessed this week. All of you guys and gals who applied we'll see you in just a few moments. Love you guys.

