wIsa8fuSWWRkGiZQ7NPy_Day_5_Breakout_Session
Date: 2022-08-05T21:27:17.000Z
Duration: 30 min
Otter ID: 7uolv_FjjfoSPU6EVOoxFut_wEo
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: Clap for yourselves. Go ahead, go ahead and go. Right? Yeah, yeah. Okay, here's what we're gonna do, guys. We're going to show you guys Adam and I have put together an incredible offer of how we can help you go to the next level in your songwriting journey. And I just want to say I am so proud of each and every one of you because you guys are saying, You know what, I'm ready to go to the next level. I'm ready to get the coaching the mentorship needed to help launch me to my destiny. And guys, here's the punchline. Adam and I believe that Adam and I are going to be able to take you by the hand and lead you to the worship artistry worship song Promised Land. All right, so if you're an action taker on the count of three, write it in the comments say I'm an action taker. 123 say I'm an action taker. I'm an action taker. I'm an any action takers in the room right now. I'm an action taker. Alright guys, so we have put together something incredible for you guys, ROM a few. Whenever we get a second, go ahead and pull it up. Guys, we have a program, everyone's going to share it with everybody on the screen here. We have a program guys, and it is called the inner circle. Okay, this right here, I'm not just saying this. This is literally one of the most incredible, incredible, incredible programs in worship and publishing on the planet. And I honestly would say it's probably the best on the planet because this specific program, you literally cannot get this level of service coaching help excetera anywhere else on the planet. You guys have been hearing from our inner circle students all week long. Most of them I didn't even know they're going to be on they glitter just popped on. This is the best thing ever. Woohoo. And either we're telling the truth. And we have all these testimonies that people are telling the truth, or everybody's lying, crying and testifying some out right. So here's what we got for y'all. Okay, this is called the inner circle. Okay. For those who are accepted into the inner circle, here's what we're going to do for y'all. Okay. Number one, if you're accepted to the inner circle, we're going to provide for you guys and gals an exclusive publishing administration deal with watershed Music Group, okay. What this basically means is you get to keep 100% of your royalties and ownership of your songs. But it's the same kind of administration and service that we have provided for 70 Gretz, anchor, Maverick city, Jeremy rental, and a bunch of others. Okay, so the same service that they have received from us, we will literally provide it for those who are in our inner circle, guys, this is literally mind blowing this alone. This alone to have this kind of publishing deal available to y'all is literally out of control. Okay, so we're gonna give you a publishing deal, you'll get to keep 100% of your royalties 100% of your ownership of your song. Same way, we've served all of some of your favorites, okay. Also in the inner circle, those who are accepted, they get direct access to over 3000 venues and festivals that will pay you to come sing and perform your song. I need about 15 people in the comments to drop the two words, get paid, get paid, get paid, y'all listen, you don't have to be a starving artist. You could be a starving artist, okay? God said My people will shine like the stars in the heavens. You don't gotta starve. You can star y'all. And so what Adam and I have done we have compiled a list of over 3000 venues, honestly, it's over 3400. We have compiled 3400 Plus venues and festivals. Here's how that works. Okay. There are so many venues, festivals, places that are they're sitting on budgets, that they want to pay artists to come. They don't care if you're Christian, they don't care if your worship, they don't care if you're hip hop singer, songwriter, reggae, whatever. They're looking for people to come and sing at their venues. And a lot of times the city has given them big budgets. And they're big enough budgets. They can't afford say Beyonce, they can't afford Eminem, but they can afford you. And guys, this is crazy. I've literally talked to people who've used our lists. There's been one gal she got booked for a $3,000 show quote unquote, ministry time, and they're like, Yo, we got 3000 bucks. We'll gladly have you come. I mean, it's insane. It's insane. Guys, what if just a couple of those peeps got back to you and said, Yo, we'd love to have you come. All of a sudden you're on tour. Whoa, but how many y'all would like that? Come on, drop some fire emojis, drop some fire emojis. Okay, so not only we're gonna give you the access to the venues and festivals, guys, Adam and I have compiled a list of 3800 plus playlists, somebody say playlists and that want to feature your songs and help your music go viral, y'all kinda like these venues, okay? There are playlists 1000s of playlists out there who are looking for new music. And they're just hoping somebody could provide music to them. But the problem is, is peeps don't know how to reach out to them. But your uncle Rick, and Adam, we got you guys covered. So we provide you guys, the 3800 playlists. Okay, let me let me break it down for you imagine this. Let's say you start emailing and contacting these people with your brand new single, okay? What if just a small percentage got back to you? Right? What if like, five or 10% got back to you. And all of a sudden you're on 300 playlists? How many of y'all think that would help your music go viral wave at me my peeps, come on, wave me wave at me. They don't care about your skin color. They don't care about your age, they don't care about your genre. They're just looking for content. We provide that for you guys. Okay, let's keep moving on here. If you get accepted to the inner circle we also provide guys we have lost our mind by putting us on there I'm not gonna lie to y'all. If you get accepted we provide for you guys an exclusive worldwide distribution deal. Somebody say distribution deal in the comments distribution deal with watershed music group again, the same one we provided for some of your favorites. Okay. But here's the punchline guys. It's not just distribution for your music. We will also distribute your music videos. I am telling you right now as an independent artist, it is next to impossible to get your music on Apple Music As far as the videos right? We have a proposed a prop flip. We have a proprietary system on how we can hook y'all up. Because that's what uncle Reagan Adam, do. We hook y'all up. We get your music out there we get your music. No, this isn't like uploading your songs to CD Baby. Y'all give me a break. We got the high level for y'all. Okay, we're going to distribute your music and your music videos for you. Do you guys see the value of this? The publishing deal? It's worth 20k 3000 menus, it's worth 5030 800 playlists it's worth 5000 distribution did for your music and your music videos. 20,000. Okay, here's what else you get. Okay, if you're accepted, you get two years of royalty management.

[119:48] Speaker 0: guys think about this. I want you to imagine yourself writing songs, playing music going for it. And all you have to do after you write your songs, you just pass your stuff through our system, all while you're keeping 100% of your royalties 100% of your ownership. We don't take anything from you. All you do is write the songs, put it through our system. We handle your royalty management. We will distribute your music, your music videos, we're going to hook you guys up with publishing administration guys, this is out of control. And we're not going to do that just for one year. We're going to do that for two years. That's right there is where 20k Right there. Something I absolutely love about the inner circle. Every six months there is an n semi annual in person V VIP artists coaching mastermind. In fact, our next one is coming up in September. So for those of you who are accepted, I can't wait to hopefully see y'all here in Austin, Texas. We're going to be throwing down y'all. It's gonna be nuts. Okay, those masterminds guys. There's something about getting in the room. Somebody said get in the room in the comments. You got to get in the room, get in the room. There's one there. Listen, it's one thing to hear somebody's words. It's another thing to get in the room with the person and receive an impartation Okay, so we have our next mastermind coming up literally in September. If you're accepted, don't be sleeping on it. Okay, so to VIP artists, coaching masterminds if you're accepted we also do two annual so every six months, we do two in person co writing events. How many y'all would like to get in the room with hundreds of other like minded like our like hearted songwriters worship something? Yeah, we have hip hop artists. We got r&b peeps, we got worship peeps. We got folk peeps, they're in the building. They love God. They're anointed, they're fired up and you get access to all these peeps. I'm telling y'all we're about to go to the next level out of this community, y'all. That right there is where 10k Okay. One of our favorite things about the inner circle is twice a week. Myself, Adam carpenter and one of our amazing team members, David Willis. We do two weekly coaching sessions to just help you guys along your journey. We're coaching you guys on the DT knows we're coaching you guys on the nitty gritty. We're helping you guys get to the next level. Any specific question you have, all you got to do is log on and ask. And you literally have us at your fingertips twice a week. How many y'all would like some of that? How many y'all would like some of that, guys? That right there? That's where 10k Okay.

[165:40] Speaker 0: Of course, there's a private member's community. It's lit, y'all. Our inner circle peeps are on fire. It's absolutely out of control. We're having so much fun. Okay, here's where it starts getting really, really cool. Okay, if you're accepted into the inner circle, we are going to provide to y'all one year, someone say one year in the comments, a whole year worth of song reviews and constructive critiques. So the same way Adam and I've been able to coach some of your favorites, we will give you the same kind of coaching. Literally, I personally will listen to your songs and coach you, I would adjust this I would change the melody here. I would work on that and it's literally going to help you explode in your songwriting. Guys. We do that for the whole year. By the way, the inner circle is a one year program. Okay, so for the whole year, I'm going to be literally giving you song reviews and critiques coaching you and if you guys listened to our girl Kara today who jumped in the call, that's something we've been doing for her guys hurt songwriting has exploded. It's it's so fun. It's so fun. Let's keep going wrong. If you're accepted to the inner circle, you will also get access somebody say access in the comment. This is insane. Do y'all know it took me an atom a combined total of 40 years for 40 years combined total to get relationship with these top global worship songwriters, y'all. I'm talking about Steph and MAVs city and Jeremy rental, and gosh, Kierra. Sheard and all these different gospel artists, worship artists, etc, etc. We know almost every single one of them. And if you're accepted into the inner circle, you get access to our personal relationships with some of the top global worship songwriters and artists. How many of y'all think that a connection with one of the peeps that you look up to could potentially change your trajectory? Just a little bit? How many y'all think that just wave at me, my peeps, wave at me, my peeps. We provide that for you guys. If you're accepting to the internet, that's priceless. You can't put a price on that, right? You can't put a price on song reviews, right? You can't put a price on some of this stuff. If you're accepted into the inner circle, you get 24/7 access to myself and Adam via Marco Polo. If you don't know what Marco Polo is, it's a Video TEXT platform. You can ask any questions, whatever you want to myself and Adam. But here's the cool thing. The whole community is on Marco Polo. And we're absolutely fired up. Like guys, it's not just like, Hey, Adam and Rick, you could put a question into Marco Polo, and the community will jump and give you like 10 amazing answers per question. And then someone else asked a question and you give some I mean, guys, it is out of control. Literally, it's out of control. We have some of our inner circle peeps. They said Rick and Adam, look, we understand this is not a church, but this is the most lit church community we've ever had in our lives. We're having fun out here, y'all. That's what it's all about. Let's keep going here. Rob, if you're accepted into the inner circle, guys, this is my um, I lost my mind on this one. I just lost my mind. But you know, I want to bring y'all value. If you get accepted into the inner circle, I will personally promote your music to my online network of almost 1 million followers. Let me ask you a question. Just look at the camera right now. Look at the camera right now. Do you think getting your music promoted to a million people would help you just a little bit you think that helped just a little bit? Wave that me my peeps wave me my peeps. Would that help you? Yes, sir. Yes, yes, sir. Yes, yes, sir. Yes, let me know in the comments. You guys see how happy I'm getting I want to help you. Okay, that's priceless. You can't put a price on that guys.

[229:40] Speaker 0: If you're accepted into the inner circle, Adam and I are going to give you our personal contact list guys. This one is huge. This one is out of control. If you guys get accepted to inner circle Adam and I will give you our personal contact list of the top producers, mixers. Mastering guys and gals recording engineers, videographers and music lawyers in the industry guys literally, the videographers on here. The videos that you're seeing on map city social media right now you get access to those guys and gals. The people who mastered the new elevation worship you get you get access See those guys? The artists the engineers guys you get access to all these peeps who work on carry stuff and MAVs stuff, elevation. It's all yours again. It took me and Adam a combined total of 40 years to get these relationships. Now you get instant access. How many y'all think that can help you a little bit waving me my peeps, come on. Okay, so that's that's what you're going to get if you're accepted into the inner circle. But y'all, y'all know y'all could just call me uncle Ricky Winfrey. Because I got a bonus for you. You get a bonus and you get a bonus and you get a bonus and you get a bonus. I got more free roam. Let's bring up some of the bonuses here. Okay, I got three bonuses for y'all. Okay, bonus number one. If you're accepted in the inner circle, I'm going to throw in the Academy of worship, writing and publishing. You will get lifetime access to the recordings guys. This has been one of the most outstanding one of the most phenomenal academies we have ever done on worship song writing and publishing in the history of the planet and I'm not even exaggerating. Steph is on there. The hills are on their Chandler's on their carries on their Brandon Lake is on there. Leland is on their map city artists are on their Naomi's on there, guys, Aaron Moses, it's out of control. Out of control. How many y'all would like that? Yes, sir. Yes, yes, sir. Yes. Bonus number two, I got y'all hooked up. Okay. Of course that the academies worth about three grand Okay, bonus number two. If you're accepted into the music launch masters, sorry, if you're accepted to the inner circle, I am going to throw in. Now I literally told this to one of our team members and they were jaw dropped. They're like, No, you can't throw that. That's too much. That's too much. I said, No, no, no, no, we're throwing it in. Okay. If you're accepted into the inner circle, we're also going to give you access to the music launch master's program y'all. This program in the workbook it's an eight module college level program on how to successfully release your music without a record label. Feature myself Adam Carpenter, Jeremiah Krakowski, guys, it's a $7,000 module Sorry $7,000 course $7,000 program and people have paid Okay. Lastly, if you're accepted, I'm going to throw in a one year membership to worship coach it's my online library of over 850 lessons on all things related to worship and musicianship guys we have music lessons theology lessons we got events on here we got all kinds of stuff on there guys it's not just me myself is on their carries on their map of cities on their Bethel music's on their elevations on everybody's on there guys, and I will throw in a one year free membership. That way anytime of the day or night, wherever you're at, you can be streaming lessons learning, learning, learning from your favorites. Alright, so that is what I got for y'all. How many Y'all know what it costs? Wave it me wave at me wave at me wave at me how many guys want to know how much it is? But before I tell you that I have even more for you.

[290:48] Speaker 0: Let's keep going. For those who are action takers remember Y'all said I'm an action taker. I'm an action taker. How many action takers we got in the building wave at me wave at me. For those who are action takers, okay for the first eight people because remember, we are only accepting 36 students into this round of the inner circle. Only 36 students into this round. Okay. So for those who are fast action and you move within the next 24 hours if you jump in in the next 24 hours, I'm going to throw in number one this is amazing. I'm going to throw in my album launch deep dive recordings okay, what is the album launch deep dive here's what it is okay, so for the past 15 years I've put out nine different chart topping albums y'all know I'm not boasting that's just what happened okay? The recordings Okay, I did a whole entire I believe was an eight week course eight week coaching, where I walk you through me and Adam walk you through the step by exact step by step process that we use for the launch of our music and our clients music everything from starting the project setting the budget recording, mixing, mastering, marketing, paying the players royalty publishing, all of it literally step by step by step. We literally break everything down for y'all for those first eight people who jump in in the next 24 hours. We're going to hook you guys up with that bonus as well. And I got one more bonus for y'all. Romo shown the last bonus here. For those who are action takers only the first eight people for those who are action takers. I'm also going to throw in the songwriters Launchpad live mastermind recording guys we just did an in person mastermind When people paid hundreds and even 1000s of dollars to be there, it was absolutely incredible life changing. People wish they could get in the building, but they couldn't. Unless they paid. I'm going to hook y'all up for the first eight people the fastest action takers. I'm going to hook y'all up guys at this at this mastermind. We literally pulled back the curtain. We pull back the curtain and we gave you guys the game. Okay, guys, this one right here. It's worth five grand. Here's the thing, guys. All of this together along with the coaching along with the distribution along with everything you get, it's going to provide you the fastest results possible possible. How many? How many of y'all want fast results? Let me know in the comments. Just write the two words fast results, fast results, fast results, fast results. Guys, our program you heard one of our inner circle students say this past week, I didn't even ask him to do it. He said, Listen, you're going to get fast results. Guys, we're literally going to take you from zero to 100 in hardly any time at all. Okay, listen, this whole entire program, guys, it's worth over $120,000

[338:56] Speaker 0: It's worth $120,000. But I'm not going to charge you 120 Okay, this program actually sells for about $25,000 room, you can you can bring it up here. 25k. But here's the thing, if you attended saw us if you attended the challenge this week, and you applied to work with me an Adam, and you get accepted. You can get this whole entire program for 50% off of the everyday price 25 You can jump in for 12,500 bucks. It includes the whole entire year, everything I just laid out for y'all. But here's the thing. Y'all are not making a $12,500 decision today. You can get started right now, for a $1,000 deposit room shown right there. If you want to jump in, here's how it works. Okay, you get your deposit in, and then we're going to take care of the rest for you. Yes, we got payment plans for you guys. Okay, here's the cool part Rome keep going down a little bit. For those of you guys and gals who want to pay everything upfront, I got even more of a discount for you. If you want to pay everything upfront, we're going to knock another 10% off. So that way, it's only 10k for the whole entire year. Again, you're not making those big decisions right now you're making a $1,000 decision right now. Okay. So you could either pay in front right here or we got a payment plan for you guys. Okay, Rome shown on the payment plan there. If you sign up for the payment plan, it is right there on the payment plan, go and highlight it, bring it bring it up for me. Payment Plan is 12 payments of 950 bucks a month. Guys, this is out of control for what you get. You guys just saw everything that you get our students are raving, guys. There it is right there. Okay, so ROM, you can go ahead and drop the link in the chat. If you guys want to get started. We're going to drop the link in the chat right now. Okay, we're emailing you guys and gals right now as well as I speak. There it is, guys. Here's your chance. Here's your opportunity. If you've been praying for a mentor, if you've been praying for a coach, right here, now's your opportunity. Okay. Let me tell you guys, guys and gals this okay, the doors are closing Monday, the doors are closing Monday if we don't sell out because there's only 36 spots. Okay, I'm already seeing people already jumping off right now to go get their deposit in. Okay. As soon as those 36 spots are taken, the doors will close period. But if the doors don't close before those spots are taken, the doors will or sorry, if if those 36 spots don't sell out. Then Monday, at at midnight, the doors are going to close for everybody. Okay, and here's the thing, Ron, you can bring me on screen here. Here's the thing, guys. I'm not trying to convince you guys to do this. Okay, this is a fit thing. If you already know that this is the fit for you, then jump in. If you know that this is not the fit for you, then don't buy it. Honestly, like I don't want you guys to get into any trouble. But I do know that there's a bunch of guys and gals on here. This could be life changing for you. Okay, so the link one more time. It's launcher music now.com/deposit. Get your deposit in. And I can't wait to see y'all in the program. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to take just a few moments. If you have any questions about any of this, raise your hand right now I'm going to take just probably another five more minutes and answer some questions. If you have any questions at all. Any questions at all? Go ahead and lift your hand. Any questions at all? You got questions about the price you got questions about what you get you got questions about the payment plan. You got any questions at all? Someone said are the annual masterminds and CO writing events recorded and available for people who don't live in the US Yes, of course. If the if you can't make it, it's no problem at all. We got you. We'll stream you in. It's all good. Rom bring on some questions. Here we go. I think we had Wendy but she Oh, did she? That's okay. Anybody else? going once going twice? There it is, guys. There it is. Okay, go check it out guys launch music now.com/deposit Someone said what happens if we can't follow up with payments, then you'll be removed from from the program. It's it's literally that simple. If you can't follow through, you'll be removed. Okay. But here's the thing when you get your deposit in, as soon as you get your deposit in, you get instant access to all of this. You get instant access to everything just by getting your deposit in. Okay? Again, you're making a $1,000 decision today. Not all of that other stuff. Make it take action right now. Okay, that's what you need to do. Anyways, guys, if it's for you take it if it's not cool. Hope to see a bunch of you guys and gals in the inner circle. Love y'all bless you. Let me see here.

[417:02] Speaker 0: Someone said, Can we pray as a group right now for God's provision? Sure, Lord, we're asking for provision to be unlocked for every single person in here. And that's it, Lord. Amen. Guys, here's the thing. Y'all have laptops. Y'all have guitars. Y'all have keyboard, Java and iPhone. Right? You made that happen. People make what happened with the value. Okay. Let's see. Someone said can you speak more on the world to manage IT management? Yes. So basically what we do, you get your songs over to our system. We get everything through our system, we distribute. We get it all going when the royalties start coming in. We make sure we collect all the royalties that are yours. And then we get you 100% of your royalties. We don't keep any of those royalties. Ram good and bring out a couple of the questions real quick. Are we got Sondra? I think it's Sonia. Hey, Sonia, what's up?

[432:00] Speaker 1: I just wanted to ask the question of clarity around the fast action bonus number two, I just wasn't clear about the songwriters, Launchpad live mastermind recording, if you wouldn't mind just kind of clarifying that. I appreciate it.

[436:00] Speaker 0: Yeah, we recently had an in person events where people paid a whole bunch to be in the room. So all of the I think it's like 10 Different in person trainings that we did. It's the recordings from that. That's one of the fast action bonuses. Is that help? Yep. Perfect. Rome. Couple more questions, then we'll move on. We got me lo. Mila. Let's go.

[442:38] Speaker 1: Hello, good evening. What's up, brother? How are you? I'm fine. I just want to out for those that are not in the US, as I personally be in the UK.

[447:00] Speaker 0: How is it gonna be easy with all these programs? That's not a weak place. We have a bunch of we have a bunch of international students, bro. We got students from Ireland, we got students from UK, we got students from Africa, we got students everywhere, man, people. Here's the thing, guys, if you want to make it happen, you'll make it happen no matter where you live. And the beauty of all this is a lot of it is done digitally. And then of course we have some in person events. So guys, like I said, it's a fit thing. It's a fit thing. Either it's for you or it's not if it's not, don't buy it. I'm not trying to I'm not trying to talk to you guys in anything. Okay, I'm just showing you guys what we have available Rome. Couple more questions, and we're good. Let's see here. Someone said, Does this pertain with working to you and Adam personally? Yes. Like I said, you know, twice a week we're doing coaching calls. Of course everything is in a group like we're not going to be on the phone with you. You know, at you know, two in the morning, me and Adam personally on the phone with you? Of course not. We can't do that we have hundreds of students. But everything is done in a group setting and you absolutely have access to ask me questions directly. Adam questions directly. David Willis directly. So yes, you have access to us in the group? Yes. All right. There we go, guys, we dropped the link for you. So guess what we're telling you guys, if you're in this room, you have been accepted. If you're in this room, you have been accepted. Okay, we've just dropped the link for you guys. If you're in this room, you've been accepted. So go for it right now. Any other questions? Last call on the questions? launcher music now.com/deposit Jump in to the inner circle. Right. Alright guys, love you guys. Bless you. Thank you so much. We'll see everybody on tomorrow's bonus call hurry. The doors are closing Monday at midnight. Fast Action. There's only eight spaces available for y'all. Love you guys. We'll see you tomorrow.

