Offer Launchpad 2-Day Expereince
Date: 2022-10-28T21:32:50.000Z
Duration: 65 min
Otter ID: nwZP3Id60_TOJ09FfRnVzzdGjJ0
---

[24:39] Speaker 0: Family Dollar We know you want more to enjoy your summer that's why you'll find more in every store everything you need to treat and refresh your family like our assortment of ice cream, frozen treats, snacks and drinks from the brands you love and everything else if things get a little messy like cleaning supplies and laundry products all in one convenient place great value Family Dollar helping you do More.

[71:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everybody Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Welcome Welcome Welcome to the offer Launchpad. Listen, I'm excited. I'm excited to work with you today. I'm excited to to share with you what lost my camera here. Bring it back up. I'm excited to share with you what it's going to take for you to launch your offers and to get them out there. Here's The thing is, if by the end of these two days and going through this, and listen, a lot of people are new in this program, you're all part of the client growth accelerator, or you purchased a ticket to the offer Launchpad over the last 48 hours. So welcome. Welcome to this. My goal is this is I want to bring transformation to people. And I want to help, whether you're watching the recording of this, because I know that a lot of our members are going to watch the recording, not everybody's on live, whether you're watching the recording of this or not, or you're here on live, that by the end of this experience, that you experience, a change and a transformation yourself both in your mindset, what you do what you know to do, and the courses in the members area of client growth accelerator are amazing. They walk you through step by step how to do everything, but we're gonna get into the weeds. And this is going to be a working environment, a working coaching together, where we're going to be working together, on getting you from where you are to where you want to be. And so I'm actually not going to be selling anything in this, there's nothing for sale. You guys already know what I offer, you already know that I offer one on one coaching, that's kind of the that's kind of the only level above the client growth accelerator that I do offer. If you purchased a ticket to this event, and you want to join the client growth accelerator, write to me at my contact, and we can get you a link to join because you at least took a step and said you know what, I want to work more with Jeremiah, I want to be a part of this, I'll allow you to kind of skip the line and skip the waiting list to be able to, to join those of you that that did. So that was my whole sales pitch for the entire next two days. Now we can kind of breathe and realize like this is not to sell you on anything this is to bring change in your life. Every single one of you has a vision. Or at least you started with a vision. And we need to never forget our original vision. We need to never forget what our goal is. And we need to constantly remember in our mind why we got started. See, here's what happens. You get a vision. And this is what's always has happened since the beginning of time is you get a vision or an idea of where you want to go. And then life happens. And I get it life happens. And I want to honor that fact. And I think one of the number one things that prevents people from launching in their business is they're looking at what they're doing and they're being self critical. The fact that they're not doing what they want to do this is actually counterproductive to what's going to help you move forward and get stuff done. Before we go into that is your first time hearing from me. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been helping coaches, trainers, mentors, authors, speakers for the last 19 years, find their dream clients and scale businesses to 10s of millions of dollars online. And doing events like this all day events for two days. This is actually how I got my start in the in the business of the company that I they were a client originally. And then I ended up getting employed by them was Danny johnson.com. And they would do two day events, they were called First Steps to Success. And I saw the transformation that would come out of two day events like that when people get into an immersive atmosphere where you're focused for two days. And what comes out of that is more than just going through a course is more than just hopping on a q&a call. Okay. And so even if you're watching the the the cute you know this event, if you're watching this event live, if you're a part of this, if you've just joined us, or you're watching the recordings, this is everything will build upon itself, everything will build step by step upon itself. Okay. And so with that, here's, here's what I'll say.

[149:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just a second, I'm trying to let some people in the room in the Zoom Room right here you need to remember why you got started what your vision is. And here's the thing if you're asking me questions right now, I'm not going to be responding to them. I'm not going to be looking at them. I'm focused on on the teaching that we're doing and so don't feel that I'm ignoring you or that your question doesn't matter. There will be time where we will do that. Okay. If you want to have anybody join you, I mean, here's the thing, just send the Zoom link to whoever you want to join. they can jump in if you're on here. And you want to share this with somebody, just send them the Zoom link, okay. When I got started, we did two day events that brought transformation to people's lives. And the reason why is because when you go through a course, when you go through a five day event, it's different than being immersed in a room for just a couple of days together. For just two days together, it's a different focus. And this is actually how my mom and I got our start in this business was being in a two day event with Danny Johnson, we were able to learn for two days to grow to discover what was holding us back what was stopping us, the truth is all the strategies and the step by step are in the members area. In the client growth accelerator, if you're in there, literally everything that you need to do in your business is in there. And so you could just not even be on here today, and launch your business. But the reason why I'm doing an event like this is because there's nuances that that that hold people back, there are roadblocks, I don't want anybody to experience roadblocks that are stopping them by the end of these few days. Okay. And so it starts with, again, going back to your vision of why you started, why you got started, why you want to build a business like this. And your reason why needs to be bigger than I need to pay my bills, I need to make money, I understand that's a reality, you need to pay your bills, but you will never make money to pay your bills, if that is your reason for building a business. When I say that you need to make a lot of money in a business. That can't be your goal is to make a lot of money, you will make zero money making making money your goal. Because it's not sustainable to do that. multimillionaires and billionaires get richer by making money, their goal because they worked through what people who are getting started, have already dealt with. And this is one of the biggest problems that I see that a lot of people make, that stops them from getting to six figures as they're using the mentality of millionaires to get to six figures. The way that a millionaire thinks that's going to get them to 2 million and 5 million and 10 million is not the thinking process that's going to get you from zero to six figures. And I wish somebody told me that years ago, because I thought that well you just do it the millionaires are doing and then you get there. That's only part true. Because what most people miss is the journey. So if you meet a millionaire or you meet a six figure income earner, okay. You're missing this whole process that they did to get there. If you're just doing what they're doing at this moment in time, or what they did at this moment in time, and this is why when when millionaires try to mentor people that are just getting started, most of them haven't mapped out what it takes to go from zero, they haven't mapped out what actually got them from zero to that point. But that's what I've spent the last 19 years doing is mapping out what gets people from zero to this point. Because I know that if I can help somebody get from zero, to making $2,000 in a business $4,000. And here's the thing, the money that you make is only an indicator of your actions. That's it. You can't make it be the goal at all, but it's an indicator of your growth. So for me, when growing in my business, we were doing $2,000 A month in our course and coaching business consistently for about three years, as soon as I grew

[227:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: mentally, internally, strategically. Within six months, we went up to six figures, and then three months later, multiple six figures. But there's a process to get there. And so the goal of this weekend is to help close the gap for you in what it takes to get there. And what it takes to get there. And the number one thing is to have a vision for where you're going to see it before it happens. And there's a juxtaposition, meaning holding, I'm not sure if this is the dictionary definition but you want to hold two opposing ideals in Your mind at the same time, a lot of what I teach actually requires you to grow to be able to hold two entirely opposite ideas at the same time in your mind. And not let either of them sway you to too far to one side or the other. But to balance both of them, the most successful people that I know can balance those two things. So for instance, two opposing ideals, not making the income and the money, your main goal, while making, making as much money as possible, your main action focus, those things sound like they are directly in opposition to each other. And yet, when you can hold those two ideas in your mind at the same time, you'll start to grow. And they're not in opposition to each other. Because it's how you look at the world. It's where you're, it's where your energy is going. If you are focused on what's not working in your life, you will get more of what's not working. Your life will produce more of what is not going how you want. So I need to pay my bills, I'm struggling financially, I need to bring in money to survive. If that's your focus, you will amplify that situation in your life. And so we need to pay attention to where are we putting our focus? This is the this is one of the number one things that will will move you from your situation to where you want to be. Are you focusing on? what's currently going on in your life? Or do you have vision for where you're headed? Now, here's another opposing ideal that you need to hold in your mind. Focusing on where you're headed, while simultaneously being extremely present in the present moment, with your actions, what you're capable of accepting the present outcome, not being disappointed and things not being that way. And so again, these are two ideas that seem to oppose each other, how can I focus on where I'm going, and yet be present? As you grow, these are, these are mindsets to grow into. One of the biggest things that holds us back is only focusing on our current situation and believing that things will never change. Believing that things will always be how they are currently, right now. One of the other things that will greatly limit your ability to grow your income is to believe that you have the ability to control other people to change situations. To believe that you have the ability to make people do what you want them to do. To make situations go your way. Again, sounds like two opposing ideas, right? Sounds like two opposing outcomes. Here's the thing, if you have $44 billion, you can tell a social media platform CEO and staff to leave and now you're the new owner of the company. How many of you don't have $44 billion. It's different. That's a different game. A billionaire and a millionaire can hire people to do work for them. And there's a contractual obligation that they will do that. And so does that oppose what I just said that you can't control people? This is why you got to literally break up with logical thinking. When it comes to building a business. Black and white thinking of well, you just said I can't control people. But then you said that a millionaire can make people do what they want by paying them Jeremiah,

[304:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: speak the truth. I am. You're you're not here yet. And so you literally are incapable of of hiring people. For 5000 tend to unless you have a million dollars, then great, that's awesome. You need to hire people right away to start doing that stuff. But you have to realize that any choice that people make is because they chose to do it. If somebody has chosen to join your coaching program, if somebody has chosen to become a client of yours, if somebody chooses to be employed by a millionaire, that's still their choice. And yes, we can go into the nuances of of, you know, well, are they being manipulated by money? Are they being controlled by this? Are we persuading people? And persuasion is a huge part of it. Learning to persuade people in 2023. Because we're almost at 2023. Honestly, I can't even be talking about 2022. Now, because most of you, you're going to make your money in 2023. It is a requirement that you know how to persuade people that you know how to sell to people. 10 years ago, you could launch something on the internet and not have very good persuasive skills. Persuasion is not controlling people. It is influencing somebody's decision making process, who is already wanting to make that decision. And that's the big indicator. That's the big difference. But we have to break up with black and white thinking we have to break up with logic minded thinking of well, it's one way or the other and realize that reality is literally holding two opposing ideas at the same time, that seem to conflict with each other and finding the truth in the middle of those things. And that is what if you ever have met a millionaire? Or you're hearing from somebody who's built eight figure businesses that is earning a multi six figure income? What got me from zero or from $2,000 a month, up to that level? What is that process? One of the biggest parts of that process is learning that how things are right now that how things are today is not how they will always be. And learning that I can create an income. Anytime that I want to learning that what my income is today is a direct reflection of my choices. Not any outside influence, not the economy, not who's president, not who I'm married to. Not who I'm friends with, that I am personally responsible for that. And now your logical mind might say, well, Jeremiah, isn't your message that who you hang out with influences you? Absolutely, you know, you need to understand that the world and reality is not black and white, black and white thinking comes from fear, worry, insecurity, trying to find certainty in a world of complete uncertainty. And that's one of the number one things to realize that will take you from zero to six figures, there is no such thing as certainty. There is no such thing as no risk, there is no such thing as guarantees. Whether you work a job, whether you're employed, there's no such thing as you being guaranteed that something will happen. When you realize that and you learn to accept that and you read and you realize that there's a lot of stuff that goes on, that success actually happens in chaos, not certainty. That success actually happens outside of your comfort zone. So all of us have a comfort zone. All of us have a zone in our life of what we are comfortable to do. This, the comfort zone, I would be willing to bet is could also be called the certainty zone. And the certainty zone is where we feel safe, where things are predictable, where we know what's going to happen. Everything that's gonna get you

[384:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: from where you're on right now with your income to where you want to be, is outside of the certainty zone. And this is what I like to call the chaos zone. The mess zone where things aren't gonna go perfect, or things aren't going to go your way where you don't have control of things. That's where your income is. And most of us have been taught our whole life, to seek out certainty to seek out safety, to always do what is safe, to be conservative, to not take risks to not step out. And there are people that I believe aren't meant to go outside of their certainty zone. They're just they They are incapable of doing so. They never will no matter how hard they try, they can't. And and, and they probably will spend their whole life in this area serving somebody else's vision serving somebody else's goals. But I believe that if you're on this call today, you were born to be a leader. Somebody who leads people when we use the word leader, what words come to mind when we think of the word leader? What words come to mind when we think of the word leader if you want to post in the chat, let me know fearless in influencer balance how many people are better off because I've lived strong? Advocate serving, emotionally mature. And what's awesome as I'm in a room of people that understand somewhat what leadership is, but Dana was the one that really broke it down. Leadership is about serving. Not about making people do what you want, not about changing their life, not about influencing them. Not about boldness or fearless Ness, it's about serving. It's about being willing to do what most people are not willing to do. Being willing to go into the chaos zone when everybody else runs away from it. To say, You know what, there's something else out here. What are we pioneering? What new ground are we taking? What new territory are we stepping into going where nobody else has gone before. And then we set out to build a business coaching, course creation, mentorship, which by the way, are all methods of leadership. If you're going to sell somebody on your course, or on your coaching program, you are inviting them into your leadership. And so that requires us to pave new ground that requires us to go into the chaos zone that requires us to leave the comfort zone. And this is what most people will never do. This is why most people have dreams of making money. And never do. Because they refuse to leave their certainty zone. They refuse to go into the chaos. So they want all the benefits of leadership. By the way, leadership includes there are benefits you a leader will influence a leader will impact people's lives. A leader will make people's lives better, or they will make their lives worse. I mean, there are also leaders like Adolf Hitler, that made people's lives worse. And to say that he wasn't a leader is ridiculous, because he rallied people around him to follow him. And we need to understand that that leadership is not just tied to

[462:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: good or bad. Leadership is not just tied to our version of it. But it always has to do with going into the unknown and serving, going into the uncertain territory. And what happens in the uncertain territory, you get judged, you get told that you're that you're a bad person, you get told that you're disobedient you get told that you should stay in your lane. You get told that you are making an unwise choice. We have these beliefs in our minds and our family and our friends tells us to do this. Listen, if you're on this again, I may have triggered or upset some people by correlating you guys to Adolf Hitler. I'm not saying to be like him at all. What I'm saying is leadership has to do with serving other people's desires. The truth is I've actually studied Hitler a lot because is, how did he get so many people to rally behind something so evil? They wanted it. He gave the audience what they wanted. And this is why many people have to come face to face with feeling like when they're marketing that these methodologies can be used for evil. Because they can be. When you understand leadership, when you understand marketing, when you understand communication, when you understand persuasion, these tools can be used for the greatest of evil, or the greatest of good. Does that make the tools inherently evil, to some people in our culture, they would try to convince you that they would, that if a tool can be used for evil than it is evil. That's a huge message that's in our culture today is if it has the potential to be misused, that it must never be used. I don't agree with that. I believe that if you feel called to make money, as a course creator, as a coach, as a mentor, as an author, as a trainer, then you owe it to the people that you are serving to learn everything you can about persuasion, everything you can about influencing people with the words that you said, everything that you can about finding people that you're meant to impact learning everything that you can, about leaving your comfort zone, everything that you can about walking in that uncertain territory. Now, if you're in the client growth accelerator, you are in a cocoon, in an environment where there is way more certainty than you going out on your own. Don't get logical about that and start saying so you're saying the client growth accelerator is unhealthy for me, and I won't make any money because it's a zone where I might get some certainty. That's just ridiculous thinking to even think that way. But that's what the logical mind will lead us to do. That's why we have to break up with logic. When it comes to how do we reach our customers. Making offers is about emotion. It's about influencing emotion, you cannot use the logical mind to influence people with your offers to take action. What you will do is you will trigger the emotional aspect of your target customer or client and have logic together. But the only reason anybody makes a buying decision whether you agree with it or not. Because most people in the beginning See, here's the thing most people when they're not making any money, believe that they make decisions on logic, not emotion. And that is the biggest farce taught to people. That's the biggest lie that people believe in. And we're going to be exposing lies that people believe one of the biggest lies that people believe that people purchase on logic. And you might look at your own buying decisions well I purchased because it logically made sense. Now you didn't you purchase because it felt good. You joined this program because it felt good. I might now be making you feel extremely uncomfortable and questioning if you should be here because of some of the things that I'm saying today. That's why I give the 30 day money back guarantee. Because here's the thing

[538:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you to make six figures as a coach, trainer, mentor, author, speaker, you're gonna have to do some things differently than what got you to where you are right now. You're going to have to change your habits and change some beliefs that are not serving that goal. Now for those of you that don't know me, I am a Christian that loves Jesus. And my moral compass comes from that foundation first, okay. And so anything that I share with you is not going to be directing you to do anything that is immoral, unethical, or wrong or bad. But your upbringing may convince you that it was for instance. Growing up I was taught that it was my job to make sure that other people's emotions are managed by me and then it's my job to make sure that everybody feels It's good. Or I would be unsafe, I would be punished if I made mommy upset. I can't play on the computer and I can't go see my friends and I'll be spanked when Daddy gets home. Your situation may not have been that extreme, but maybe you were trained that it is your job to make everybody happy in your life. One of the number one breakthroughs that you're going to have to make in order to succeed financially is learn that it is not your job to control other people's emotions, that you can't control other people's emotions. And that if people get angry, pissed off upset with you, it's not your job to ease them, it's not your job to make them feel better. In fact, when you do what it takes to build a successful coaching business, you're gonna upset a lot of people. I've never met a single coach, trainer or mentor that didn't have at least 5% of the people they reach, hate their guts, like with a passion no matter how good they are. Some people point to Amy Porterfield, she's like, well, she's not polarizing. Trust me, she has haters that hate her guts for what she does. Every single mentor, trainer, coach, and if you want to make any amount of money, selling information to people, you're going to anger people that that believe that information, knowledge and coaching should always be free. So there will be people out there that believe that everything that you are charging $997 For or $1,997 for should be free. Because knowledge should be free. Here's the thing YouTube exists, there's a lot of free knowledge out there. Podcast exists, there's a lot of free knowledge out there. But you will always have people that either argue that you that you're scamming people, because you're charging money for information that can be found on YouTube. And if you try to build your business, pleasing those people and making them no longer think you're a scam, you will stay broke. There will be people that will say you're not qualified enough to teach what you're doing. And that you should stop selling until you get more qualified. I had that happen in my business. In fact, for 19 years, I submitted to that. For 19 years, I had people telling me, Jeremiah, you know nothing about business. You have no qualifications to help anybody and you need to stay in your lane, until you have earned the right to open your mouth. That's what I had people telling me for 19 years, that I had not earned the right or permission to say a single word or to help anybody. Because the results in my life proved that I was unqualified to ever help anybody. And you know what I said? I don't care about your opinion. Your entire entitled to your opinion. And that may be your truth. That may be what what you believe about me that I am a crooked, terrible human being for helping people.

[617:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because according to you, I am not qualified to do so. And I had people telling me that I had I had a guy call me up and tell me that he was going to file charges against me for that two years ago, which is ridiculous because I never worked with him. I never even did business with him. He never bought anything from me and he never learned any of my content. But that was his opinion. He's entitled to his opinion. When you live your life, believing that it's your job to manage and maintain everybody's emotions and to make everybody happy. You will make decisions that will not be profitable. You will make choices that will not be profitable. You will make business moves that will not produce a result. Because you're working so hard to make everybody happy. Want to know one of the biggest ones that people do. Not sending enough emails out. A lot of people beginning coaches and chorus graders are afraid to send too many emails because they don't like receiving so many emails in their inbox and they allow that believe that it's their job to manage and maintain other people's emotions, feelings and happiness. stop them from sending one to two emails a day, which is what you should be sending as a coach of course creator. Giving people the option to unsubscribe from you or to unfollow you, instead of you trying to please everybody that is in front of you. Learning that when people reject you, it's a good thing. We have to stop holding on so tightly to everybody in our life, trying to make them happy, trying to please them. Here's the thing, I want people that aren't meant to work with me to get a bad vibe about me. I posted that yesterday. That people that are not meant to be in my space, that my marketing repels them so much, that they get a bad vibe about being in my space. Does that make me a terrible person? No, it does not. In fact, that's what happens when you give up trying to control other people's emotion, when you give up worrying about people rejecting you when you give up worrying about people's opinions. Now, here's the other flip side. That's one side of it. That will stop people from security. And the other side that will stop people from succeeding is pride. Sometimes known as a spirit of excellence. And I've seen this kill more people's potential that could make millions of dollars than what than the one I just talked about. So you might not you might say, well, Jeremiah, I'm not struggling with emotions or worrying what people think about me or anything like that. I just have standards. I have standards. My life, I have standards for success. I need to be good enough for those that I serve, or I don't feel worthy of them paying me. That will kill and I've seen it happen. I have somebody I coached about five years ago, she still isn't making a diamond her business, she's still promoting the same offer. And it's 100% tied to this right here. It's 100% tied to the need for things to be up to an on a realistic level. This goes back to what I shared earlier. If you're looking at what millionaires are doing, and you're over here, and you're not making six figures yet, and you're trying to do what they do, and you tell yourself, well, I have a millionaire standard of excellence. Because a millionaire would never put anything out there if it wasn't that good. And so to be a millionaire, I must do what they do, and have that standard of excellence.

[696:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great, how fun staying broke. Because that's not gonna get you there. And that's one of the number one things that keeps people stuck is they look at and they believe that they have to have a certain quality of video, that they have to be a certain level of speaker that they have to have a certain level of expertise, they have to have a certain skill set level before they can go out there and sell to people before they can go out there and get clients. And that's the furthest thing from the truth. We end up gatekeeping ourselves and preventing ourselves from succeeding because we won't launch because of pride because we're waiting until some magical fairy tale fairy dust moment where we're finally at our unrealistic level of excellence, and then we can put our offer out there. We're finally at a level of knowledge. We're finally at a level of expertise. And a lot of people they use different words for this. They call it they call it planning. They call it wisdom. I call it stupidity. Which is funny what most people that struggle with this that I've met, that have unrealistic standards that are stuck, that won't launch because they think that they're not good enough yet to put it out there. They think that they don't know enough yet, that they're not sure if it's perfect enough yet. They they believe like strongly that they're doing the right thing. And this is why it's the hardest thing for them to break free from because they have to come to the realization that that is a lie, that they're believing that having those standards is actually what's keeping them broke. It's not what's going to make them succeed. And the reason why is because generally, they look back at the history of their life, that those standards have helped them achieve success, that those standards have helped them achieve, what they're looking for. And so when we go out there to launch our business, when we go out there to build our business, we say it's all or nothing. If I'm not, if I'm not at 100, or 99%, it's not good enough. I need it to be good enough before it's there, or, or nobody will see it. That's pride. Not excellence, it's not wisdom. It's not planning. Because it's making it all about you and all about how you look and all about you appearing like you're good enough. It is completely detached from In fact, this is why this is one of the biggest things that stops people from succeeding, because you can't operate in empathy. And understand what your customers want. When you're dealing with this, it will literally shut down that part of your brain, the part of your brain that comes up with ideas for offers and copy and what your target customer wants, and allows you to connect with people becomes an accessible when you operate out of pride and having unrealistic standards. When it comes to the coaching and course business. 50% 70% 80% is good enough. Here's what I use as a standard in my life. When I get stuck, I stop and I just launch it. When I feel like I'm struggling to add any more to it, I stop. Even if I know that I could do better. Even if I know that I could spend a little bit more time to make it better. And this is a strategy that will get you from zero to six figures and millionaire status is by

[769:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: not waiting until there's perfect situations perfect circumstances by making speed of execution and how quickly you can get your offer out there. Your main priority by making your goal How can I reach people that I haven't met yet? By making your goal not how am I how do I be good enough? Your goal is how can I connect with people.

[778:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's usually a few reasons why people struggle with this. One of them as either they're afraid of people. They're afraid to connect with people. They're afraid of what other people will think about them. They're afraid of what people will say to them. And they're and it's back to trying to manage, maintain and control other people's emotions by the hunt, interesting. Pride can actually be tied to that or you grew up in an environment where you are constantly punished for things not being perfect. You worked in an environment where you were constantly criticized and punished and and knocked down for things not being perfect. Maybe you were in a marriage where you were constantly criticized for things not being perfect. What this does is it ends up wiring the brain of that person who is in an environment of criticism that nothing is ever good enough and that they should never do anything unless it is good enough. That is why criticism. I don't even know if I spelled that right. Who cares and judgment both of ourselves and other people Law is the single, I believe the single greatest hindrance to your ability to succeed as a coach, as a course creator, as a trainer as a mentor. Here's another one of those holding two ideas in your head. A leader can't lead unless they are able to judge and criticize properly. And that one usually breaks people. That one usually is where people get really stuck, is how can you go from not judging and not criticizing everybody while being simultaneously able to? Like when I'm coaching somebody, I am definitely criticizing and definitely judging, but I'm coming from a place of compassion. I'm coming from a place of saying, Okay, I'm seeing a problem here. You've come to me asking for a solution. What's not working? Let's divide this, let's look at this, let's be realistic about what's not working and properly judge. And it's not really criticism. It's not really judgment. It's more how can we make a plan, we go back to the last page, I thought you said Jeremiah planning wasn't good enough, again, gotta get rid of that logical mind. We make a plan of success with our clients, we lead them to what they need to do, you might you might argue every time that I say that you have a false belief that I'm being critical and judgmental. There's a difference when you come from a place of experience for 19 years. And people have hired you to point out what their wrong beliefs are. And to point out to them and to teach and to impart knowledge, and you looking at yourself, and not that you're not good enough looking at somebody else as being not good enough. That's a completely different attitude. But if you've never learned what it's like to not criticize, do not judge, you will think those two things are the same things. That's what I thought, for years. And I actually believe that it's one of the number one things is why I struggled to have success for 19 years at the level that I'm having right now. Is because I believed all of my mentors, they're judging, they're criticizing. And so to be that way, I need to be like those millionaires, judgmental, critical, rightly divide truth, recognize what's not going wrong, and call it out. There's a lot more to it than that. It's, that's that's so one dimensional. When you realize that people are more than just robots, that humans are more than just logic boxes, that sales is more than just making somebody buy from you that making an offer is more than just persuasion, that connecting with people online is more than just algorithms. And you're able to tap into there's that word, again, the emotions behind why they're making a buying decision. And you can understand the emotions of your target customer. You can't be in empathy, when you're critical and judgmental. Now, one thing that I've

[856:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: learned as a coach, as a trainer, as a mentor, is that you can actually move between these two, when you become more experienced. So I can have empathy for somebody when I'm listening when I'm hearing them, and then I can see a solution. I can step into that stage where I become solution oriented. When we're solution oriented, we're not having empathy. I see so many people, and this is this is another one of those things. It's one of those billionaire quotes that that's useless. You ever see those billionaires make these quotes and they're like, they're, they're as useless as garbage. But it's what got them to success, right? So it must be worth something. One of those is focused on the solution, not the problem. I would I would actually get into that you need to stop focusing on the solution or the problem. And focus on the person. Focus on who. First, who you're wanting to serve, who you can serve, who you are called to serve. Who you can help.

[878:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: We write off or copy. We write copy that identify eyes, the problem and the solution. But when you're focused on problems and solutions, you turn off empathy when you do that. And that's not what's gonna get you to where you're actually creating an offer where you're actually persuading people, we're actually connecting. And so we have to learn how to have have empathy, for who we're helping, without trying to control their emotions. And then a second part of it is learning to control your own emotions. When people reject you, when people say no, when people say, I don't want to work with you, when people say that you're the biggest crook on the planet Earth, and you should be in jail, simply because you told people that you can help them make a million dollars in the business. And because that person was incapable of being teachable, they wanted to blame you, and make sure that the world knew what a horrible person you are. Because that was the story they made up in their head. Every single one of us has stories that we've made up in our head, about meaning. And when we attach meaning to feelings. That's where we get caught up. One of the biggest reasons why people don't succeed, with creating their offers with reaching people, is they attach meaning to the results. And they have a feeling of failure. And they attach meaning to failure. And they attach what does this mean, and we end up being defined by our performance. One of the number one things that's going to get you from where you are to where you want to be as a course creator, as a coach, as a mentor, is not to define your value and your worth, by how you perform and what you produce, by what you do. And focus solely on how can I serve somebody? How can I make a connection with another human being, and then how do I take that connection, and disseminate it using a tool like Jasper AI, in the language that connects with that person, that way, I don't have to be one on one with that person, to make that connection, for them to see that I have a solution to the problem that they have. And to show people that you understand what problems they're having, but that you do so from a non critical, non judgmental way that you do so from a place of compassion, and empathy. And when you combine all of this together, your offers end up selling like wildfire, your offers end up producing a ton of cash flow. But that's why the same level of thinking that honestly got us to where we are right now is not going to be the same level of thinking that's going to get you to where you want to be, to have customers and clients. And that's what we're gonna go into for the next two days is we're going to be breaking down strategically, how to build out offers that connect with people, strategically, how to find out what your target customer wants, discover their problem, how to communicate it to them in a way that's persuasive, how to connect with your target customer, and then how to find the people that you're looking to work with and launch your offer out there to reach people. Those of you that have been on the five day trainings, those of you that have been on that have gone through irresistible offers that sell those of you that went through virtual event playbook, there might be some crossover. And what I'm going to share over the next two days, however, this is going to be much different. That's going to be interactive. So this first session, like I said, I mentioned, if you see anything, join the first session, because I think it's going to be really impactful to you. We're going to go to work now. We're going to take a break for about 15 minutes, we're going to come back and we're going to start to go to work. One thing that I want each of you to do is I want you to write down the answer to the questions that are in the Jasper recipe

[959:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this is going to Challenge, and this is gonna, and this is gonna be an exercise in you doing exactly what I just talked about in the last hour. Because you might end up feeling uncomfortable doing this, you might end up feeling like, well, I don't know enough about my target customer to do this, Jeremiah, I haven't done it enough I haven't made I haven't figured it out yet. That's one of the number one habits that's going to help you grow from zero to six figures is taking action on things you haven't figured out yet. Maybe you've never done that before in your life, this is going to be an opportunity for you to start to do that, to start to put it into practice. And here's the thing, whatever you're feeling whatever is inside of you, that's telling you that you can't do this. I want you to take a look at your choices and your actions in your business. Not doing something as a choice. Doing something as a choice. If we feel something that is preventing us from going from not doing something to doing something, we need to ask ourselves, What am I feeling? I find a lot of people are stuffing their feelings too often. I find that out that way too many people, coaches, trainers, mentors, people that want to make money, and have never labeled their feelings they've never identified, what am I feeling in this moment? What am I feeling? Why can't I go and do that? When you start to label your feelings, when you start to tap into understanding what you're feeling, and your own emotions, you will start to understand a how to control those emotions better. Self control of emotions is one of the number one things that's gonna make you a lot of money. Controlling. Oftentimes, we can't really control what we feel. And again, that goes into therapy and healing from trauma and things like that, we're not going to go into that. You can be successful without going through therapy. I've know plenty of people that have, but they do this one thing they say okay, what is what am I feeling that is stopping me from doing what I need to do? And then asking yourself, what is the meaning behind that feeling? Asking yourself, what is the definition? What is the root? Where Where did I first feel this way in my life? What situation happened before that I felt similar to this, and I made a decision, whether it be unconsciously or subconsciously. Oftentimes, many of the decisions we make, we don't even know that we've made them especially when it comes to trauma, we don't realize that we made these decisions, that I will never feel that way again. And oftentimes when it comes to building our business and stepping into the chaos zone, and out of the comfort zone, we end up feeling away that's very similar to very scary moments in our life. When we can define where did I first feel this, and then say, Okay, that was the meaning of why I'm doing this. But this is a different situation, you can start to do the things that you have previously made it impossible for you to do. Because the feeling is no longer in control of you. You are now in control of the choice that you're making. Oftentimes, we unconsciously make choices based off of the feelings we have. And they become autopilot. When you start labeling your feelings, you can start to choose to do differently than your habit. Which is awesome. And so this is the exercise and we're going to be doing this throughout the next two days. Is the Jasper recipe. I'm gonna pull it up on the screen and what the what the questions are community that Jasper AI

[1024:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect offer copy for coaches. And these are the questions very simple. Who is your customer? Write out a detailed description of your customer, what problem do they have that you know of? You don't need to like this isn't a test. You're not going to be graded on not having the answer. what solution do you offer them? And we might be discovering that today. And tomorrow, what method what is your methodology include? And describe the best case scenario and result somebody might have with you that dream result? answer those questions. I want you to have those questions ready to go by this afternoon. And that's when we're going to be diving into that this afternoon. And so you obviously you're like okay, I might not have the answer to that in the next 10 minutes. The next 15 minutes, that's fine. But start thinking about the answers to those questions. We're going to take a break here. We're going to come back at 11 1120 Okay so the next session

