Offer Launchpad 2-Day Expereince
Date: 2022-10-29T21:42:15.000Z
Duration: 60 min
Otter ID: QMW4oLaaVNqrPw550HEXmqQEI1M
---

[0:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. How's everybody doing? Welcome back day number two, day number two. There we go, here we go. Day number two, we're in the house

[6:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome back. Welcome back to day number two, everybody how's everybody doing? Session Five. Join us live here, we're gonna go live in the Facebook group. Session Five in the group and now we're going live in the group. So welcome back. Listen, I'm excited for for everybody that's here. Everybody that's joined us today. I'm excited for those that were here yesterday. And what we went through yesterday was pretty, pretty powerful. Um, if you're just jumping in you, and you missed sessions, one and two, they're they're extremely powerful, extremely important, I think to go back and watch. They're in the Facebook group right now. So you can watch those in there, the recordings, they'll be in the members area a little bit later. I have some notes before I before we get started and kind of go through everything today, I also cleaned up the the five slash six steps because technically it's six steps. But zero is is not really a step. It's kind of written like, I realized I created the steps like, like a list when in computer programming. When you create an array, and it starts at zero, have like, you repeat, like it's essentially a program that you run. And so I created sort of It's a computer program for how you guys do your vase laughing? Yeah, that's exactly what it is. But yeah, so you start at zero, you find your niche, once you do that, you go through the steps one through five, and then you repeat back to one, three to four times, back to one three to four times. And then you analyze the data, because once you do it three or four times, you're gonna probably want to pivot your niche, like dramatically at that point. And so the reason why most people don't ever get to that point is they've never even done the steps three or four times they've launched maybe once or twice. So for example, for me earlier this year, and actually, this time last year, I was focused on helping everybody who is on the internet, everybody who wants to build a business online, all people that want to build online businesses, I can help you I can show you how to make money online. And I pivoted everything in January of this year towards only coaches, course creators, mentors, trainers and authors. Because I noticed that the people that were buying from me, were only those people, the people that I've spent money with me in business for only those people, the people that were asking me the most questions and the people that were getting the most results were those people. So I'm like, why am I trying to work on helping this whole group of people that isn't spending money with me, and when AND and OR if they do spend money with me, they they're not doing the work. And if they are doing the work, they're not getting the desired result as quickly as the course players and coaches. And so that's what kind of helped me hone in on that. Then I realized my marketing was finding all coaches and course creators. And with that, I'm I was finding people like they were looking to not make money, but to just get clients. They were looking to, like, do it all organically. They were looking to figure out like how do I how do I network at church or

[73:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: at Chamber of Commerce events, to find clients and take them out to coffee and turn them into clients? And I'm like, that's not my system. Steve Chandler teaches that system in most of his books. And so if you want to know like how to build a coaching business without spending money without running ads without doing any marketing, Steve Chandler will teach you how to do that. his methodology is that you go out there and one to one talk to a ton of people, and basically sit down with them and coach them for free for about six months to a year until they eventually pay you money. And so that's what a lot of people are looking to me to teach them how to do. And that method works. But it's very slow. And it's just not my lane of teaching. And so there's a lot of great coach, I basically tell people, there's a lot of great coaches, trainers and mentors out there that will teach you how to do it that way. There's, there is a rising kind of strategy that I'm seeing a lot of people do like Facebook groups, and in DMS and stuff, I'm not really big on cold DMing a bunch of people and then hoping it's a numbers game, and they all sign up. But I'm not opposed to if somebody goes through three or four or five events with you. And they still haven't signed up yet just shooting them a quick message and saying, Hey, how's everything going like making an actual connection, making an actual human connection with somebody, and that not being for the sleazy purpose of you trying to sell to them, but rather, to connect. And oftentimes I have had that lead to them becoming a customer, because they end up saying, hey, I really would like to join your program. But because I reached out to them, and just did that little bit of customer service, really, they signed up. And so that's a cool thing to do, right. But they still came in through an ad, they still came in through a virtual event, they still came in, through some resource that we did that and a lot of these methodologies, whether it be in a Facebook group, whether it be a virtual event there, they actually they still require you to do these steps. Because if you don't have an offer, how are you going to do that with people, unless you're going one to one and talking to everybody individually. And here's the thing, some of you may want to do that you may want to build your business where you're talking to people individually, and you're, you're going out and doing that it's the slow way. It's it's very hard to make the kind of money you want to make. But if you're really struggling to find your niche and know what your clients actually want, and you're really stuck, like on steps one and two, you might need to go out there and connect with some people one to one and see like what they're dealing with, because you've just never connected with other human beings that have problems before. And that's a that's a big factor that people run into is, if they can't actually come up with any of the words, it's because they're not working with humans. And that's why free virtual events is a way to work with humans. Not that you're working with I, when I say working with humans, like you're working with people, you're working with real people versus what are fake people, fake people are the people in your head that you overthink about when you sit on the couch for 10 hours, and analyze how they're going to respond to you. Those aren't real human beings. And so but we but we end up almost convincing ourselves that we know how people are going to respond that we know how they're going to react. The only way to do that is by having experience with people, you can't guess what people are going to do if you've never worked with people that are actually that are actually going to come in front of you see you as a leader and spend money with you to go forward and learn from you. And so that's a requirement is to learn how to connect, communicate, and lead people but I'm skipping a little bit ahead here what I want to share today I just I really want to remind you always have eyes and a vision for your future and where you're going.

[138:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's not just where you're going in your income, but what what is your life look like that you want your life to look like because when you design your life how you want in your mindset, when you can see how you want your life to look. So for instance, I my life and this doesn't have to be the same way for everybody. Some people they just want to do it all themselves. But for my life. I want to have enough money to be able to hire people, you know, to basically run my life for me and to be able to make enough money to where okay, we hired my wife's sister to be a PA and house assistant for us well, she's pregnant and so that now helps me focus even more on our business and the business income is now paying for my family and wife to be taken care of now I'm in the house still I'm working at home. But but but I don't have to be like I it doesn't make my business it does and also it also doesn't make my wife feel more loved for me to do the dishes and vacuum. Like she doesn't require me to do that to feel like I love her that I'm that I'm breaking my back with physical labor helping her and it it ends up costing our business by me doing that because I'm focusing hours per day on Our house. And so one of the biggest things to do is like, when you're making money, you want to outsource a lot of the household stuff first, that doesn't produce an income. And there's these messages that are in our culture, that it's a, that you're a bad person or a bad parent or a bad human. If you have other people doing those house works for you, I completely disagree with that. I think it's the same as if you outsource anything in a business. And so identify what you want your life and your business to look like none of us want to be working 1000 hours or 100 hours or really, practically even 40 hours to build a business or the life that we want. Now, we may want to do that. And that might be a desire that we have, I like working a lot. But at the end of the day, we also would like to do it when we want to work not because we're required to work. And so the way that you can do that is you learn to make enough money so that you can have people work for you and staff that can do stuff for you. There is another cultural message that you are not a good business owner if you don't have staff working for you. And that's a complete lie. It's a complete fallacy. Again, that's, that's these we're measuring ourselves based off a performance based off of what we've done based off of what we've accomplished based off of like, Oh, I'm a better business owner, because I have four staff versus you have 00 You're You're a crappy business owner. There's literally messages like that. And I have friends that have actually told me that as well. I don't buy into that crap at all. Because it's not it's just it's any message that tries to make me be better or worse, in my mind based off of performance, or what I do, I don't allow into my life. I don't allow into my life, any message that says that I am better or worse because I have performed a certain way. I look at okay, these are choices. This is what I'm choosing today, I have chosen to not have staff and now this year, we have staff, because we were paying down credit card debt because we were designing our life, the way that we wanted to your path may look different than what you've seen other people look, it doesn't mean that you are better or worse. You got to design your life the way that you want your life to look for you and your family. I'll tell you this, Rick Rick pinos daily life looks very different than the life that I want for my family. And because of that, you know, we don't agree on very much when it actually comes to scheduling and even like parenting and things like that. And that's okay, we can still meet together in business. And, and, and do a lot of great things together when it comes to getting clients. Excuse me while I drink some water here. But the process is still the same for you to make the money that you want to make in your business, you still got to work these five steps. And these five steps are the number one thing that will grow your business now, this is the one step. Again, that is probably the most debated amongst people. This one is not debated at all. This one is not debated.

[218:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: This one is not the ads a little bit debated. But it's not as much as this. Because there's 1,000,001 ways to launch to the public. You could launch by running Facebook ads to a group connecting with people messaging them with your landing page. And then and then having a series of offers that you do that that way that's one way to do it. That's a little bit more time consuming that I like you could also have an offer where it has people schedule a call with you and you get on a call and being on that call. You close them on the phone. That's another offer. But it still requires a landing page and an offer and something that you're selling people and copy and some angle and you're going to analyze results the way that we like to do it and that we've seen consistently for the last oh I would say five years now five years now working with my mom with Joshua with Rick with Georgia and with Christ for the nation's Institute with Wesley and Stacy Campbell with will Ford and then the coaching clients that I have Don and Angie and Nathan and and Danielle, that are produced Six figures, like, very quickly, is when you launch is that you run a virtual event that you have people sign up for a zoom call, or a series of zoom calls or a series of videos that are live in a Facebook group, by the way, I prefer doing it live in the Facebook group, but you don't have to. You might say, well, Jeremiah, what's the master strategy while your mom didn't do it in a Facebook group? Because she didn't want to do it in a Facebook group? That was the only reason why I told her, it would have been better if she did it in a Facebook group. She's like, Yeah, I don't want to do it. Okay, great. That was the master strategy. It was literally because it just she didn't want to do it. And so it's like, like, you can choose to not do things that you don't want to do. And this process doesn't make them better or worse. Um, in my experience, I've found that the Facebook group thing does help because you can connect with people a little bit differently. That way, the algorithm will show the content to people and it shows a level of intent that they have to where they actually showed up with you. If somebody's showing up for my training in a Facebook group and going through my pre trainings, there's a really good chance that they're also going to convert to a sale. And so by having that activity, I'm able to qualify who those people are. And one tactic that I use is, when they're in the group after the event is done, I actually do add all the people on my personal Facebook profile. This gets a lot of people like Matt messed up so much. I've seen people messed up for two years on the statement, and they will produce zero sales in their business. So I need you to hear me out. Do not build your business with your personal profile. Do not build your business with your personal profile. Why am I adding people to my personal profile, because they have already opted into something through my business page. And it allows me if I want to send them a message later, it doesn't go to their spam folder. And so that's my only reason why I'm doing that. And now I'm actually having my wife is even messaging people through my personal profile, but do not build your business through a personal profile on Facebook. You can't run ads, you can't track anything. And the only reason why I add people to my personal profile is that I have that ability if I want to to send them messages, and they will see some of the content that I'm interacting with. And so they it's more of a personal touch thing. It's not a Oh, Jeremiah adds them to their personal profile so that now he's marketing to them through his personal profile. That's not it at all. Okay. So again, when I mentioned anything related to personal profile, people seem to like, butterfly off and assume that all I'm talking about his personal profile. If I talk about social media content, social media content as another way to launch organic content on Tiktok, and Instagram rails are incredible. For social for social media content, posting at least once a

[293:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: day. Because you can a retarget to the people for pennies that have engaged with your videos you can track. Okay, so Tiktok and Instagram gave you organic views. You can take make an audience in the ads manager of the actual human beings who watched at least 75% of those organic views. They watched a video that's a minute long, they watched at least 45 seconds of your video. Somebody's watching a tick tock for 45 seconds somebody Washington Instagram real for 45 seconds, shows intent and so you can retarget those people with we're back to where we are your offer and your landing page. Again, it all boils down to working these steps right here. Working these steps getting to where you're launching. And that's why this is the launch pad event. That's why this is to get you to the point where you are launching Now hear me out again. I've had people get stuck for years off of this statement. Right now in 2022 and 2023. Organic social media content is not growing, coaching businesses like it did two years ago. You will get very few clients that way just by going organic. I have seen people where they hear me say oh yeah, organic is great to find people and then literally for three years all they do is they only post organic content. They have no offer. And they're not running ads. And I'm like what are you doing? They're like what you said Jeremiah? organic content gets good people, you and I'm like you heard only 1% of everything that I've ever said, and took it and made it like your life. And so hear me out when I say this, like, you want organic social media content to come after you have your offer figured out, because your content is going to speak to these people. And it's only going to support the efforts of launching the way that we like to do it, which is using paid advertising, which is using Facebook ads, Instagram ads, and Tiktok ads. Because that's the that's the fastest most effective way. Here's the reason why most people don't like to run ads is they don't know how to run ads like I do. They don't know how to run ads like I teach you. They don't know how to run ads the way that works. And all these horror stories about Facebook ads where people lose money and it didn't work out, are usually because they're there, they're doing it wrong. And oh, what are they doing wrong, the foundation points right back to every single time they're offered copy their offer copy the language that they're using in the ad and in their offer is not connecting with people to get them to sign up with them. And so every like, oh, I launched a nobody bought from me. Analyze Results. Repeat that all roads lead back to the offer copy. Because the offer copy the hook, the angle that you're taking in the words that you say is what determines your cost for advertisement, your cost per lead. And if people actually sign up with you, it's the number one thing that determines if the launch produces any results is the offer copy itself. Now the tech, the tech side of like creating a landing page, you can find people on Fiverr you can find people on online jobs that pH you can find some people in this in this group that might be able to help you even Steven Robbins helps create and put together landing pages and automations. I've shown you a number of trainings as to how simple it is to do this with with Squarespace. With Squarespace, it is very easy to go in. And to press Get Started. I'll press on this browsing. I'll scroll to the bottom and click on looking for templates for the older version of Squarespace because my website building course, if you want to know how to use Squarespace, my website building course shows you how to use it. And I use the older version of Squarespace. Because I find that it works a lot easier, it's just a lot simpler for creating our landing pages. It's a lot more like funnel friendly. And so you can start with any of these templates you just saw I went to squarespace.com. And now I already have a site that's up that took me less than 30

[372:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: seconds. And then you can you can put a photo of you on your page, you can change the text on here on any of these pages okay, you can edit you can add an image you double click add an image this is actually an image that I generated with Jasper art. It's not even a real person. Which is funny. I generated Jasper art you can tell his fingers are a little messed up. But it's, um join our upcoming free class on how to get the greatest breakthrough in your life. Yet massive breakthrough now, okay, so some of you are like, oh, I need to build a whole website. No, see, here's the thing that I would say a lot of you do is you create what's called a funnel hub. And that you can build out the pages later. But I would just go in and like delete half of this, delete all this. Delete all delete all of it. And your end the homepage of your website. All that it's showing people is whatever your latest offer is like you can delete this section too. You'll probably want the button a little further up and then what you do is you literally just go in and you create a page in Squarespace a blank page give it a name So that's what this button on the bottom here, you can click on the footer content and, again, delete it. I'm just pressing Delete on my keyboard and it deletes. And so then you can, you can write your copy on here, you can go into into canva.com. To come up with graphics, website header design, you can you can type in website header, you can go to Design spotlight, and they have websites right here. Websites, they have what's called like create a Canva website, they will actually also let you create like a homepage right here, or you can download like a website, header banner start making your banner here we go. Here's a few banner designs. Here's one right here you put your photo in there let's do a photo of me now let's say that this is that this is our offer right here you can you can add the text free one hour, shop sharp if you're taking like any longer than like a few minutes to kind of come up with your design to come up with like we need to get to the place where we're not spending so long. Coming up with the actual layout of the landing page. You want to focus your time on the offer copy. But you don't want that to take you longer than a week or two, either. But from the technical aspect, like we just downloaded this image right here we can add this image to Squarespace. Okay, and then we can put our offer copy that we wrote whatever that offer copy is right here, offer copy goes here. You know, let's just say this is like a whole landing page full of text. And then you click the plus symbol for a newsletter, Button Link. Register now. Jump into this free training,

[443:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go under Storage, I don't use the Squarespace email because I don't like it I like MailChimp. I like set I just did not able to set up the automations that you need to. So I use MailChimp and Zapier, I usually use both because then Zapier will track to the Facebook ads, I show you how to do that in the Facebook ads course, you connect it to MailChimp. And now you automatically sign up for a MailChimp account and you automatically have a basically a funnel a lead gen funnel that you could have done with it's really you know, there's nothing more technical that you need to learn that when I've just shown you to build out your landing page. Now there is a lot more of the technical side of running the Facebook ads. And so that's why if you're stuck creating the landing page, like keep it simple, because you're gonna want to learn the Facebook ads after you get this up going. That way you can actually track whether the ads are coming in. And again, you might need to look on fiverr.com for somebody that can help you set up the pixel if you get overwhelmed or stressed out with how to do that we've had a few people. And I see this happens often. They get here. And now a year a year or two down the road. They haven't done anything because they stress they got stressed, stressed out by how technical any of that was and then they do nothing. There's no reason to stay stressed out. You can get your questions answered in the client growth accelerator group. If you're stuck, you can ask questions in the clank growth accelerator group for each step along the way. Okay. And then I can point you in the right direction of what to do or what's going on when I Erica was dealing with that this past week with her Facebook pixel and we were able to look at that she actually had the pixel setup wrong on the page and so it was tracking wrong and so that's why she wasn't getting any leads wasn't her offer wasn't her copy it was wasn't even her ads, it was that the pixel was tracking everybody as a lead. And so it was like not actually getting anybody to sign up. Because you want the algorithm to actually point people to a conversion goal and so you want it to track if they're actually signing up. So then the algorithm will find people that are more likely to sign up for you based off of the action they take. But it all boils down to back to getting your offer, copy written up, creating your landing page, launching it out working through the steps. So those steps, they work, they produce results. Now, here's the other thing that I want to share with you guys. When you look at your coaching business, when you look at, and this is very important, I really, if you can pay attention to anything that I share, during this time during this two days together, this is one of the most important things that I think that I'll say. When you have a vision for your life, or where it's going, you need to have a foundation of believing as if it's already happened to you. Believing as if you already have the successful business, believing as if you already have your dream life that you want. That it exists in a dimension where you you exist in the future with every dream that you have, and believe that wholeheartedly. And that all you have to do is do the work, stay consistent, follow the process, while you're aiming your vision in the right direction each day, to get the result. Now a lot of people when I have said that, throw it up and say oh, so I just believe it and sit on my ass and do nothing, no, I gave you five steps to do do the five steps and believe that the result is already manifested in your life that you are already experiencing the result that you want, believe that wholeheartedly and for me, my my faith is that that God has already said that that will be where I'm going that he's already called me to that that he's already declared, that that's where I'm going and so that I trust that He will make it work out for me

[522:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: to get there. But, but I have to at least do my part, which is the five steps. And so if you can come to your business, and whenever you start believing that it's going to happen for you. Little seeds of doubt start coming in as to well I can believe but I can believe but and those buts, our limiting beliefs that we have, that are actually keeping us from connecting. And I believe that we are spiritual and physical beings connecting our energy to that truth of that future reality. And so that's why people end up trying to build a business. And they end up struggling for 10 to 15 years. Because they end up getting stuck in a loop of behavior. They get stuck in a loop of the friends they hang out with one of the biggest things that's going to impact your belief and vision is who is influencing your life and your thinking. Who are you hanging out with every single day? Who is speaking into your life every day? Who are you allowing to tell you what you can and can't do. And it might be not somebody that's in your life right now it could be a memory of what somebody or a group of somebodies that you used to be friends with said, or a way of thinking and your upbringing. And so you literally have to silence those voices and say, Listen, I'm gonna do what I need to do. I know that I've listened to you for a long time, but I need to go out there and do what I need to do. Now if it's an actual person. You don't need to say that to an actual person. That's more like internally you say that. But if you do have somebody that's in your life, and they're they're bombarding you with messages and language and calling you all the time and they're telling you all this negativity, you might need to either ask them if they can stop or you end up ending their will lationship there's unnecessary ending to relationships that are not serving us for our life that are not serving our goals. There are people in our lives that we need to be okay with letting go up. If you're somebody that has dealt with fear of rejection, that can be very hard to do, because you don't want somebody to experience the agonizing pain and anguish of rejection that you felt, but at the end of the day, I mean, here's the thing. Toxic people in my life, and I call them toxic, because if you're threatening to file criminal charges against me, for charging you $1,000 for coaching, offering to give you your money back and giving you your money back. And yet, you are still wanting to file criminal charges, saying that I misrepresented myself to you. You're a toxic person. And it's not my job to change you. Yes, I had that two years ago happened. And it was a guy that I thought was a close friend of mine, we got very close. So he used that closeness to manipulate it. And when I stopped being controlled by his manipulation, he flipped it. And unfortunately, every conversation that we had, that wasn't in writing, he negated as if they didn't exist. And he only went based off of what was in writing. And it was just a nasty mess. I had to have an attorney get involved. There's a reason why you don't want to hang out with people like that, like, and for me, those were all the people that I was hanging out with in my life, are these toxic negative people? Right? I have people on social media that tell me that I listen, Jeremiah, you've, you've, you've helped them, here's the big one. They tell me you've helped business owners build businesses for 19 years, but you've never made a million dollars. And so you're not qualified to help anybody do that. And so you should probably just shut up and let the real business owners do business.

[597:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to think that it was now my job to convince those people of my side and defend myself. No, those are called toxic people that you cut off and you stopped talking to, that you don't talk to in your life or a family member that's constantly sucking your time away and telling you how what a horrible person that you are, because you're not spending time with them. And yet, they're always negative. They're always complaining, they're always talking about how the world is going to hell in a handbasket. It's like, I don't feel filled up when I'm around you. And so learn that people will end up trying to guilt us into doing things and submitting to their own negativity. If we are not intentional to take personal responsibility and say, I have a boundary on what I focus on, where I put my focus where I focus my life. And you're not in there until this behavior changes. And, and because of that, I don't need you to change, you can keep doing the behavior, but we're not going to be connected during that time. So you tell people how to meet you. You tell people how to respect you, you do it by demonstrating it. And by holding those boundaries and not wavering just because somebody is clever and could manipulate you to do that. I had somebody get violently angry at me, threatened to show up at my door and send his cousin who was in the mafia to break my legs. Because I wouldn't go to dinner with him. Two years ago. Yep. Now, he said, I'm just joking, man. I'm just joking. I'm like, Oh, that's not really a joke to like, talk like that. And you can talk like that, and then say, I'm just joking. And I realize that's his way of manipulating people. He terrifies them. And that says, he's just joking. And I'm like, bro, you're a toxic friend. And when I told him that, I said, I can't be friends with you. He literally said you are the he called me the most abusive, terrible human being he's ever met and said that, that I will lose every friend in my life that I am destroying my life and that I will go broke if I'm not friends with him. And so that's what I'm saying is like you're going to need to disconnect from certain people in your life. And they are going to not like it to Allah especially here's the thing if, if they don't like it, and they try to manipulate you and weasel back into your life, that is a sign that they're not a healthy person. I had a lady telling me that I was obligated to spend time with her and her husband did because we're both Christians, and that I'm not a true Christian if I didn't meet with her twisting scripture. So there's all of these things that end up, when you end up creating your life, one of the biggest things is you need to need to need to believe that your future is already going to happen. But there are decisions that you need to make in the present, that might be difficult to make, that will allow you to go to the next level. And when it comes to working through these five steps, the how fast you can go through the steps is a direct indicator that I've seen in my, in the past five years, is a direct indicator of what's going on outside of your life that's distracting you from working the steps. Because they're actually very simple. They're very simple to do, you can do them part time. But what's going on up here mentally that's distracting us and talking us out of doing the work, we need to figure out how to put some order to that in our lives, okay. Learning self discipline, and disciplining yourself to do hard things, even when you don't feel like it is one of the greatest superpowers that you will learn learning to focus learning to say, Nope, there's, I, I understand that there's 100 Really great things that I could be doing right now. But I'm going to be working on my landing page for the next hour. Now, people take that to the extreme, and they're like, well, Jeremiah, so you're saying to just ignore our family and allow my baby to die of hunger and not help my babies out and, and just build my business and tell everybody Screw you.

[672:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I never said that. That's the extreme version of what I've talked about right now. Don't do that. Make your family the number one priority. Those that are in your immediate family. And I truly I say immediate family because sometimes there are people that are not immediate family that they do, but their family. Again, I'm talking like your household, like who is in your house right now. Like I've had to tell I love my mom. I've told her we have boundaries for when we talk when I'll I can meet and she totally gets it. Right. She doesn't feel Dishonored or dis loved because of that. Now, here's the thing, when you set boundaries, people will feel Dishonored, and dis loved because you've never had them before. And because you always allowed them to run all over them. And so there will come a time where if they are especially if their family, they'll end up coming back around because they want that connection. And so in the beginning, the boundaries might be hard. But in the long haul, they're going to help you. Okay. Here's another thing. making yourself look good to everyone else, is a futile endeavor. Meaning you're always defending yourself, you're always putting disclaimers on everything. You're you're you're always trying to one up everybody that you meet, you're always trying to, to demonstrate how smart you are, you're always trying to get praise from other people. That type of behavior is something that I operated in my whole life that I had to it was one of the first things that I had to get rid of two years ago, is that at the end of the day, no matter how much good you do, there's always gonna be people that are going to hate you, they're always gonna assume the worst, it's not your job to make sure that they don't assume the worst about you. It's a complete waste of energy to focus on trying to get people to think nice things about you. It's a complete waste of energy to try to get people to to perceive you. In the in, in the best light. Now here's one of those you got to hold two ideas in your mind at once. When you're selling, you want to sell and create the perception of you being in the best light when you're selling. Okay. In your in your sales pitch. It's called The Truth well told. Meaning you tell the truth about what you can help people do in the best possible way. But here's the thing it comes across when you're constantly defending yourself and trying to make yourself look good. And you're trying to say well, I did this or Well, I didn't really struggle with that or, or you know, I didn't mean it that way. I didn't mean it that way when you say that it makes you look like the most insecure person that is incapable of leading anybody, to people. And so learning to and it's just because it comes from from in the past, having to defend ourselves and having to prove ourselves and having to hold our ground to make sure that people don't misinterpret us. The way to not be misinterpreted is to not put a disclaimer on everything. It's to learn how to say it in a way that people understand you the first time. And that's why writing your offer copy is so important. Because you can say more with less, you want to learn how to say more with less, you want to learn how to not speak so much. That's why in the beginning, it might take you five days running your virtual events. And then you'll be able to literally get to the point where you can get the same amount of sales with a one day event. That's where my mom is at. Now, she's actually told me this week, she wants to do a five day because she thinks that it'll allow her to, since she's done two, one days, now she wants to do a five day because she's got her message down a little bit more. And she wants to maybe find some people that she hasn't built trust with on that level yet, and pull in more people and do a five day, okay. And so with that, how is she designing her five days, she's actually going to do it on five of the days that she does her normal class with her her audience, which is awesome. But you have to have to have to kill this belief that you need to manage and maintain appearances to other people, that you didn't make yourself look good that you need to make people think the best about you. Let people think the worst about you. Let them assume the worst about you. Let people think whatever they want. When we give up trying to control what other people think about us.

[750:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we give up trying to make people think, the best about us, we actually connect with coming across as our most authentic self. Because we're not trying to create like disclaimers and descriptions and like clarifying statements about every single action and activity that we're doing. When you learn to do that, it will open up so much in your life as to how you connect with people. Because when we do that, it creates a direct barrier in a in our ability to connect with people by constantly defending ourselves by constantly trying to say, Well, I wasn't dealing with that. Well, no, no, that's not the case. And actually, I would say my mom and I both really struggled with that tremendously for years. It was one of the I think the biggest roadblocks to my business career is one of the biggest roadblocks to hurts. And so I know I can say in both of our lives, that it was a direct had a direct effect on our income was to literally just not care what anybody thinks and realize it's not our job to make them think differently. either. Okay? Give yourself grace, to make mistakes, and to mess up. Give yourself grace, to not work the five steps if you don't want to today, or the next day, or the day after, and not beat yourself up. It's a it's a balance, because I'll talk about taking imperfect action and then people end up on so burnt out or they assume that I'm meaning burn yourself out by doing all this. You want it to come from a place of all of these steps, you want it to come from a place of fun, and enjoyment and ease and where you're excited. And one of the best ways that I found that helps with that is I go for walks around my neighborhood a few times a day, or I'll go on my elliptical and it will literally help me kind of just by moving my body change up the state of mind that I'm doing I'll often go write my copy after I've eaten a meal versus before I've eaten and I and it'll literally take me out okay, I haven't eaten. I can't know where it's coming out of the page. As soon as I eat and I go for a walk. I got a whole sales page written. So why would I work and strive like 10 times harder other than for feeling the need that self punishment and hard produces results. And I think that that's a huge lie that's taught to people is that the harder it feels the better the results are going to be. That's not the case in this business, intentionally making things harder than they should be, is going to produce much worse results, you want to take a more lazy approach to your business, you want to take a more, how can I get as much done with as little work as possible approach to your business. Because you want to become more prolific at your offers. One of the big mistakes that I see people make is that they only give themselves one or two at bats are one or two shots at the goal. And so like if you're playing soccer, and you got a goal right here, and you got you got a goalie right here, and you're shooting the ball in and he blocks it, you made one shot and a lot of people are building up for their one shot, one opportunity to score a goal would really they need to be making like at least 1212 shots a year. And then getting to the point where you might be making 24 and even 48 shots a year. Because each time you do it, you get better your accuracy gets better. So it's not even the sports example isn't even accurate. Because the more shots you take, it's going to be an upward trend for you. But only giving yourself one opportunity to put something out there and that's it is is not going to work for you, you need to actually like keep taking shots, and realize that it's more about being prolific than perfect. Being prolific

[829:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: having multiple, okay, I got this offer done, we analyze the results, now we're going to launch another offer, we're going to do another virtual event, we're going to get more people in front of us. And you're going to end up saying the same things, by the way in your events, but they're going to be two different people. And so you're gonna be repeating yourself, if you are repeating yourself exactly the same, you could run a recording. What I found, though, is that in running virtual events for almost a year straight with myself with Joshua with Rick, is that it took almost 12 to 15 times running our event, before we even got close to saying okay, now we can record it. Because we kept changing the offer copy and the niche each time. We kept analyzing the results and honing in honing and honing and more that way we needed the real, why do you do this so that you you need less people to close a sale. So that so that you're qualified so that you're bringing in more qualified people, so that you're bringing in people that are more likely to already be ready to buy from me. And so that's why we do that is because you want to be able to not work as hard. This is how you can learn like, not work as hard. Because as you dial in your offer copy as it gets better and better and more accurate. Essentially, it's like training your training both the artificial intelligence on Facebook, with your audiences, and your your, your, your honing in the message so that it attracts a better person. And so really writing your offer copy is essentially you're training the algorithms to show your content to better people that are more likely to buy from you by honing that in, okay. And so a great example of this, again, is to look at who else is out there that's already running ads. Who else is out there that's already reaching people who else is out there that's already connecting with customers connecting with consumers and you can get ideas from the copy that other people have out there and put it into Jasper, and that will help you with writing your offer copy. Okay. Last couple of things, two more things. People skills and communication skills are going to be the most important skills to learn. Especially when it comes to when you launch. And then you actually do your event. And so in virtual event playbook, I break down. What do you say in your virtual event that actually gets people to buy from you. The book The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort is one of the best books when it comes to framing your mind as to what you say to people actually. And I do have I'm planning on recording a sales and community Haitian corpse here in the next couple of months, because I know that it's so important for people to really grow in their ability of how do they connect how they communicate with people. And selling is about creating an environment where you attract the right people in the environment. And then you create an atmosphere where they're ready to buy from you. You're not teaching when you're selling, you're not teaching. When I do a five day event, when I do my one day virtual events, I'm not actually teaching, it might seem like I'm teaching, but I'm not, I'm actually selling the whole time. Now I'm mixing teaching into the selling. But that's part of the process. And that's something that you can grow and skill at. And the only way you grow in skill that is, again, sales. Officer Melissa sales is like sex, you only get better at it by doing it, not by reading about it. Not by learning about it, not by watching videos about it, you get better at it by doing it, you get better at selling by doing the work by doing your virtual events. You'll get better at it by actually doing the work and you're going to discover what are the areas what are the mindsets? What are the mental blocks, what are the limiting beliefs that I have that are stopping me from succeeding? My client, Don Palacios, what did 10 virtual events two years ago didn't make a dime.

[903:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then she read the book, you're a badass at making money. And her next event, she did six figures. It was because she had a limiting belief about her worth. And people spending money with her that she wasn't worth people spending money with, that she wasn't good enough yet for people to spend that much money with. I'm telling you, your self esteem and belief of how much you believe you're good enough. And you believing that you're good enough has nothing to do with your performance. She didn't perform any better. It was 100% related to mindset made her six figures like that. And so by getting better at sales by addressing what are the underlying root issues as to why I'm not selling, why I'm not connecting with people, by being teachable by saying there are things that I don't know how to do that I need to learn instead of assuming that you know it all already, you'll be able to make great money in your business. Okay. And so, we're going to we're going to take our break now on this hour and then we're going to go back into helping you guys work through writing your offer copy, launching your offers creating the landing pages and go through the different steps again together and so again, make sure that you have the the Jasper questions the questions that we that we talked about in our in our community questions, make sure that you have those answered, I'm gonna actually share the screen right here those of you wondering, yes, I did raise the price to $1,000 on this. So if you click to enroll, that is what it is for people to join this event. I did like a 24 hour promo 57 And then it's 1000 So all right. There's our there's our timeline. So we will be back at 1215. Eastern 1115 Do you guys see the right screen?

[943:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're back at 1215 Eastern 1115 Central Time. 915 Pacific

