FRIDAY
Date: 2022-10-09T00:11:29.000Z
Duration: 69 min
Otter ID: ISOZj_UO4swBCZM8lxkZ8YI53ck
---

[1:28] Speaker 0: Good morning Happy Friday

[8:47] Sandi: got a new neighbor out there looking for something and I'm keep thinking what in the world are they looking for

[14:04] Sandi: it is a good morning I will explain to you guys some insights about unemployment and several things with the market this morning soon as we get started

[22:22] Sandi: lot of the oil stocks are doing the best in my portfolio

[24:06] Speaker 0: which makes sense

[25:22] Sandi: a lot of what you see happening with unemployment in the rest of the market the oil stocks may be very insulated from some of that because their movement is being stimulated by

[29:40] Speaker 0: the whole OPEC deal.

[39:39] Sandi: Yeah, Kelly to that that was quite the risk hanging on to sq Q's overnight because the unemployment report can cause a lot of problems. Let me see. John says he's having a hard time getting on. Which is odd considering everybody else is here.

[52:29] Sandi: See if that works if you can get on

[55:17] Speaker 0: that's interesting.

[56:09] Sandi: That Let me see 131 of you could get on and then some of you. The link said it was expired. Sounds like a zoom issue.

[59:43] Speaker 0: So

[60:17] Sandi: as I was saying,

[61:21] Speaker 0: if you

[61:48] Sandi: if you held the SQ Q's overnight, that's probably one of the biggest risks. I would have never done that. Because the unemployment when you begin to understand the unemployment report will dictate a lot of what's going to happen in the market period. Like what's happening with the feds what's happening with everything else when unemployment goes down the market. I mean when when unemployment the reports are bad. And the reports go up more people lose their jobs. The market goes up because companies have more money. A lot of companies are doing what's called cutting the fat. However, a lot of companies are not just laying off. I hate using this word but it's the only word you can they use this in in the majority of people typically who are first laid off or people that can be easily replaced. Meaning I would lay off all the people that if I need to rehire six months to a year from now, it won't be hard for me to do that. Then you go into salaried employees and contract employees, because then it's getting a little harder To replace people, then you go into executives. So when companies start laying off executives, a lot of people who've never owned companies never had large payrolls wouldn't understand this, when you start laying off executives, you're talking major moves to lower the cost of production and lower the cost of what it's taking, to do what you do. And here's the thing. It's not just companies that produce products and goods, it's any company, even a company like mine, I, there are many seasons, when I've had to layoff 90% of our staff, because of the fact of people are spending less money. Therefore, it's taking more for me to get one client. It's not that we're losing a lot of members, because a lot of times we're insulated with that. But whatever it takes me to get a client can double an inflation. And when it starts costing me twice as much to get one person, then I have to lay off a lot of people. So we were hoping I mean, this sounds bad. But we were hoping for more people to be unemployed. So when there's less people who are unemployed, the market is going to drop, and more companies are going to have to make drastic cuts. Now one of the things that we've talked about repeatedly and may not have understood it now, except for the context of now is when you have a lot of people who are leaving their jobs and not collecting unemployment. You know, a lot of the people lost their jobs in the pandemic, and they didn't get unemployment with that. They were let go and didn't get didn't get an appointment for that, and then start your own thing or go into retirement. That's gonna mess up. The typical method of unemployment rates, fed rates, how we handle inflation and everything else. So these are some of the challenges happening. Plus, we have a goofball in the White House. So that doesn't help at all.

[115:41] John: You just have to just scooted it in there love

[117:13] Sandi: it. No, that goofball is not what I'm thinking. But I will be nice to you on this nice Friday.

[120:41] Sandi: I can think of several expletives but anyway

[122:34] John: that was a nice way to put it, it really was.

[123:21] Sandi: So and the prices we're seeing right now, like, I'm not sure they're gonna drop much lower. Like we're getting near to what many people call a bottom, we're getting very close, and many companies to their 52 week low. So when this happens, you know, there's a rally up because now there's more money to spend, there's more people are buying the lower prices. It's an interesting cycle to pay attention to the more research that I do of all the different unemployment rates. It's it's it's quite predictable. However, you have your oil stocks that are what I call insulated from all of this because the OPEC problem is driving massively. What's going on with those, I actually took a small loss a couple $1,000 with some of my shares of Apple and bought a quarter of a million dollars more. And I'm not like trying to impress you, I'm telling you, that's where my money's going. Right now. 85% of my money is in oxy CVX and X om. And I'm not sure if it's going to be for two months, six months or a year. This whole OPEC thing is an extenuating circumstance that affords us an opportunity to make an enormous amount of money.

[144:27] Speaker 0: So yeah there's the spy. 367 at tapT. Spike, huh? Yeah.

[153:39] John: And then everything. The big leaders are following the spine.

[155:15] Sandi: st pas app for oil, that's going

[156:18] John: oil is going pretty

[157:15] Sandi: well, which is why I was willing to take you know, it's a big loss, a couple $1,000 loss on Apple to be able to get more oil yeah

[161:01] John: I know a bunch of you are in oil you take advantage of this Harmon, who's the who's in oxy? Who's an ex LM who's in CVX? Let us know

[166:35] John: I couldn't, it was hard to find anything moving except oil. I saw that Lucy was moving. That was the only one that pulled up in the scanner.

[169:24] Sandi: Alexa, I don't know about the 52 week high being any sort of logic to apply to where the oil prices are going to go. Because what's happening with OPEC is really big extenuating circumstance, and it's going to like oxy is just going right now. Yeah, it's going to affect the 52 week highs. So I don't know that there's any logic of the fundamentals that you could apply there. I don't know that CVX over xon is even, I mean, the amount of time that people are going to spend trying to fix figure out which one is better, you could be leaving $3 a share on the table. Right? So make a decision and get in if you want to get into oil. It's the same thing. I told my children yesterday who were asking me okay, Mom, what's going on with this market? And where should I be allocating my funds and I was like, get your funds in oil. Get it in oil, the amount of money I think you can make an oil right now is going to was going to be greater than you can even make in tech with what's going on. Now. Again, don't expect this to be something that I mean, I don't know. I don't know how long the whole OPEC thing is going to happen or what. But it's a it's a very big deal. And I find it very intriguing that they all of a sudden stopped talking about it.

[192:00] Speaker 0: Yeah. Like

[193:55] Sandi: oh, ad

[194:36] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[195:29] Sandi: Like last I heard Barton's Biden's trying to legalize marijuana. Why? So he can get all the dope heads to vote for him? Somebody dropped the mic. Um, but here's the deal. If he does legalize marijuana across the board, you all realize there's millions of people who are going to be let out of prison, right? And these are millions of people who, in my opinion, are not criminals. If you went to jail for a dime bag, and now I go to the dispensary with recreational and I can buy whatever I want. Why are you in jail? Because your state is different than mine. That's insane. Now let's look at this from the markets perspective and from business. If you had let me find out right now

[207:05] Speaker 0: how many people in prison for marijuana 2022?

[211:15] Sandi: So he pardoned 1000s of people but um it's gonna be a little bigger than that.

[215:53] Sandi: How many people are in prison on marijuana? 2.3 million. Wow. Let's say 2 million people get released into the economy. Let's say 50% of those are Upright Citizens who just got caught with a small amount or whatever, who will immediately go into producing income spending income, etc.

[223:57] Speaker 0: That's a lot. That's a lot of people injected into the economy. So think about that. I just want to say I am so happy that

[227:41] John: a bunch of you got into oil stocks. And

[228:37] Sandi: and there's 2.3 million people overall that was I'm wrong. 2.3 million people overall. But at a federal level. Are you ready for this? 47% are serving a sentence of any length because of a small minor drug offense.

[233:31] Speaker 0: Wow. Almost half Mm hmm. That's

[236:48] John: so disheartening. You know, like it's just timing, right? It's just because they got caught.

[238:43] Sandi: It's just it's it's, it's Did you hear that I was like,

[241:33] John: we need to a soundbite that

[242:17] Sandi: if I had not. Okay, so when I use cannabis to wean off of opiates, I'm going to teach my inner circle how I do market research. I'm not exaggerating, when I say I did almost 1000 hours of research, not exaggerating, I spent a solid six months researching 50% of my entire day. Okay, that's how I knew what strange to use, etc, etc, etc, and created my own protocol. But I also was very,

[250:31] Speaker 0: um,

[251:01] Sandi: my mind was opened up to an entire world about cannabis that I wasn't aware of, and why it became illegal in the first place. And what a big threat it is to Big Pharma, and how much money the federal government wants from it, and they're not getting, etc. So there's a lot at stake, to pardon people at a federal level and leave people in prison at a state level, is just showing another level of how insane Biden is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. He pardoned people who were at a threat of federal level, who are incarcerated, but he didn't pardon people who were at a state level like. So Glen, what I suggest that you do is you trade either pre market or after hours. John primarily built his first first portfolio after hours while also working a job, I recommend you get the premium version of trading view, you can actually get 50% off, they actually sent me an offer to pay $5,000 and have trading view for life. So that was interesting. The thing that you're going to have to do is be very disciplined. And I would strongly recommend that you do a lot of long holds as you're learning. By the way, any of you who have any amount of money to invest in, you're not doing anything because you fear you lack skill. Why are you not putting your money in a long hold that doesn't require any skill at all, other than to purchase the share and let it sit. Now normal activity of a long hold my friends, is up and down and up and down, and up and down and up and down. So you get your first taste of I must discipline my emotions, that when it drops, you didn't lose any money, you don't lose any money to yourself. So ignore the red, when it drops, celebrate the green when it goes up. But while you're learning, put your money into something that is a long hold that doesn't require you to oversee it. And then learn how to day trade on the side. I only do about 10 to 20% of day trading even in a bull market and I'm that's all I'll be doing because I make way too much money along holds. So don't let your goal be having a ton of money so you can day trade. Let your goal be having money that you can invest long term, especially in this market.

[295:09] John: In this market especially.

[296:04] Sandi: I personally even in a bull market, there's a lot of people who day trader just kidding themselves, saying they make a lot of money because they actually lose everything they make. Yeah, and so, um, I just think even in a bull market, it's a great opportunity to make a lot of money in long holds.

[301:24] Speaker 0: I am

[301:56] John: I just want to say like I, I love the amount of people that are in oil, because the charts I'm looking at it, if you entered within the past four days, you are making money. The chart is just showing that. And I just want to say this is why it's so important to hang around the right people. Those of you who are showing up every morning, I know a large part of you would not have taken advantage of the ideas come from hanging around the right people. So I encourage you guys, the ones who are showing up. I know it's it's affecting your lives.

[312:43] Sandi: And here's the thing when we're looking at long term holds, we always want to think about building for our future. Yes, okay. However, there will be extenuating circumstances where things will come up because of a situation that's developing with the feds with the government with oil with some sector that will now give you an opportunity to make a large amount of money or more money in a small condenser validated amount of time until they rectify that the amount of money that's going to be available in oil will be until this whole OPEC thing rectifies itself. Okay, now, obviously Warren Buffett knows a lot more than we do. And he's not day trading and he's not having a fit about the oil prices going up and down and up and down. And he's been buying oil, like for a long time. So it's always important to realize that even though you have a long term hold mindset, there can still come search situations that will require you to make a decision for the overall long term benefit of your portfolio, but you'll make a decision for the short term benefit. We're not day trading oil, we're not even swing trading, we're hanging on to it during the time period of you know what's going on in the market. Now there's going to be drops like you see right now, and that's when people are going to get in. So don't freak out every time something goes down. If every time something goes down your brain says What's wrong

[337:39] Speaker 0: you got to fix that. Because you can't think

[339:00] Sandi: when you're looking at problem you can't think in a negative state of mind you cannot it's worse soil to make a decision. If all you're trying to do is protect your losses, you won't make wins because all you're focusing on is your losses. So train yourself to not be oh oh my god is going down. Oh, it's going down my ring. Oh, it's going down. We've got to stop that. We've got to be much more mature with our decision making in our money isn't that funny? And when when's the last time you heard that over the pulpit?

[349:26] John: A lot of what we see you don't see here in the Pope

[350:30] Sandi: was the last time you heard from the pulpit you got to get far more mature governing your emotions and managing your wealth.

[352:25] Speaker 0: No let's all

[353:12] Sandi: just prophesy millions of dollars over each other and not do anything to make it happen. Because we're waiting for God to drop a money truck on top of us

[358:15] Sandi: it is a show the partner in federal marijuana cases. Biden's running out of people to to get to vote for him if I see them I think the most astounding thing to me is I actually ran into a few people who actually voted for him are very proud of voting for him and are very mad of anybody who didn't vote for him and I'm thinking

[366:21] Speaker 0: okay. Well, spider still going down. Yep. Once it breaks

[368:47] Sandi: 7357 is its 52 week low.

[371:51] Speaker 0: Interest I know some of you are in SQ as you're happy now it's going up. So

[375:44] Sandi: people ask me all the time. So why do you keep saying this is the time when you can make the most amount of money. I actually have some people cursing me out on social media, calling me a fraud saying How dare you tell people you can make money during this market? Whenever you hear that from someone. And my response to them, if I even acknowledge them is you obviously are not investing. So but the thing is, the reason this is an opportunity to make the most amount of money is because there's going to come a day. And I believe it's going to come within the next few months, if not sooner, where the market is going to rebound. Now, as long as and here's the other thing, you've got the election coming, you have President coming in two years, you have all these other different things happening. So they're going to start grabbing straws and doing things. You always want to get in as as much as you can on these dips. And we'll be here to tell you hey, I think it's going to drop again. So you might want to consider taking some profits Yeah, I don't even want to talk about Kamal as 1994. Crime Bill Kelly. I have not publicly stated my opinion about that woman maybe I should hear huh.

[399:19] Speaker 0: Laurie made over 400 on SQL skin Brad's

[401:23] Sandi: oh yeah there's a lot of pride that people lost a lot of money because they were stupid but they won't they won't say that they'll just blame the market

[403:37] Speaker 0: blaming is an epidemic my problem

[405:45] Sandi: the my most my biggest problem with this administration is baiting people so that you feel like your group of people are considered baiting peoples we weak egos and weak self image to address issues and speak publicly about things that you don't mean but you're just trying to gain friends and influence people in a corrupt way by saying well we're doing this for this people group we're doing this for this people group we're doing this for this people group etc

[416:35] Speaker 0: yeah tribalism telling you

[418:28] Sandi: and it makes me livid because there's there needs to be some massive reform in how we do things and many of these people groups deserve acknowledgement deserve respect deserve love deserve things to be different. So for a corrupt administration to use that as bait and not have any intention of doing so makes me livid. Well, so parading around acting like it's a fantastic thing to have a black woman as a VP, who we question whether or not she even is black, and then to parade that around as though it's an a massive accomplishment, which it would be a massive accomplishment. That should happen. But it didn't. It was baited they didn't take her because they were trying to change things they took her because they want people's votes. That was my opinion. I wanted to say please, please forgive me if it offends you. But I mean, it makes me mad we should have every color of the race in the white in the White House and it should be legitimately because people qualified not because you've got not because you got the white man trying to beat people for votes how wonderful it would be to see a person of color like even like to have an an African American and an Asian in the White House would not be a fantastic president and and vice president like that would be fantastic. You know, and and there's plenty of people that would qualify for that but when they use someone who doesn't qualify for it and paraded around like bait that makes me so mad so.

[454:26] Sandi: Monday is a bank holiday? Columbus Day?

[455:10] Speaker 0: This one day?

[456:08] Sandi: Yeah, Monday the 10th is the market open? Let me see

[458:49] Speaker 0: this hurricane got me just

[459:34] John: like I forget what day

[460:19] Sandi: it's crazy. It's a federal holiday, but it's not a stock market holiday,

[461:22] Sandi: okay. And by the way, no matter what my convictions are or whatever, I have no problem. I'm

[468:24] Speaker 0: not I'm better be quiet. Yes.

[469:29] Sandi: No, I just I have no problem. And I'm strongly supportive of so many different people. And I think you know, there's so many people who could be such an advantage to the White House, but to use that as bait is a level of manipulation that it just makes me so mad. Yeah. Thoughts on threat by Putin?

[478:58] Sandi: I think the White I think America is in more debt. danger with its enemies than it's ever been. Because we have a weak ass commander in chief right now who has caused serious problems with our enemies

[487:40] Speaker 0: I'm not in Tesla anymore. I'm still in

[488:48] John: Tesla. But that was my long haul. I don't even look at it.

[490:17] Sandi: And the reason I'm not is just because of the amount of money that Tesla can generate for me in the amount of money I had to put in other stocks. I just made a decision to reallocate.

[494:10] Sandi: Loose lips sink ships, and I'll tell you what man Biden's got the Lewis Lucis effing lips I've ever seen in the White House.

[496:19] Sandi: Oh yeah, I'd like to see Candace Owens in the White House. That'd be nice, too.

[498:29] Speaker 0: I would love like her.

[501:20] Sandi: And by the way, whenever I share anything, politically, I am never seeking. This is you know, a lot of people do that kind of stuff because they're trying to prove somebody's wrong. Or they're trying to prove people who believe differently or wrong. I don't. I don't gain anything from them. That's not what I'm trying to do. I'm just trying to open people's eyes. Just like I opened people's eyes yesterday on social media reminding people that in 44 states, you can actually marry someone who's younger than 16 years old with parental consent. As a matter of fact, in I think it's over a dozen states you can marry someone who's 10 years old, and the laws of consent are no longer applicable. We have some massive issues going on. Did you know that there's over 220,000 Youngsters under the age of 14 who in the south of America this last calendar year married an adult talk about a cover up for pedophilia

[516:01] Speaker 0: wow wow in my America well it's less

[521:48] Sandi: never in a million years did I think I was going to step into this pond but I will because of what happened to me and nobody stood up for me the amount of adults who knew I was being abused as a child

[527:30] Speaker 0: McKinney you're right it's true

[533:24] Sandi: yeah, Tesla is definitely a good price for entry if you're looking for one so is apple so Are any of the leaders like big time?

[536:14] Speaker 0: Yeah, I think of buying more apples was really like six the bottom.

[539:51] Sandi: No, I didn't see it, Brian. Maybe I'll have to see it.

[541:44] Speaker 0: Let's buy

[542:04] John: that momentum.

[542:24] Sandi: Someone said they're going to name their next child. Occidental Petroleum. Take that kid away. Glad they didn't name him oxy.

[545:28] John: I would call I would call him oxy for sure.

[546:03] Sandi: Yeah. oxys was taken by a drug manufacturer. So we don't want to Oh, that's true. No, no.

[548:24] John: Okay. Yeah, take that get away. No.

[551:09] John: Oh, Christina, I was just saying Apple is a great company to own and so you know, I want to buy more.

[554:00] Sandi: Let me read some other statistics to you that some of you might not have seen on my social media. Did you know that fentanyl is the leading cause of death in all Americans between the ages of 18 and 45. The number one reason people are dying right now between the ages of 18 and 45 is because of fentanyl overdose and I'm wondering why people aren't talking about this because we've got people dying at a rate faster than happened with COVID. Maybe it's because it's not on your social media and it's not all over the news. Did you know that 33 children under the ages of 18 died this year in Arizona, because fentanyl became repackaged to look like a sweetheart. You can go to your local pharmacy, I'm actually going today and ask them for Narcan. You do not need a prescription. If you are an adult who cares about children it is in your best interest to go to your local pharmacy and get some Narcan. Why? Because if you ever see a child who has inadvertently Odede on these little sweet tart candy looking sentinels Narcan is their only hope aside from a miracle of surviving. Wow. And we need to talk to our children. These are hard issues, but you need to talk to your children. We're talking children eight, nine and 10 years old. So first we what they went after masculine men. Did you know that the level of testosterone in men right now is dropped 40%. The level of testosterone and men between the ages of 20 and 45 is 45% is the level of a seven year old because we have created effeminate men who are no longer masculine whose testosterone levels have dropped. Then we went after the motherhood and we made motherhood unattractive we started calling women not mothers, but you know milk producers and birthers and now they're going after the children it's time to wake up

[591:12] Sandi: gentlemen, I implore you please get your testosterone levels checked. It's a very inexpensive prescription that you can take from a doctor to Supplement

[595:13] Sandi: not to mention when your testosterone starts dropping your disease rate starts doubling and tripling

[597:41] Sandi: I read something yesterday that more than 50% of people now in our population are not married. Do you see the attack on the family unit?

[600:39] Speaker 0: Yeah. Big time.

[604:55] Sandi: Yeah, they're hiding it and Skittles and nerds. You're right. Carry the going back to fentanyl. Fentanyl. Like these kids, these a lot of these people who are dying are not because they're addicts and someone laced their drug. It's because young kids think it's fun. And they're curious to see what might happen. I don't know about you. But you know what, when I was a teenager, that's how I approached marijuana. Oh, my God, I'm so curious. What is this? Do I regret it? Yeah. But I talked to my kids about it. You know, experimentation with drugs is a thing that kids are going to be tempted with. So if we're good Christian families, and we think we don't need to address topics because our good Christian children wouldn't do that. I would hate that your good Christian child that you didn't take the time to talk to isn't the next funeral we're attending. So mommies and daddies get out of your religious box and talk to your children

[622:58] Sandi: and if you know children that adults aren't talking to then talk to your grandchildren God did establish the family way before he established the church that's for sure.

[628:00] Speaker 0: You're right

[631:05] Sandi: there. There are kids who are dying because they sniffed an open bag of fentanyl.

[634:05] Speaker 0: Okay,

[634:22] Sandi: it's well it's basically just looks like a sweetheart. It's not even packaged. They're just passing around. It looks like a colorful thing to open their hand and there'll be a purple one a yellow one. Here. Let me just show you. Let me show you a picture. Okay, Andy.

[638:55] Speaker 0: No,

[639:36] Sandi: American Sheriff um I'd become good friends with him and his wife he's here in Arizona

[641:39] Speaker 0: you guys ready to be shocked that's what it looks like wow see this? Fat no see this fat no. See this? They're putting it nerds packages. They look like Skittles. Rainbow fat now

[648:56] Sandi: with Halloween coming, oh, em gee

[650:30] Speaker 0: look at this fat No. Huh It's a serious issue by the way we don't

[655:29] Sandi: withhold information from our children because we're good Christians and we're afraid that it will influence them. What's going to influence them as a lack of knowledge? What's going to influence them is the fact that you kept it from them and their friend wants to talk about it. So we have to be mature parents and talk about very uncomfortable things. It does take a lot of Narcan to reverse an overdose. I know it does. But there's still records of parents, mommies, particularly who have Narconon, Narcan in their purse and they've actually saved a lot of children. People are giving it to kids because Satan hates our children. Evil hates our children. evil hates the family unit

[671:02] Speaker 0: All righty,

[671:20] Sandi: let's go look back at the market

[673:12] Speaker 2: spy is still going down.

[675:30] Speaker 0: SKUs made it 16

[676:39] Sandi: now there comes a time when your children look at you with a sober respect, a sober minded gratefulness that you took the time to talk to them about something that was very uncomfortable to talk about. By the way, it's not wrong to look your children in the face and say this is very uncomfortable for me to have to talk to you about it. So let's hold hands because I have to talk to you about something that's very scary. Children are not many adults but they can handle the truth far more than they can recover from a massive lie when one of their friends dies.

[690:26] John: Oxy said hit 71 so weird because we were talking about oxy when it was like 60

[692:37] Sandi: oxy hit 72 7202

[693:20] Speaker 0: man so awesome.

[694:38] Sandi: Actually 7204 today

[697:24] Speaker 0: so celiacs Yes, Jenny, you're right.

[705:46] Sandi: Mr. Reese, I can tell you I live two hours away from the border. The border is not secure.

[707:43] Speaker 0: The border is not secure.

[709:36] Sandi: We are the laughingstock of our enemies right now. And my personal conviction is that I'm not waiting for this administration or any administration to protect my family, to provide for my family or to do anything for my family. I'm depending on right minded people in my family and individuals around me. I mean, that's what it's

[717:27] Speaker 0: gonna take Apple 141

[722:41] Sandi: That's a good deal by the way anybody wanting to get into Apple and by the way, I didn't sell all my apple I had 4000 shares and I sold 2000

[728:36] Sandi: Oh, John, I got another bunch of pictures from the little lovers in Hawaii.

[730:06] Speaker 0: Wow

[730:51] John: How long are they gonna be there?

[731:15] Sandi: 10 days. Okay, Bobby and Annie Bobby posted this picture of Annie and a bikini with the with the my faces on fire and I'm I'm crying like like red hot. And he goes That's my wife

[736:58] Sandi: they're so cute. They're getting upgrades like crazy all over Maui. When people find out they're on their honeymoon

[740:39] John: I had texted him some blessings and and he he answered me. Ah, I was like, man, you know, I didn't expect it. I didn't want to interrupt you know, their their vacation. That was really nice to him to

[745:31] Speaker 0: get back with me

[748:46] Sandi: if you only have enough money to buy one or two shares for a long hold, it's absolutely good. Sure. Multiplication is multiplication. I can't emphasize that to you enough. When your mind your neural pathways, your bank account and everything starts seeing you multiply, multiplication multiplies. Okay, when you're constantly trying to protect your losses, and you're living in lack that multiplies, but when you do what you can to multiply what ever you have. It is a biblical principle. It also continues to multiply. I also think your wisdom multiplies to

[758:59] Speaker 0: yep, I believe that. Kim, I personally like

[760:36] John: the three we've been talking about oxy Xlm and CVX. I am partial to Oxy just because when we started talking about it, I thought the price was so low. And you know, Warren Buffett even believes in it so much that he wants to buy 50% of the company and I mean there's just so much about it and if we look at if we look at

[767:15] Speaker 0: the the stock heatmap oxy

[768:58] John: you know is beating a lot of in the growth

[770:06] Speaker 0: so like the price point.

[778:42] John: And guys on so I wrote an article on catalysts. And I released it this morning, I put it in the Facebook group, but I love this type of catalyst. You know, it's just so predictable. You know, when when when the oil supply is going to be short and you know prices are going to go high. And then we started talking about this and it's just been a really peaceful hold. This is not like a day trade where you have to watch it the whole time and make sure you get out and you know you're you're really anxious. This isn't it's it's really peaceful. You just buy it at a good price and wait and watch what happens you know. So we don't know how long this is going to go but it's a significant catalysts that could go on for an extended period of time.

[794:14] Sandi: Kelly Rachel has not had her baby yet. She was serious that she's waiting until Bobby gets back

[797:15] Sandi: Oh Tiffany in order to find some stocks to day trade you're gonna want to read the scanners every day and so go back through the master classes on how to do that how to read the scanners because it's not a matter of picking a stock that day to day trade with you know especially when you're dealing with penny stocks you have to see what's actually being day traded that day

[807:40] Sandi: I think so fi might go up one day but I don't think expecting it to go up right now is is I don't think so. markets going down right

[809:52] Speaker 0: now Christina

[814:24] John: so oxy as long as this catalysts is stay strong but you know you missed a big move already in the past five days so that's the thing with these types of things if you wait too long you could miss it. But I think it's still gonna go up we just have to keep watching

[821:11] Speaker 0: it all right Jane. She's an oil she comments

[839:00] Sandi: there's a cannabis stock TL ry that has a lot of movement right now because of the news of what's going on with Ken with the legalization of marijuana at the federal level

[843:05] Speaker 0: looks like had earnings to

[843:59] Sandi: there's twice as much volume in there right now

[846:03] Speaker 0: and it's just the morning

[851:44] Sandi: Canopy Growth is another one that went up with the news Canopy Growth is CGC.

[858:49] Speaker 0: S tz

[863:58] Sandi: it's interesting to me how with the with what Biden did at a federal level that doesn't necessarily legalize cannabis in every state

[867:37] Speaker 0: it's very interesting salsa man got into oil too. Kim,

[873:27] Sandi: tell me why you're wanting to keep track of all your purchases and sales you can keep keep a trading journal but tell me why you're wanting to keep track of that. Your brokerage keeps track of that and sends it to you at the end of the year.

[876:32] Speaker 0: See V e is a low price oil stock

[882:18] Sandi: but it's a Canadian energy isn't it?

[882:58] Speaker 2: Yeah

[883:06] Speaker 0: yeah

[885:15] John: oh he also broke through the seven before

[886:42] Speaker 0: but should pull

[887:13] John: if it keeps if it keeps above that that should pull the other oil stocks up even further

[889:09] Sandi: Kim check the reporting in the back of TD Ameritrade they may be already keeping a ledger for that for you

[892:56] Sandi: oil stocks going back up Bing Bing Bing

[894:44] Speaker 0: once you're so past that breakout so as a leader let's do that moving up

[905:19] John: well sector oil sector

[905:59] Speaker 0: so moving up stuck a bitterness don't know if there's a brokerage that's better for underage children

[928:00] John: I would assume you're not going to do any like day trading you're probably just going to

[929:17] Speaker 0: like keep it you know long holds

[930:54] John: I would definitely keep it separate than what I normally use Yes sir. So you know, it doesn't really matter in that instance No, maybe pick something like Fidelity or TD Ameritrade just don't make it what you normally use that way you could just set it separate and not think about it

[938:18] Speaker 0: keep it for them ma'am keeps going yeah px D is also going yeah like the whole oil sector.

[951:44] Sandi: Yeah. License to watch higher price one

[952:47] Speaker 0: yeah

[956:07] Sandi: well, obviously the the unemployment rate is a biggie. Yo what's going on with what the market right now

[962:25] John: A lot of investors took that as a sign that fed the Fed is going to continue raising their rates and so it causes that downward motion

[969:54] Sandi: you can do that Sue or you can hold it longer and know that your profit your profits are going to end the oil stocks like it's not going to disappear overnight. Yeah Biden went from talking about how important that thing was with OPEC which will affect every single American family that drives a car that's not electric. He went for no longer talking about that to legalizing pot like

[978:00] Speaker 0: let's just start talking about that look at this over here

[980:19] Sandi: where he does that a lot so let's not talk about that. Sure though. Well, and a lot of people in general dismiss things that they see and they put it out of their conscience because they're afraid of what will be required of them

[988:49] Speaker 0: what oxy? Hu S A

[995:50] Sandi: could be Christina. But as well with some of this downward movement that's happening there's a lot of analysts and investors who are saying it's going to reverse I mean it's not going to keep going down forever and people get out of the market because they believe it's just gonna keep going down and they can handle it you have to live in an expectancy of the fact that prices get so low that people will get back in.

[1003:26] Speaker 0: Samantha the whole

[1009:11] John: sectors oil sectors moving he USA doesn't show as much movement though even though it says here they're into

[1011:02] Speaker 0: crude oil it's just not moving as much as an oxy or XLS or CVX or even PSD pixies

[1020:08] John: There you go Jamie filled that bag and then put it into oil.

[1021:19] Speaker 0: Great strategy that's what I'm doing. Okay, so it's 1029 Someone asked

[1035:44] Sandi: that I would pray for the kids this Halloween. I will do that under one condition. Praying is useless if we don't do something. As a matter of fact, it's offensive to ask God to move if you're not willing to do something And unfortunately, I meet far too many people whose prayers are coming from helpless states, thinking that they can't do anything. So we might as well ask God for some help.

[1044:48] Sandi: The Bible is filled with the reality of obedience, being willing to be inconvenienced, different things like that. So mommies and daddies I mean, is this the Halloween that we pray for children? And we'd be careful? Or is this the Halloween that we pray for children and we refuse to do trick or treating because of how dangerous it is. I personally don't know how you could ever go trick or treating and 100% be safe. If the way that these are being manufactured, and snuck into candies is so dangerous and subtle, how could you be safe? Take Your Child to target yourself go down the aisle of the candy. Ask what they want. That's all they want is a candy and they want to dress up. But you know, I was that radical parent who really didn't care what anybody thought I didn't care what the church thought of me, I didn't care what my neighbors thought of me. All I cared about is what God thought about me, and I'm going to protect my kids. And a lot of the things that I did as a parent that I was very lonely and doing was very different. Most people weren't doing a lot of people are doing now. So I pray right now in the name of Jesus, that we would not act as impotent fools that but we would have courage like a lion, and that the authority of Jesus Christ would live and breathe and move through us to say no to evil, to walk in truth, which is evils massive enemy, and to do what is necessary to protect our children. Even if our pastor doesn't understand, even if our neighbors don't understand, even if our family doesn't understand. And even if our children are upset about it. I pray God that you would visit parents in the middle of the night and stir up the gift that is within them to do what is necessary to protect children. In Jesus name, amen. Amen. Yeah, you could host a safe party with your kids. Um

[1080:45] Sandi: the attack on children can be very overwhelming. So be really careful. Getting into a situation where all you do is talk about it. Where all you do is talk about how bad it is. That's exactly what the enemy wants. And social media makes that poisonous. It's important to get information out there, it's important to talk about it with people. But if all you're thinking about is how dangerous it is, and what can I do, and you start feeling helpless, as soon as you start feeling helpless, you have now taken the enemy's bait. So we have to talk about these kinds of things, to bring in awareness to activity, not to overwhelm not to get sucked into the the whole, you know, fawning over all of how horrible it is, and what can we do? And that's a dissociative

[1093:16] Speaker 0: method. So we have to do something.

[1094:22] Sandi: I don't have all the answers. I'm not sure what you're supposed to do. But I pray that we would do what we can and do what we should. So I'll talk to you guys on telegram. Thank you for always listening to me. And I hope that you realize how much it's important to me that this is a safe space for these topics. I don't expect that you will always agree with me. I don't need you to agree with me. But I want you to fulfill the destiny that's on your life and your family. And I just pray above all things that you would do that and that you would prosper and that you would be in good health as well as prospering financially and mentally and that your soul would prosper ahead of all of it. So talk to you soon.

[1105:03] John: Bye bye. Have a great weekend, everybody.

