Day 3 - What Are Our Current Inner Circle Worship Songwriters Saying_
Date: 2022-06-29T19:01:25.000Z
Duration: 51 min
Otter ID: 3fPN3d2tks7qK7Rg5fMKtUo-dGo
---

[101:33] Speaker 0: What's up, everybody? Welcome, welcome. Welcome to today's broadcast. This week we are talking about the inner circle. Look, I got some fun, make believe drumsticks today anyways, guys applications open this Friday for the inner circle, it's going to be incredible. Right now we've got almost almost 10 to 15,000 people in this songwriting community. And I'll tell you this, we're not going to be accepting 10,000 people into the inner circle. So the way it works, guys is this Friday, we told you guys yesterday that we would be telling you guys today the exact time that the applications will go live because here's how it works. We only have room for a few number of applicants. So basically, the way it's going to work is first come first serve. Okay, you want to make sure this Friday to set your alarm for this Friday, July 1 at 9am Central Standard Time. Someone dropped that in the chats for me there this Friday, July 1 9am, Central Standard Time, okay. 9am Central Standard Time, that's when the applications will go live. The link will be here in the Facebook group, we will text it to you we will email it to you. And it is it's going to be live when it goes live. You will have just about three days to get your application in and then the doors will close and that's it. Okay, so you don't want to miss that. Guys. I'm going to be doing a little bit of a training today but before we do let's bring on Adam carpenter because my man Adam carpenter, he is the inner circle with me what up man? What up? He know. Are you ready for this? We're gonna get some more inner circle peeps go on training them and getting them launched, helping them achieve success helping them grow their impact their influence and their income by simply getting their music out there to be heard by the masses. What do you think about that?

[137:12] Speaker 1: Yes. And I think the key is the right way.

[138:29] Speaker 0: The right way someone put in the comments right now the right way. Come on, drop it in the chat. Drop it in the chance, the right way, y'all I'm telling you there is a wrong way to do this. There is a right way to do this. When you are accepted into the inner circle for those who are. We're going to show you the right way how to do this guys. Here's what I don't want for you. Okay, I don't want for you to try to figure this out on your own. Do it the hard way. waste all this money, be embarrassed get your heart crushed, because it's not that you don't have amazing songs. I bet you do. It's not that you're not anointed. I bet you are. It's simply that the Bible says this, my people perish, for lack of what? What did my people perish for they perish for lack of knowledge. Someone dropped the word knowledge in the chats, knowledge, knowledge, knowledge. It's not that you're not anointed, it's not that you're not a good songwriter. It's that you don't know the right way how to do this. Adam carpenter and I as long as as well as our guests are going to help you the right way. But we're not just going to coach you, Adam. We're giving them some incredible services as well. Before I jump into the training today, guys, Adam talk to us. If they get accepted into the inner circle, they're going to receive I have an exclusive publishing administration deal with watershed music group that means they get to keep 100% of their royalties. This is the same deal that you have helped. And we've helped Stephanie grad singer Maverick city, Jeremy riddle and others talk to us about it, man.

[164:38] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's actually take that further is, you know, on top of the coaching and the answering questions that you have, for your, you know, for your journey and scenario, work, watershed has come alongside to say, hey, we want to support you guys not just give you information we literally want to support right. And we're not charging any kind of administration fees on your on any income that comes in. But it's publishing administration, which is the management worldwide of your songs as they're used out in the world, the streaming platforms and everywhere, collecting all the income for you and bringing it all back through our 11 year old ecosystem. The second thing is also what we call record administration, should you basically we're going to distribute your music, and do some pretty robust things around that all free of charge, just because we want to help.

[179:55] Speaker 0: Absolutely, guys, if you are accepted into the inner circle, you're going to get the same publishing administration deal that we've done for some of those amazing people. You'll get royalty management this one is the these next to Adam are mind blowing to me what we're offering, they will get direct access to over 3000 venues and festivals that will pay them to come play their music live at their events. Like this right here is insane. Y'all are looking where else can you get a list of even five venues that will say hey, we want to pay you to come sing your songs like this is This is unheard of, you literally can't get this anywhere else, you'll get access to all 3000 Plus venues, I think it's closer to 3400 over 3000 venues and festivals that will pay you to come sing your songs, you're gonna get direct access to over 3800 playlists, somebody in the comments, leave the word playlist. Later, you're gonna get access to 3800 playlists, people who are looking for music just like yours to feature on their playlists, guys, even if a small percentage got back to you. Your your music now is on display for millions of people. Like where else can you get this? You can't get it on YouTube. You can't find this on Google. Listen, if you are accepted to the inner circle, there's in person VIP artists coaching, we have an exclusive worldwide distribution deal for your music and your music videos. Adam talk to us about it because watershed is administrating that we're going to put their music and their music videos out there as far and wide as possible. Talk to us

[208:14] Speaker 1: about it. Yes, I guess that didn't jump slightly headed but along with the publishing administration is the record administration which basically means like Rick mentioned, your your recorded music, including your videos you Mike whether it I'm sorry that you make whether that's a performance video, a lyric video, and there's more to it. But we can release your audio and your video to through a high level supply chain to all the major and a lot of minor digital platforms worldwide. Collect literally any income that will be collected or derived from your recordings. And it's not just the same thing as district ID because there's actually a few other pieces to it that they don't do. And we just simply want to help provide our infrastructure for you to come and do your thing through.

[221:14] Speaker 0: Guys this this is crazy unheard of, because if you're an indie artist, it's basically virtually impossible for you to get a video music distribution deal for your videos guys like this literally doesn't exist. But it does if you get accepted into the inner circle. Okay, so no, we're not just throwing your music up on CD Baby geyser is a high level process. We're going to run your music through to ensure that it gets the most viral attention possible. Incredible guys, multiple in person co write opportunities, multiple weekly coaching sessions. So twice a week we're coaching you were hyping you up or giving you wisdom and insight. You will get a year worth of song reviews. So literally for a whole entire year. You're going to be submitting songs and we will be giving you constructive critiques to help your songs become the best that they can be. You will get access to mine and Adams personal relationships. It literally took us 20 years to build these relationships. You guys get them in an instant. That's the beauty of mentorship. mentorship, it can collapses time. And one of my mentors says it like this. through mentorship, you can collapse decades into days. What me and Adam two decades can literally take you two days. Because of the power of mentorship, you'll get access to our personal relationships with some of the top global worship leaders and songwriters be able to learn from them, ask them questions get connected to them. 24/7 access to Adam, myself and our whole community on a platform called Marco Polo, it's video texting, and it's lit y'all someone say lit in the comments, drop some fire emojis in I'm firing myself up. There are multiple in person mastermind events. So guys, our first mastermind VIP coaching, and songwriting co writing event is coming up in September. So for those who apply to this round of the inner circle and get accepted, you're going to be here with us, you're going to be here with us. And it's going to be absolutely nuts, y'all. Not only do you get all of those things, but those who are accepted are going to get access to our music launch master's program. Guys, this is like a $30,000 coaching program course, all these crazy bonuses, you'll get access to that as well. And on top of all that, you will get two free tickets to the upcoming songwriters Launchpad event, which is literally I think four or five weeks away here in Austin, Texas. Okay, so it's going to be nuts. It's going to be absolutely lit, I'm fired up, Adams fired up, our people are fired up. In fact, speaking of our people, before I jump into today's training, so I got the whiteboard here behind me. Today, I'm going to show you guys and teach you guys a little bit. But before we do, I have been so pumped and so honored. So excited to be interviewing some of our students this week, current students who are in the inner circle right now. Now, here's the thing. Here's the Preface. I've not talked to any of them about hey, can you say this? Can you say that? I don't know what any of them are going to say? I don't know if they're going to come on say I hate it. They're probably not though, because everybody is loving their time in the inner circle. So Ron, let's get ready to bring on some of our students here. Let's bring on the first guest. Let's see. Let's bring on Laura. What bring on Miss Laura. On to the digital stage because she's fired up. She's killing the game. She's crushing it. She's going for it. The power Gods breaking out. She's releasing music she's worshipping over the nations. Laura, what's going on? Hello, Miss Laura. I am. Let's go.

[286:00] Speaker 2: Guys, and I can I be excited here? Oh, Lord.

[288:05] Speaker 0: Maura, how has it been? You've jumped into the inner circle. And I've personally seen even in the past couple of months. amazing transformation. Talk to us about it. How's your journey been? So far?

[291:24] Speaker 2: It's been life changing, honestly. And I'm a frugal person. I really watch what we spend. And when I looked over what was given to me, I'm like, Okay, do I want to be a turtle or a rabbit? You wanna be an X or a chainsaw? Yes, it's true. And I say this from the bottom of my heart. And not only does it unlock the destiny that God has given for these songs to reach nations, the girls I'm mentoring, I'm training them. It's going beyond me. That mom I love.

[302:54] Speaker 0: Wow,

[303:16] Speaker 2: I really love you guys heart. And even when we signed out, you're giving us more all the time you're adding so much value and I just thank you so much. Have to put in work. You have to put in the work. It's not gonna happen by itself. I do 15 minutes a day of songwriting. Come on. I have three songs done. Three songs within a month. Let's go. So I feel the anointing and the blessing from your anointing on all of us.

[314:58] Speaker 0: Come on. Well, I'm excited because here's the thing guys, listen to what Laura is saying here. It doesn't work. If you don't work. That's one of the big things I'm always telling our peeps. Listen guys, this is not a lottery ticket. I want each and every person who's considering to apply to the inner circle to understand this one thing This is not a lottery ticket. This is a tool in your toolbox. And it's the best tool you could ever receive for what you specifically want to do in your songwriting and worship. But it's simply a tool. And guess what the tool will not do the work for you still, like Laura was saying, you still have to pick the chainsaw up and you have to move the chainsaw. But guess what? A chainsaw is 100 times better than a little rinky dink axe. And if you go and try to figure this out on your own, you're gonna go with your little hatchet in your hand and Miss Laura's over here with the chainsaw, just blazing every, all the trees down and killing the game. Lauren, let me ask you this, because I know that this is a big decision for a lot of people. What was it for you that took you all the way and say, You know what? This is? This is God, this is what I'm supposed to do. I'm gonna commit what was that process like for you? And was it worth it?

[334:32] Speaker 2: I just Oh, so worth it. Because on my own, I had no confidence of where to even take my songs. The tools were not in my hand. So it was a no brainer. I mean, really, it was a no brainer. My husband and I, we looked at each other and who said he believes in my gift. And he's, like, go for it. And if you get accepted, God will provide and we really had, I'm giving this as the eighth thing. I'm getting my uncle, like a graphic artist who said, I'm gonna sell for free into your ministry. I'm gonna you know, people just, and then blessing me coming to see you in July. I am.

[347:58] Speaker 0: Oh, I love that, guys. Here's what happens. Okay, here's what happens when you begin to commit, okay, when you begin to take action, and you actually begin to say, You know what, Lord, I'm not going to be scared. I'm gonna go for it. This is something that I feel like you're calling me into. See, because here's the thing, y'all. A lot of you guys and gals who are watching right now y'all already been praying. Y'all have already been Oh, God, just bring. I wish I had a mentor, Lord, I wish I had an opportunity, if only I could and God's saying, well, here it is. It looks a little bit different. There is an investment, but here it is. And then we always go, oh, well, Lord, you know, I want it a little bit different. I want to do it my way. You can't ask God for a blessing. And then when he drops it in your lap, you tell him? No, Lord, I actually don't want it this way. I want it that way. And God's gonna know. It's right here, baby. Let's go. You got to take advantage of this. Okay, so Laura, real quick. For those who are deciding those who are on the fence, go oh, man, should I apply or not? What would you say to that?

[365:19] Speaker 2: Wow, I would say it's, it's so beyond the value of a bit of an investment. It is beyond it will accelerate. And you'll get somewhere and you'll have them backing you which is everything you need.

[370:05] Speaker 0: Come on, come on, y'all clapper up. Miss Laura in the building. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Guys. We we're just so proud of you, Laura. Thank you so much for jumping in. And we will we'll see you next month. And all the other inner circle peeps here at songwriters Launchpad it's going to be nuts. Rome. Let's get ready to bring on somebody else because we have some fired up ladies in the building today. Who are crushing it, guys. Yes, we got here, Rome. Let's bring on Miss Anna. Let's bring on Anna and see what's up with your girl Anna today. What's up?

[379:43] Speaker 1: It's Evan saying? Hi.

[380:28] Speaker 0: How are you?

[380:50] Speaker 3: Hi, it's an unnerving that I did not know you're gonna ask actually.

[382:34] Speaker 0: Anna, you are in the inner circle. You are growing leaps and bounds. I see your videos being posted in the group. You're in the Marco Polo chat. You're going for it? What has your experience been like so far?

[386:36] Speaker 3: Oh, man, you know, for me, the group is actually what you think. And don't take this the wrong way. I came into investing in new to you but a lot of the girls actually community and it's amazing in it. And that's just brought a lot of freedom and healing and encouragement to be able to step forward and

[393:42] Speaker 0: come on. Now listen, I know for a fact in a year like a lioness coming out of your shell, you're roaring, you're getting the songs going, you're blowing it out. You're prophesying. What would you say to somebody who's maybe on the fence and they're like, I don't know, is this for me or not? Should I apply or not? What would you say to them?

[399:48] Speaker 3: Saying that you He's going through my head as if you want to be more likely to learn from you to learn your best self value. And today also came to mind where the doors of promise will be. So if you're really feeling you need to do this and fear is holding you back. You just need to

[406:56] Speaker 0: come on y'all. Let's go drop some fire emojis for the girl in the comments. Are you happy to jumped in? That's just my last question for you. Are you happy? Was it worth it?

[409:57] Speaker 3: It is because I've been struggling for the last couple of years. And now I'm about to do my first album filled with eight songs and that

[412:14] Speaker 0: Let's go Come on. Come on. That is incredible. I actually didn't even know that. So congratulations. We're so happy for you. That is amazing news. Come on y'all. Clapper up. Clapper up clapper a good job. We are proud of you y'all are hearing it. I mean, I'm telling you what right now y'all. Either someone's lying. Not all these people could be lying, crying and testifying. Right. Like either either something is not true, or it is. And I'm telling you guys, this program is absolutely lit y'all. Anna, thank you so much. Ron. Let's bring on Miss Nisha, your girl, Miss Nisha in the builder Nisha, what's up? Hello. Aloha. Miss Nisha, you're in Hawaii, right?

[425:05] Speaker 4: Yes, I'm in Maui. Yeah,

[425:26] Speaker 0: so some of those Aloha vibes our way some of that Aloha glory. Nisha you you're a bright light in the inner circle. I love to see you pop up in the feed. You know, you share your songs. Tell us about your experience in the inner circle so far, how's it been?

[430:58] Speaker 4: It's been incredible. I, I did not I expected like, amazing, like mentorship and also to get connected with people who are really talented. But what I didn't expect was like in our Marco Polo group and stuff, like just the depth of our conversations, the way iron sharpening iron, like we are really calling each other out and lifting each other up. So that was something that was a complete surprise to me. But like such a gift, because before this, you know, I'm an artist trying to seek out almost like I was praying, Lord, who are my people? Who are the other creatives who are the people that are going after this same thing on your heart that I am. And I've found that here. So it's been so rewarding and so beautiful.

[443:39] Speaker 0: Let's go. I mean, guys, I'm telling you like Nisha is saying here. It's not just Adam and I like, Oh, cool. I get connected to Adam and I, you get connected to the community, y'all. Like I was talking to a young guy today that I'm coaching and mentoring. And he was talking about like, Man, I feel so stuck. And I'm like, Well, who are your friends? He's like, Well, all my friends are really stuck to. And I'm like, Well, duh. That's why the reason why you're not exploding to the next level is because you're only around people who are limited in their thinking way down here. When you jump into the inner circle, you're not just getting coaching and mentoring and world class service from Adam carpenter and I, you also get connected to people like they're saying, in the community, our community is firing each other up all the time praying for one another. I forget who it was yesterday, wrong. But one of the one of the testimonies from yesterday, I forget which one it was one of the gals choose. Like, it's the best church community I've ever been a part of. And it's like, it's crazy. We're not even obviously, we're not a church, but it has that vibe of like prayer, encouragement, crying out for one another, partnering together. You know, it's it's absolutely insane. Nisha, let me ask you this. So obviously there are people who are praying about should they apply or not? And let me just before I ask, Nisha this question, let me let me offer a healthy challenge to y'all. Why is it that people who are praying over something, why do y'all need five confirmations from heaven and a burning bush and an angel but when it comes to sin, y'all don't need five confirmations from the devil to go do it. The devil is encouraging you to do. Why do y'all why do we do that? Guys? If God is putting us on your heart, the opportunity is right here in front of you. Why would you wait? Why do you need 10 Burning bushes just go for it? Nisha, all that to say all that to say Nisha, there are people who are praying about should they apply to the inner circle or not? What would you let me ask you like this? What would you say to yourself? A few months ago, as you were also considering man, should I do this or not? What would you say to someone like that,

[480:27] Speaker 4: I think you alluded to, you know, some people have been praying for like years or feeling this, that they're carrying something or that the Lord put something in them to release. And I've also felt like that just all my life and I knew in the last like, four years, literally, I've just been like, Lord, you have a song to release through me, not just one, but like, you know, there's this song that's inside and I don't know, like, necessarily how to get it out to the world, or how to steward the gift that's inside. And so I feel like there's probably a lot of people who are praying that right, like, God, what do I do? And this opportunity came, honestly, I didn't think that I would be accepted. And so I would just caution people to not write off or let the voice inside be like, Ah, you probably won't get in. And like, maybe you're not that gifted. And, you know, like, kind of the voice that just says, like, Yeah, well, this isn't for you. I would say pray into it and just apply. I got accepted, obviously. But I also kind of asked a few friends like, Hey, guys, I have this incredible opportunity. And I asked one of the guys that I lead worship with and he goes mission, I think God saying yes. So it was kind of like, hello, this is a new no brainer. And I know like Laura mentioned, we call her mama, Laura. But mom, Laura mentioned that she's very frugal person. And I know like people are trying to steward finances well, but I went out on a limb on this, but I knew that the Lord like he's been so faithful to provide, he has been so faithful to provide him with, with the promise is provision. And so that's what I'm standing on. And he's never been Oh,

[507:52] Speaker 0: no, your girl said with the promise comes provision. Hey, yo, come on. But let me also add a little Caboose to what she's saying here. Okay. You don't get the promised land. If you don't have your feet tread. Yes, you take action. If you don't put action to your faith, if your feet don't tread, you don't get into the promised land. That's how it works, y'all.

[515:39] Speaker 4: I remember you saying that. And that has been one of the biggest things in my mind like Nisha, you've got to step into that you've got to tread on that ground. And like, you know, I think people have heard it before. But like, the promise is on the other side of your fear, like God's promise for you. So you just have to barrel through that fear and just take uncomfortable action. A lot of this group are like this. You're taking a lot of uncomfortable action, but that's what's bringing breakthrough. And so yeah, you guys are always challenging us always cheering us on. So it's been amazing.

[524:25] Speaker 0: I drop in pearls on him y'all saying with the uncomfortable action comes breakthrough. It only happens like that, y'all, y'all uncle Rick says it like this, there is no champion without a challenge. Okay, so if you want to become a champion, you got to be willing to face some challenges may be for you right now the challenge is, man should I apply or not? What if I don't get accepted bla bla bla, I'll tell you this right now. I've been saying it all week, you 100% will not get accepted if you do not apply, period. So if you already want to disqualify yourself, then just don't apply. But if you want to step out in faith, if you want to put the application and say Lord, I'm gonna leave the rest up to you. You do the rest, Lord, watch what God will do. Nisha, let me ask you one last question, girl before we let you go, was it worth it?

[538:44] Speaker 4: Oh, 100% I'm so happy. I'm in this group. And I really feel like my prayers are being answered. You know, it's taken a lot of like, stepping out in faith, but like, this is an answer to my prayer. And it's 100% been worth it. I feel so blessed. I'm like, how, how did I get into this this amazing God and he's like, like, I got your back like that. I'm Yeah, so anyway, it's been amazing.

[544:57] Speaker 0: Come on, y'all. Clapper up, clapper up, clapper up, ladies and gentlemen dropped some fire emojis for Ms. Nisha, thank you so much for joining us, girl. We're proud of you. Going for it. I am going to get ready here y'all to do just a quick little five to 10 minute presentation here on the board. But before I do if you're just jumping on applications for the inner circle, go live this Friday. I need about five people in the comments right now to drop this Friday. They go live this Friday at 9am Central Standard Time. Okay, why is that time so important? Because here's how it works. In the over 10,000 people in this community who are interested in joining the inner circle, there are going to be multiple hundreds of people who want to apply. Now here's the thing we only have room for about 1% Okay, so if you Wait until the last second to apply, here's how it's going to work. We're going to be begin to vet and go through applications. And if the if the inner circle gets filled after the first this many applications, it's first come first serve. So you don't want to wait until the last second to to apply, you know later apply as fast as you can to ensure that if you do get accepted, you will get into the inner circle. Okay, so, guys, we're going to switch over here and I want to show you guys a little bit of insight from the book of Genesis today. Okay, let me just write some stuff down here

[571:38] Speaker 0: okay, Rohan, why don't you help me switch over here guys. Here's the thing. Okay, there are people watching right now. And you guys and gals have heard Okay, about the investment it's going to be a 10k investment to jump in. But here's the thing. When you're thinking about that number many many of you guys and gals are thinking man, that's so much and it's this and that and you know what, it is an investment but let me tell you guys and gals something. If you only focus on what you lack, then you are going to stay living in Lac. Okay, and I'm going to break this down for you out of the book of Genesis around why don't you help me here on the shot? Okay, let me break something down for y'all here. So in the book of Genesis, you guys and gals know this, okay? The Lord planted where we are. There we are. Thank you. The Lord planted a garden. The Bible says the Lord planted a garden and he called it the Garden of Eden. Okay, so let's say that this circle here represents the Garden of Eden. Now the word Eden, it means a few different things. The primary thing that the word eaten means is pleasure. Okay, that's the primary thing that the word eaten means pleasure. Okay, the word eaten also means let's put it down here. protection. So when God had planted the garden, he said, I want my people to know that they live in my pleasure. They live in my protection. And they also lived the other meaning for Eden is the word provision. Now, here's the thing, y'all, the Garden of Eden, was the very first representation of God's kingdom coming and being established on the earth. Okay, now we're gonna take me there for a second. Yep. Let me challenge y'all with something. Okay. When you read in the Bible, the Bible says that when Jesus came, He came preaching the gospel. But Jesus did not come to preach the gospel of salvation. What? That's right, the punch line. The punch line of Jesus coming is not just unto salvation to where you can accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior. And then now you have fire insurance. Jesus did not come to preach the gospel of salvation. Jesus came to preach the gospel of the kingdom. Go reading your Bible. Okay. Now I'm talking to some of you worshippers, singer, songwriters, musicians, those of you who feel called by God, to go out into the world and to make an impact for His Kingdom. I need about 20 people in the comments right now to drop the word kingdom. Drop it in big caps, locks, bold letters, Kingdom kingdom, the very purpose why Jesus came was to establish His kingdom in the earth. How are we going to do that y'all, we are going to understand Rome, bring me back to this shot, please, we're going to understand that one of the biggest ways to release his kingdom in the earth is to understand that even like the Garden of Eden was a type and a shadow of his kingdom coming to earth, we need to begin to understand and his people that we are called to live in his pleasure. We are called to live in his protection and we are called to live in His provision. Okay. So if you are focusing on all the all the lack and all that man, I'm never going to have this I'm never going to be enough. I probably won't be accepted. You need a break off that false mindset and understand, you live in his pleasure. You live in his protection and you live in His provision. Okay. Now, let me break it down for you here. The Bible says in Genesis chapter two, verse 16, and 17. The Bible says that God had come to Adam and Eve and he said this. You may eat freely. Let's put the word freely right here. You guys know the story. He said you might eat freely

[644:48] Speaker 0: of me every tree in the garden. Okay. So let me ask y'all a question right now. Okay, we've been talking this week, we've been talking this week about abundance provision we've been talking about, are you worth it or not? Do you believe that you're worth it or not? Right? Let me ask you a question. Bring me back here Rome. Are the words freely and every? Are those abundance words? are? Are those lack words? Let me know in the comments right now, are they abundance words? Or are they lack words? Abundance words or lack words freely in every does that stand for abundance or lack? What does it stand for? That's right, it stands for abundance. Okay. So God is calling us as we live to bring his kingdom to earth. God is calling us to live in abundance. He said, guys, you guys may eat freely of every tree in the garden. But watch this. Then the Lord said, but you must not eat from the tree. He said you but you must not eat from the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. For in that day that you eat of it, it you will surely die. Let me ask you a question. If freely and every our abundance words is the word V. Is that an abundance? Or a lack word? Is it an abundance? Or a lack Word? Let me know in the comments. That's right. It's a lack word. Okay. So God was basically saying, Look, guys, here's how I have it set up for you. When you live in my kingdom, and you live to bring my kingdom to earth as a songwriter, as a worshiper, as a musician, as an artist. You come to live in my pleasure, you come to live in my protection, you come to live in my provision, and there's going to be abundance in all of it. However, you must not eat from the tree in the garden, okay? Now watch this. I'm going somewhere with this y'all. Genesis chapter three, verse one. The Bible says, Now the serpent was more crafty, more cunning, than any of the animals the Lord God made, he appeared to the woman Eve and watch this. He said this? Did God really say? Did God really say? Watch how the enemy does it here? Did God really say you must not eat from any tree in the garden? And he put not eat from any tree? Do you see what the enemy did? The enemy begin to add and take away so he took away the word freely. He said, Did God really say you must not eat from any of the trees. And that's not what God said, gods that they can eat freely from every tree. And the enemy took the abundance that God was trying to put on them. And he switched it up. Now why is this important? Why is this important? Because right now, God, I want you guys to remember something God has made promises to you. God has called you higher. God has told you, you would stand on stadiums. You would shake nations, you would have songs that would impact a generation. God has said certain things. And why is this analogy that I'm painting for you here so important? Because here's what's going to happen in the midst of this opportunity being available to you. The enemy wants you to begin to think about lack. The enemy wants you to begin to think well man, I probably won't be accepted. I probably can't afford that I probably can't do it. And the enemy is starting to twist the words that the Lord has spoken over you okay? Why is this so important? Because here's, here's the principle here, guys. When you change when you change what you say. The enemy knows this. We don't even know this already in 2022. The enemy knows when you change what you say. You will We'll change

[721:15] Speaker 0: what you see when you change what you say you will change what you see. So here's the thing. The words freely and every what does that mean? It means God said look y'all can eat from the banana tree. A cherry tree named some trees for me in the comments mango. Mulberry. What are some trees row helped me out an apple tree. What is it? Fig Tree olive tree? Let's call it a banana tree. walnut tree. mulberry tree. Come on. Yeah. What are some trees with fruit on him Rome. God said, Look, ya'll can eat of all of these trees every freely. He said, I have all of this abundance for you. You can eat from this tree and that tree and this tree and that tree. And this one and that one. Because you live in my pleasure. You live in my protection. You live in my provision. Okay. God said, Look, you can eat from all every and freely. And here's what the enemy does. The enemy says, Wait, Did God really say that you could not eat from any tree? Why is this powerful? Because the enemy started to change what God said. So he began to change what Eve saw. I'm gonna help about 57 people right now. This is Adam and Eve, okay. Here's what I want to bless y'all with Okay. When the enemy started changing what God said about the provision, pleasure and protection that God had made for Eve, and Adam, Eve began to change her focus off of the abundance. And she began to focus on the one thing that she liked the tree. See, II forgot, oh, wait, we could freely eat of every tree. But the enemy began to change the way it was said. So he changed the way that she saw it. Here's what's happening to some of y'all right now, where the enemy's messing with some of y'all right now is God said you'd shake stadiums. God said you guys would impact generations, God said you would change your family lineage. God said you guys would write songs that would impact a generation. But here's what the enemy saying. Maybe you can't afford it, you probably won't be accepted. And so here's what you got to do. You got to change your perspective. Instead of focusing on the one thing that you think you might lack, and the enemy changing what God promised to you, here's what you got to do. In order to get there. You have to walk around all of this abundance, just to get to the thing that you think you're lacking. In this put me put me back in this one room. Here's my encouragement to Okay. This Friday, this Friday, this Friday, this Friday. Applications for the inner circle will go live. I want to encourage y'all don't focus on the lack of focus on abundance. Focus on what God said, focus on what God promised. Remember what God said to you because friends I'm telling you right now, it could either be one day,

[782:26] Speaker 0: or today could be day one. I don't know about you, but I don't want to wait until another hour one day out there. I want this to be day one. To change your thinking from one day to day one. Okay, this Friday, July 1 9am, Central Standard Time set an alarm in your phone. Applications will go live here in the group, the link will drop will email you will text you we will get you the information. And guys, you will have just a few short days to get all the applications in first come first serve. And those who get accepted into the inner circle. Their lives are going to change. I'm telling you that right now. All right. So listen, I'm going to pray for you and then we're going to shut it off for today. We're going to come back tomorrow, same time, same place and we're going to we're going to talk tomorrow about who is the inner circle for who is this for. Okay, who would benefit? How do I apply? Are there any stipulations to apply? We're going to talk about all of that tomorrow, so you can know exactly what is needed. Good to apply for the inner circle. Y'all ready? Holy Spirit, thank you so much that you are raising up a generation of men and women who live in the Garden of Eden with you today, Lord, in their hearts in the spirit, men and women who live in your protection and your provision, and in your pleasure. Lord, I ask right now that you would help us to remember the promises that you've made to us, Lord, that we would not focus on the lack we would focus on the abundance that you are inviting us into. I thank you for it, Lord, in the name of Jesus. Amen. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. Thank you, Adam Carpenter, thank you to our guest gals, the guests ladies who are here with us. Just give everybody one big round of applause. Give everybody a couple of fire emojis in the comments. Ladies and gentlemen, we will see you tomorrow. Same time, same place. It's almost Friday, y'all. It's almost here. Set your alarm clocks this Friday 9am Central Standard Time. Applications will go live. I can't wait to see y'all tomorrow and I can't wait to see a bunch of y'all hopefully, in the inner circle. Thanks for joining me today guys. We'll see you tomorrow.

