LIVE Copywriting Re-Write Day
Date: 2022-11-10T20:18:36.000Z
Duration: 98 min
Otter ID: 01VideUm6Z9-wvmyxYjLaGTEbUw
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right let's do this we're going to

[4:33] Speaker 1: go live in the Facebook group

[5:29] Speaker 0: go live in the group let everybody in Hello everybody welcome to

[11:59] Speaker 1: go live in the Facebook group now

[13:53] Speaker 0: My name is zoom here awesome

[18:05] Speaker 1: so who has their their copy and their sales page ready to review

[20:08] Speaker 0: to rewrite

[23:40] Speaker 1: nobody Okay

[28:15] Speaker 0: Hi Jeremy, I'm actually driving. So if you don't see these because I'm driving but I'm listening in.

[29:51] Speaker 1: Okay, awesome.

[30:11] Wennie: I'm just driving to work.

[30:54] Speaker 1: Yeah. Wonderful. Great to have you here. All right. There's anybody on here today right now live have any copy to review.

[35:57] Speaker 1: I'm not going to review people's copy that are not on live unless we run out of people at the end.

[37:56] Speaker 0: Jeremy, I've got copy that I posted in the group a few days ago. I would be keen to get your feedback on it. Okay. I got posted it on Thursday.

[42:56] Speaker 1: You posted it last Thursday.

[43:36] Speaker 0: Yeah, I think it was Thursday. It was a Word document. I just copied and pasted it all into a Word document.

[47:03] Speaker 1: Oh, yes, I know it was on Sunday. So my my plan is again for the copy that's in the group. I'll review all of that. By the end of this week for anybody. If anybody wants to do it live on here, we'll do it live. Shonda has her hand raised. So Shonda, let's take a look at yours here. How you doing Shonda?

[55:12] Speaker 2: I'm good. Thank you, Jeremiah. And you.

[55:54] Speaker 1: Good. So we'll look at yours live. Again, if whoever posted in the group I will I'll get to reviewing all those in the group if we don't do it on the call here. And anybody who's like not online, we're not going to go over there. Anything that's not if they're not online. So all right, Shonda. Let's see. So you posted your

[64:38] Speaker 2: I have a landing page and then the VIP page.

[65:33] Speaker 1: Okay. Landing Page and nephew page first thing that I would see is I wouldn't put VIP workshop on your image graphic, personally. Okay, I would just say that it's a free a free masterclass. And so I wouldn't Is this the page? Oh, this is the VIP page that I'm looking at. Huh? Okay.

[73:59] Speaker 2: Yeah, because I don't think I have VIP on the landing page.

[75:01] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, pulled up. There was a graphic that said, VIP. And so let's look at this. Okay. Break free from the bondage of fear. Here's bondage and unbelief and in one hour, step by step okay. Um, I'd like A little bit more here because this is valuable real estate right here. Most people who look at your landing pages, they're never going to look beyond this part. No matter how amazing all this is, most people will never get past right here. Like here is the invitation to want to read more.

[86:04] Speaker 2: Okay, so that's the above the fold content that okay.

[87:37] Speaker 3: And so

[88:49] Speaker 1: this is actually really good right here. And you could use some of that up here. The fact that it's an hour masterclass, the date that it is that it's step by step, that doesn't matter. At this moment in time when somebody's right here. What matters is what am I going to learn from this? And then they can scroll down and do that they can scroll down and look at the time. You know, a lot of people ask what time is it and they're too lazy to look at it. Those people also are too lazy to click the purchase button and ever buy from you. And so, we don't want to honor people that are never going to buy from you by telling them what date and time it is before anything else.

[101:05] Speaker 2: Okay, so remove the date and time off of that.

[102:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you'll move it down section, you'll move it down, I would move it down like to this section right here. Okay. Okay. And then I would take this sentence right here, President masterclass, and you can rewrite it to say like, start to recognize the accusers tactics

[107:37] Speaker 1: and break free from the shackles of fear, anxiety, worry, guilt and shame. In This Powerful, masterclass, so, like that could be this right here in big letters. Okay, I would remove break free from the bondage of fear right here. And just keep a prisoner to and I would name it a prisoner to fear no more. Okay, for or prisoners of fear no more. Even the word a isn't needed. I know that it's grammatically correct. But in in copy, you actually want to eliminate as many words as possible.

[119:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and your sentence structure, when writing sales copy is going to go against grammatical rules. Because it's written for people that are skimming, it's written for people that are that are not, they're not reading it, like, and then grading it on. Well, Shonda knows how to write because she's a professional writer. And so I'm going to trust her because this is a perfect sentence structure. But if that's, again, that type of person who's looking at that in your copy is never going to buy from you. So you want your sentence structure to not it's not the way that you would write a book. And by the way, most writers who write books have the hardest time writing copy because of this, because it goes against every rule of actually writing when writing sales copy

[133:26] Speaker 1: you use as few words as possible to get across your your your idea so prisoner of fear no more is what I would call this right here and I would take off break free from the bondage of fear and then rewrite that that headline so right there now that invites us into the story into the narrative and then you put up here finally break free from the shackles of fear so you got break free from the bondage of fear break free from the shackles of fear break free from the bondage as you got the same thing three times up at the top here. Okay, so the fact that the same thing as three times is also going to give pause to people who are a little bit there's just a lot going on there you want the focus to be narrowed and a little bit more All right. All right. Um, okay, how does let's see how to break this divisor fear you have hopes and dreams?

[147:48] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah

[151:49] Speaker 1: I would face spacing here, that would be good. I'm sorry. You could use your word spacing and the paragraph and the lines and words are too close together if you're able to increase the spacing on those. Sorry, I had to mute everybody and then unmute. You again. Um Okay. I'm not liking this very much at all. Now when I say that now this, again, don't take it personally, when I'm like, I'm not liking it. Like, it's just, we got to remove our emotions from this when we're writing copy, you do so on emotionally when we're in a review mode. And so it's there's a lot, this could be condensed a lot, what is the main point that you're trying to get across here? Because my eyes are going cross eyed trying to read this.

[171:33] Speaker 2: Okay, so the main point is, those are words that they say that's like their language that, you know, are researched, and that they're saying to themselves that caused them to feel stuck in fear. Okay. And, and so

[176:24] Speaker 1: you have hopes and dreams, which you have always seemed out of reach?

[177:34] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[178:12] Speaker 1: seem unrealistic, you're not cut out for this, I just don't have enough. So this is a lot of like, going into, like, I feel like this whole line right here, it can be condensed into one, one sentence or paragraph. Because there's, there's a lot of so now there's a lot of negative energy on this page overall. So overall, you're leading with the the, the how hard it is, what they're doing, what they're doing wrong, what's not working out, right. And we need to bring some hope into this. Like, we need to bring some actual hope into what a life that is broken, free from the bondage of fear is, okay. So you tease them with the idea of like, Have you felt like, you know, I'm not enough, I don't have it all together. I'm not cut out for this. And then you validate it. So I'm not going to this isn't copy for you. But I, I would say I'm not going to like rewrite this whole thing right now. But you're gonna have to go back and rewrite some of this from what I'm sharing. So like, Have you ever felt like I I'm not enough. I'm not cut out this. I don't have this together. And then you want to validate it? I totally understand. Whether you like I've been there too. So if you do that right here, I know how that feels. I've been there myself. This this part right here needs to go further up here.

[203:49] Speaker 0: And then

[205:33] Speaker 1: this goes back to what is that desired result? Silence The accusing voice that's holding you hostage. Okay, so we're not even getting to the desired results until way further down the page. Okay, so that needs to be way further up here to where you're like, have you had these thoughts? I've been there. It's time for you to silence the accuser and like you're like, it's gonna go straight for the end result in the in the third or fourth paragraph. Okay, what you have down here, we'll go into that and then you can reiterate you don't have to be a prisoner to fear no more as a woman of faith. Maybe you've wondered why you continue to live in fear anxiety guilt and shame after all you read the Bible it says this chances are you've been struggling with this for years it doesn't have to be that way. If this sounds like you I want to invite you into the prisoner no more masterclass may makes it easier to understand and then you go into these points right here. Okay, okay. Um Your bio listen, I would shrink this a lot more like just two paragraphs of like, why they should listen to you what you've come out of and so after my son took left walk took a left instead of walking right with God he crashed landed in prison Yeah,

[232:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I would actually just condense this down for years I found myself prison and in prison by shackles of fear worry and anxiety but but thanks to God he's delivered me from all over and I live a life three apiece after my son crashed landed a prison. My heart was shattered to bits

[237:56] Speaker 1: then we need some kind of like a resolve to this. I made oh here it is. I made the choice depressant, living Savior. A prisoner no more, I've been coaching. And so those would be the paragraphs that I would pull into this, a lot of this story can be eliminated. Okay, that, so you got a lot of the you got all the right pieces here. They're just the order that they're in is is, is going to turn people off. Okay on the landing page. And so the order that it's actually written, it is kind of like, you want to go into like,

[247:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you struggled with this? So we go over the headline stuff we talked about, then we go to Have you struggled with this? Have you dealt with this? I've been there too. It doesn't have to be that way. Here's a result for you. Who am I? Why should you know? Or sorry, here's a result for you, here's the bullet points, and then you go into who I am, why you should listen to me, I've changed my life, I can help you change yours as well. And that narrative points to people the fact that you are qualified to help them get past where they're at, and have breakthrough in their life. All right, you do so by leading people to that point, a lot of what's going on here that's trying to validate who they are, and it's over explaining why they should listen to you. And I think it'll, it'll just read a lot more confident, and it'll connect with your readers much better by by making the changes that I mentioned

[261:02] Speaker 2: here. Okay, great. I appreciate that. That's,

[261:57] Speaker 1: I think your copy and your words are actually pretty good. Um, it's just the it's just the arrangement of them is really the difference kinda like, you could write a book and you got all these chapters, but you got them in the wrong chapter order to kind of put them in a slightly different chapter order. And then like I said, as much as possible, learning to use as few words as possible, especially when it comes to your headlines and your titles. Okay,

[269:54] Speaker 2: absolutely. That feedback, what about the VIP page? Do you have time for that? Or?

[271:32] Speaker 1: Let me look at the VIP page, your registered, thanks for registering. If you can make the video autoplay, that would be good. I wouldn't have the click to join the Facebook group here. Okay, I would just have where you're inviting them to the VIP. And then they can read about it. And then I would actually like have a button where they say, No, thanks. I'm good. I just want to join the Facebook group for the free session. And then you send them to the page where they actually get the info about the session on that page. So you're not even giving them that info to that session. So the idea is your incentive, the reason you're not giving them that info right away, is you're incentivizing them to actually read your VIP offer to get the info they came for.

[284:51] Speaker 0: Okay. That makes sense. Yeah.

[286:40] Speaker 1: Again, yeah, what you have on here is great. So these are bonuses that they're getting. I think that's good. I think it's just we got the VIP section here three times, I don't think you need that three times.

[290:03] Speaker 4: You can you can share the VIP, can you share that?

[291:23] Speaker 1: Yeah. So that's a video up top here, get the VIP section here. And then you got about the master class had removed that, then you got what's in the VIP again, right here, the VIP bonuses, then you got what's in the VIP again, right here. And then you got who you are. And then you got what's in the VIP again, here, I would only mentioned like what's in the VIP once. And then you can have kind of the rest of like, what's down there, for the rest of the pages just explains it. If they want to buy, they will scroll back to the top and go find the button. And that's one of the biggest things that I again in marketing is yes, it's important to lead people you don't want extra steps. But at the same time, you can be redundant and and it'll turn people off. Because you got the same thing on the page three times, you really only want stuff mentioned on a page, unless it's a really long page. And there's a purpose for why it's long, like my client growth accelerator page. But even if you notice on a lot of my sales pages, and they're an example of that the client growth accelerator page is an example of that, too. I'm not repeating myself. I'm just saying the same thing in a slightly different way. But I'm not repeating the same thing at the same like on the same page. So okay, great.

[311:28] Speaker 2: I appreciate that. Thank you for that name. I'll be working on that today. Awesome. So thank you.

[313:27] Speaker 1: All right. So if you want if you want your copy reviewed live raise your hand on here. I know some people posted in the group. I'll review the ones that are in the group if you're not going to do it here live. I'll review it before the end of the week here just in the group. Ray How are you doing Ray? Hey, What's up girl went Oh,

[320:00] Speaker 5: Let's go. So there's my page that I wanted you to review. I think I kind of got my answer to a lot of questions based on the feedback that you gave just now.

[324:57] Speaker 1: Oh, awesome. So that's what's really valuable about a group session like this is you get a lot of feedback from watching how other people arrange their pages and everybody gets better or the art of connecting communicating and conflict flicked five day relationship challenge cool i like it, I think it's missing it's missing the story though.

[336:58] Speaker 5: That's it. That's what

[337:35] Speaker 1: the story narrative. Okay, so like in that is basically your you tell the story of I actually think the page is pretty good. Like, and this is this is a common occurrence like when I've worked with consulting clients, I used to run into this all the time with a lot of like ministry clients, they would send me a page like this and I'm like, the page is great, except there's a whole section that you'll you'll want to have right here. Okay, guys actually tells the story. So basically, you reverse engineer all this down here into like, a narrative storyline of have like, what is the so what is the problem that they're having? What's the main problem there? These are the problems obviously, but what's like the main relationship

[352:27] Speaker 5: the main problem is the brokenness in the relationship. That's the main problem like

[354:59] Speaker 1: yeah, let's just take this into into Jasper this will be fun. This is why I love the recipe and Jasper is the the epiphany bridge part of it. Have you looked at the epiphany bridge?

[358:43] Speaker 5: I don't have the boss mode.

[359:41] Speaker 1: Well, the boss mode is the is the best mode.

[360:30] Speaker 3: No.

[362:52] Speaker 1: So yeah, so they're concerned about being stuck in a cycle of disappointment and unfulfillment? One sided relationships are overwhelmed

[365:40] Speaker 5: yeah look at their baby run, I love it.

[368:15] Speaker 1: I wish again that they would just automate it to where it like runs by itself but they don't. Because you could literally just say run the whole thing and then like, wait five minutes and it would do it. That's what I wish they had Oh do you think about that?

[374:11] Speaker 5: That is absolutely it. That is how they feel. That is But interestingly, a lot of times that's not really what the case is. The case is that they're doing too much. They're not given the partner with the partner needs from them. They've given the partner what they want to give to the partner. So they're saying oh, I gave I did I tried and I tried and nothing makes you happy. And it's just like, well, I asked you for beef bacon. You keep giving me turkey bacon.

[382:21] Speaker 1: Yeah. But is this kind of what they're saying right here is

[384:18] Speaker 5: they feel like they're always doing the work where they feel like they can't reach them. They can't get them to see their point of view, understand what it is that they're trying to say. And you know, the next is really wanted to work because these are their most valuable relationships, like their relationship with their team. You can't just walk away from you can't break up with your team like you know what I'm saying.

[396:50] Speaker 1: So I'll do that and I'll just put, push compose and see what comes up with. Okay. Exactly how to have a successful relationship that doesn't feel one sided. How to get your partner to listen to you? And finally, feel the appreciation you deserve and want. You see, so right here, just this text right here. You could put that right here. Okay, at the top there, and then that invites them into Okay, who is this for?

[409:37] Speaker 5: Gotcha, that makes

[409:52] Speaker 1: sense. Awesome. Um, here, let me just copy it into the chat for you right there. And you can tweak it and play around with it. But that that right there was just by taking kind of what you already had. That's why what I love to do is I love to take what we already got. And I put it into the Jasper boss mode, and I just see what it comes up with. And it's usually pretty good. We only had to edit it a little bit. A little bit. And you can edit it yourself, however you however you want. I misspelled that one word there, but

[418:55] Speaker 5: Okay, cool. All right. Perfect. All right. So you're saying just add this little piece of copy up in that top section in between? Okay, gotcha.

[422:53] Speaker 1: And then I think I think this needs to change to okay, because I think the title is going to be based around. Ooh, I got something for you break up with one sided relationships.

[442:03] Speaker 5: You are a based.

[443:34] Speaker 1: There you go break up. Yeah, break up on one side of relationships. Now, how did I tell you all like, how did he get that? I listened to my intuition. And literally the words came in my head. Yeah. And that's a big part of it is so like Jasper, I'll read Jasper. And I will just intuitively feel a headline. And that's why when you read when you read headlines when you study copy when you study offers, like when you go on social media and use and you and you scroll through social media and you find different offers, because here's the thing. That's a big boy right there. When you find different offers, like I just I literally I look at every single ad that comes on my newsfeed

[457:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I'm because I'm studying the sentence structure of headlines. You got me doing it, too. I'm studying and yeah, it'll, it'll, it's honestly going to make the world suck, because now all you're looking at is the marketing. But that's okay, because it's going to help you make more money. My mom and I always said that it kind of like when you understand this, it ruins the rest of the world because the filter is removed. Yeah, see how it's all working out? Right? And so and so with that when you study copy more, you'll you'll kind of understand like the way that different headlines are structured. And then that will when you're working through Jasper and all those words, you'll have that sort of intuitive spark of like, Oh, here's a headline, here's an idea. And that's been something that I've been doing to like when I go for when I go for a walk or when I go do something else. I'm not sitting in a desk chair anymore when I'm writing my copy I've been

[474:21] Speaker 1: I've gotten about twice as much done as I did the week before. So I'm like okay, if just going I'm probably going to end up buying a treadmill here that I can stand on and walk on. Because then if I need to I can hop on that and write my copy. I want to find one where I can set my computer at it. I don't really want to desktop Have no because then it gets it gets your creative juices flowing and stuff like that. So any way that you can kind of get into like an intuitive state for me, it can be playing the piano was another thing that does that it can be playing video games even I'll come up with but I'll think about okay, I'm gonna play the piano with the intention to come up with a headline for this page. Think about how I would express that and that helps me tap into that that intuition. Okay, were awesome. All right. Shada, yet another question?

[490:09] Speaker 2: Yes. Just a quick question. This morning, I came across one of your videos, I don't know where it was, must have been on YouTube or Instagram or something. Anyway, you were talking about? Oh, you're promoting what you have coming up Saturday, but you invited them from there to consider the VIP so that they have the benefits of the VIP? Should I mention something like that on the landing page prior to them going over that? Does it have limited time?

[496:52] Speaker 1: No. So I would on the VIP page, but I wouldn't on the VIP page. But you can in your, in your videos that you mentioned, I would not mention the VIP or any price on the page itself. The focus is not because it creates a split focus for people. Oh, like, Okay, I need to like manage this, I gotta manage that you want one track on people. Now on my page, I do mention just a small thing that says, an extra hour if you upgrade to VIP, that's the only mention of VIP is at the very, very bottom. So

[506:01] Speaker 2: should I then at the very, very bottom for those that scroll all the way you know, if you want more time to watch these you consider the VIP kind of somewhere? Yeah, you can put like,

[508:43] Speaker 1: if you need more time you want the recordings you can there's a chance for you to upgrade to VIP after you register. Okay, because otherwise people will be like, well, where's the VIP link? And so you want them to realize, Oh, I got to register. That's why I put upgrade to VIP after registering.

[513:51] Speaker 2: Okay, so where do you have that on your page? That's for Saturday? Yeah, it's just at the bottom here. Okay, so yeah, but something like that. If you want more time than consider VIP after registering. Okay, that's pretty good. i Yeah, I heard that in one of your videos. And I was wondering if that should be incorporated. somewhere else? Yeah.

[519:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, I wouldn't like go into a lot of detail about it. But definitely, definitely would, would do that. Which is, which is awesome. Okay, the other thing too, again, with case studies and stuff, I go back to people and update there case studies, like I got an updated one I need to get from Joshua Giles, I got one from my mom that she just gave me. And so like, you can get updated case studies and people so that they're framing you in a better way in a better light. If you're there saying stuff about you. That's one thing is to go back and like ask people, you know, for endorsement for like a written case study for a testimony. And it could just be friends that you've worked with around the same topic, right? They don't have to have bought from you to be a legitimate case study can be somebody that you've just helped with the topic that you're coaching on. I'm sure you could find at least two people to do that for you.

[534:32] Speaker 2: So at least to some case studies or testimonies. And I've mentioned that I've asked people, but I'm just not getting them back. And so I guess I keep asking or

[538:37] Speaker 1: so have you have you? Have you picked up the phone, gotten into a conversation with them? And at the end of the conversation you've built up to the place where you're asking them for it while they're on the phone with you? No, I have it. Okay. That's usually what I do, is when I'm asking for a testimony, it's in a moment where I'm actually talking to the person and to where like, the choice to not answer me is kind of like, it would be rude if they didn't answer me.

[545:59] Speaker 2: And then you just type it out. And yeah, and then

[546:53] Speaker 1: or, or they'll tell me to write up something, send it to them and see it. Because a lot of people are afraid to actually write up something and they don't want it to sound bad. So they will actually have you write it for them. Okay, that was a big one that I found with a lot of people is they when I was asking them, and I was just texting them they weren't responding back, is they actually just didn't know what I wanted them to say, or what to say. And so like, I just sent them I said something like this, and I'm like, okay, great. Use that. Okay, so also I will cue people up as to like, even what to say, in a case study.

[556:41] Speaker 0: If it's true,

[557:30] Speaker 1: and you're telling them what to say. And then they're saying it and they're approving it and they're authorizing it, then it's good. So, but that's it. That's just what you have to do to get people usually to give you testimonials or case studies. Because, again, a lot of people, they're busy, or they just don't know what to say.

[562:47] Speaker 2: So you gotta be subtly aggressive with it. Not not mean, I don't mean aggressive in a bad way, but just kind of little more persistent than what I've been.

[565:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely. I mean, here's usually what I'll do is I'll bring value in that conversation first for ask for it. So like, if it's been at the end of like, a really good call that we had together, or like we had some breakthrough, the time that I usually ask for testimony is after a big win on a campaign.

[571:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they're like, they're excited, it's that big win. And now they want to basically like, repay the favor, that's a little bit different for you. But like the breakthrough that they've gotten, what a big way you could do it is literally just have a conversation with them about that breakthrough. See how they're doing. See if they're still walking in that breakthrough. See, if they're struggling seeing that they're dealing with now they're still, that might be the other thing, too. The reason why they might not be giving you a testimony is they might have regressed back from their breakthrough, and they're embarrassed about that.

[579:58] Speaker 1: Okay, so that's a big part of honoring that, that I found as a client, like maybe they had a big win, but now they haven't had big wins in a while. And they don't want to give me a case study because they're not feeling at their best. Which, which I totally understand. And I get that. And so yeah, I don't, I actually I had the word, even aggressive and assertive, is not how I would describe it. Okay, it's just, it's the same again, it's the same concept of doing like a virtual event, like you have that person in front of you. And so they have to listen to your ask. Versus like, they can just ignore it, or they have their 1000 reasons why they don't have to listen to you. And if there's somebody that like, if you're in a healthy relationship with people with boundaries, they can also I would say, if you're dealing with somebody who struggles with boundaries, you don't want them to feel obligated. So I would say there's no pressure to do this. If you don't feel comfortable doing it, no problem. But I wanted to ask you, and then you tell them, and I'll say that to people, and I've had people tell me back he has it. Yeah, not right now. I'm like, great. No worries, no big deal. That's awesome. And so, but that's where at the end of the day, I think we also need to, um, like, not be afraid of like, people rejecting us so much or not doing what we want. And sometimes we do have to show up. And it's again, I don't like the word I don't I don't use the word aggressive at all about any of the stuff that we do. Because aggression has quite a

[605:06] Speaker 2: Yeah, that wasn't the right word. There's quite a range. The right word, I think I think Vanessa, put over there started maybe might be

[607:42] Speaker 1: a Yeah, to kind of go after what you want. I think that's a big part of it. And that's a big message that I've been even talking about on my page is you got to ask for what you want. You got to ask for more what you want. My wife and I, we have that in our relationship is that we ask for what we want. We don't wait for the other person to get a clue or to guess. And that's a big part of of our relationship has grown is by knowing that the other person is going to ask for what they want in that moment. Versus expecting the other ones read each other's mind. All right. And in the beginning of our relationship, we really struggled because my wife was always asking for what she wanted. And I wasn't and I was wanting her to actually read my mind. Here's the thing, my wife has no problem asking for what she wants 100 times a day.

[622:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I love that about her. But literally then I was good actually getting like down on myself as a husband like, Well, can I ask for what I want every so often, and almost feeling like it was inappropriate because I grew up in a home where that wasn't allowed. Well, that wasn't this family structure that I saw demonstrated, was not asking for what we wanted. And in our marriage, I've had to grow to okay, I asked her what you want. She asks, and doesn't feel any like guilt about asking. And so I shouldn't either. And now we bring that. Here's what's funny is our relationships with people dial right into how we treat our prospects and clients. And so if, if I'm afraid to ask for what I want with prospects, clients and business that also has a has a limiting factor, to how much impact we can have and how much we can grow our business if we're, if we're like, Well, I don't, I don't want them to feel pressured. If you if you've been in a situation where you felt pressured before by people Like, I get it, because I know how people can get too, they can get manipulative, they can pressure you, they can try to force you to do something you don't want to do. But I don't think that you shondo would be somebody that would do that to somebody. So trusting yourself. And knowing that you wouldn't naturally do that is as being a little bit more upfront about what you want, it will go a long way, I think in your business.

[647:51] Speaker 1: And that even is dials into like in the coaching group and the client growth accelerator asking for help and asking to see feedback on different things is so important. So I was talking about this on my page. Again, I don't want to go on a tangent here. But like, some people are just like, Well, my culture doesn't ask for what we want. My culture is to just not verbalize things. And, and I, I actually, I understand that, because that was how I was raised. But if we want to be able to build a business, and then the same person says that they're dealing with a lot of fear and anxiety and worry about everything going on in their business, well, that's connected to each other. The fear, the worry, the anxiety is often actually connected to feeling like, we don't we're not getting what we want. We're not vulnerably asking for it. And often it can be tied to a fear of rejection, a fear of abandonment, or if we're dealing with control, feeling like we're not in control, feeling like we're not, things aren't going our way. And so if we can't control things, then we're just not going to ask at all, if I can't make sure that I'm going to get a yes. Every time I asked that I'm not going to ask. I had that problem where I wasn't asking if the potential answer was no. So I would never ask if I thought the answer would be no. Now I asked all the time for stuff of everybody, even if I know the answer is going to be no, I'll still ask. And I'm careful how I asked depending on the person's personality, like, again, by note, it's just a nuance of knowing who you're talking to, if the person you're talking to is dealt with people pressuring them, like I'll be a little bit more softer with that. But if I know that the person can like, yeah, great example, Joshua Giles, Rick Pino, my mom, like, I will literally just ask because I know that they don't take it personally. If they gotta say, no, they don't feel pressured by me. You know, if I say no worries, there's other people, like if I'm in this group, and I'm asking you, like, hey, you need to do this, you need to do this. Like, you might feel pressured, because you're still growing in that area, you might even still be healing from some of that, as well. And so that's where especially why healing from wounds directly affects that the income that we can make in our business, because we become bolder. That's why I use the word boldness, having the courage to ask for what we want is so important.

[691:56] Speaker 0: Okay, awesome.

[692:36] Speaker 1: All right. Anybody else wants to have their copy reviewed on here live? Got your hand raised. Adele, are you? Are you here?

[696:19] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'm still here. I'm very

[697:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. I noticed. I noticed that Kim left so I'm not going to go over hers on the calling her, but I will in the group. But let's go over yours, Adele. Ray. Ray, you had a question?

[701:38] Speaker 5: Yes, yes. I had a quick question. I just wanted to say what was the patient she went over for me that is the invitation to get on the waitlist for the event. And so when I transfer when I do it for the actual the actual sales page for for the event, then I can just kind of modify that when right and

[708:31] Speaker 3: or like

[709:20] Speaker 1: this is the Okay, so this is the waitlist for the event. Yes, there's a waitlist for an event. I mean, are you charging for the event?

[711:57] Speaker 5: Charging the VIP. Okay. So I would add all this free? Yeah, the five day challenge would be free. You would have one with the last conversation we had you were saying to do that free and to just do the VIP because it will be better for the ad spend.

[717:08] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I would definitely make sure that your page says free, five day challenge So they know that because it doesn't say that on here anywhere.

[721:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So free five day challenge. And then yeah, when it's the normal signup, you would just flip this where they sign up for the free event. And you have the details about when the challenge is. And then on the next page is the VIP page, where you invite them to upgrade to the VIP. So that's a completely different page. Than answer your question,

[727:11] Speaker 5: there we go. You know what, I missed everything you said, you were frozen, I was frozen. I missed everything.

[729:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: No worries, I would add to the page where it says five day challenge, I would have a free five day challenge. Okay, and then I would add the event details to the page and have them actually sign up for the challenge with the page like this, your VIP page is gonna be a different type of page that shows them like what bonuses they're gonna get, you're inviting them to get some, some one on one coaching with you, if you're offering that. And being able to jump in at whatever that rate that you're charging for the VIP is. So that's more of a thank you page, like you're registered kinda like the ones that I have in mind, kind of like the one that you saw with Shonda where it's like, here's what you get with the VIP, or you can decide to not do the VIP.

[740:01] Speaker 5: Cool, very cool. Thank you.

[740:48] Speaker 1: Awesome. All right, Adele.

[741:50] Speaker 0: Yeah, I haven't done the actual landing page. That's just the text.

[743:23] Speaker 1: Okay, so you don't? Yeah, great. So then let's go. Just take a look at that here real quick. Yeah. Awesome. And again, if anybody else has any copy they want to review on here. I know a lot of you are learning from this. Here's the thing this isn't like, well, I guess it can be like that. I can be scary to like, bring your copy to review because then you're like, you're gonna get graded, the teacher is going to tell you if it's right or wrong. Let's not think about it that way. Let's think about it. Like, this is an experience where you get an opportunity to collaborate as a team together. And we get to collab to come up with what's the best, most profitable copy and then we can learn as a group. So that's kind of more the way to look at it when we do stuff like this is that we're that we're doing it that way. The other thing that I want to share with you guys so again, Stephens funnel,

[757:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Stevens funnel launch Fast Track is going to be in the members area later today, along with lesson six a copywriting mastery that closes out copywriting mastery, it'll be the final lesson of that class. And the lesson six of Facebook ads is really good. It's all about Facebook ads strategy, I think we still might have two more lessons in the Facebook ads class. It's funny, it's for beginners, but it's still a long class because I just went slower through everything of a funnel launch fast track, it's so he focuses specifically on using Click Funnels, but the same process can work on Squarespace. And he builds everything on click funnels. I'm also going to be starting I decided I'm going to flip it. I'm going to start the email marketing course in two weeks after I finished Facebook ads. And we're going to go into the funnel building course that I'm going to do all about Squarespace, MailChimp, Thinkific, all about that, all the technical sides of that we're going to start that next week. So we're going to jump right into building your funnel on Squarespace and using those tools, because I think that everybody needs a little bit of help with that you guys got the copywriting, you got all of that. Now we're going to dive into how do you actually do the technical aspects of building those pages. I'm going to do it specifically again, for beginners. So it's kinda like version 2.0 website building made easy. It's funnel building made easy for Squarespace. So Jeremiah Krakowski and I'm gonna dive into how do you build your funnel on Squarespace. How do you connect it to MailChimp? How do you do all that and so I'll walk you through that. And so what you'll have is you'll have Stephens training, you'll have my training. And really with both of those, you kind of have the best of both worlds with either click funnels, or SquareSpace. They they teach you from the same background and the same concept because Stephens built all the funnels that uses the same strategies that I'm teaching you. So you'll be able to learn about funnels and and see the different tactical aspects of putting those all together, putting your landing pages together, we're going to go through those step by step, slowly, it's not going to be quick, it's going to be a lot slower. I'll walk you through like every little thing that you do to build out your funnel. And so I'm going to start that next week, the first lesson starts and then once we finish Facebook ads, I'm going to go into the email marketing course and we're going to do funnel building an email marketing, which is going to be awesome. And then after that, we're going to do a sales course and a communications how you connect and communicate with people like a people skills, type Communications course and how you become an even like a better speaker. How you become a better teacher. How you deliver over content better, that's going to come after the funnel building in the email marketing course. So those four classes are gonna be really amazing I think based on a lot of the different skill sets that everybody's wanting to learn here in the group. But copywriting mastery, if you haven't checked that out, it's going to be it's an absolutely incredible course.

[804:53] Speaker 1: So check that out all right, let's see Adele. I'm going to pull up your copy that you wrote right here did I scroll? No, that's right. All right. First Draft copy. Building your narcissist free life. I liked the name. Good name powerful

[816:26] Speaker 1: I think you could actually I like building your narcissist free life. And then you could actually put healing and rebuilding your life after an abusive relationship. You don't need to repeat the word narcissistic abuse. You can put that further down. And so a healing after that can be like your like headline after the. Yeah. So now we'll put I would I would talk about living in a narcissistic abuse. Relationship is one of the hardest things

[827:37] Speaker 1: anybody can go through. I think that that needs to be the first sentence. Yeah.

[830:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, because I've been there. And I wouldn't wish it on my worst 10. Right. Yeah, I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. Because that's the truth. Because you know that. So those two lines right there a cop? And I'm getting choked up saying it. Because I've dealt with this. And this is coming just from my heart.

[835:58] Speaker 0: Yeah. I think only people that have walked that path can really empathize with those people, which is why I'm doing it.

[838:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, that's the thing. So my dad was a covert narcissist. And then I grew up and and then my mom was raised with a psychopath. And so in the home growing up, it was literally like bouncing back and forth between those tendencies in the home, of how I grew up feeling like I was just bullied by my parents all the time. And listen, my mom and I got a great relationship now, which is incredible. She's gone through healing. I've gone through healing. Her behavior is like, completely different than how it was when I was growing up. Yeah, a big part of it was divorcing my dad. And so like, but it was hard. And so then I literally ended up every male I realized this it wasn't, it wasn't my relationships with women. I had a lot of really good like friendships with women, and relationships with women. It was men it was other men. They were all narcissists and abusers, and covert narcissists. I'm like, where's this come from? It's coming from the familiar relationship with my dad that I was building that I was trying to heal from, right. So I kept repeating that with all these guy friends. And they got weird, too. They were almost like, like, borderline like, not a homosexual relationship. But like it could have been, if it like, too far. And it was weird, because I'm like, I'm not here for it.

[861:24] Speaker 0: Yeah. Yeah, there's a lot of spiritual forces at work in this whole dynamic. And I believe that people who have a lot of lights and a lot of destiny on them are attacked by narcissists. So it's exactly what was on your mom and the destiny that was on you the enemy. And it was working. Your dad who was probably unhealed as a child. Yeah, so that's what I've come to.

[869:12] Speaker 1: And I got so triggered for like three weeks just seeing him at my brother's wedding. Yeah, it was hard.

[872:04] Speaker 0: Because you're literally dealing with spiritual entities which are conic. And you're seeing evil based on and it's very shocking when, when we've never experienced that, and that's why the women women end up or women or men end up being so traumatized. So what I did was I took Joshua Giles says landing page and I've tried to copy it, literally. So there's actually a mistake in there. There's a line in there that still from his copy that I need to remove, but I just thought well This is a tried and tested formula. You know, you wrote his copy. So it's a little different.

[881:16] Speaker 1: It's a little different than that. It's not I wouldn't call it tried and tested formula for the copy. It was specifically written for his audience that way. Okay, so every audience is different. Yeah. So we want to, we want to definitely take in mind you, I think your audience, I think this is a lot of copy for your audience. Yeah. Okay. So I would shrink it back down. Again, I would start with those two lines that I mentioned of you about, like, you know, yeah, the, you'll have to go back to the recording and hear what I said, I don't remember what I said. But like, I wouldn't worship that wish it on my worst enemy. Yeah. And then you can say it's possible to heal. From narcissistic abuse, I want to invite you to spend a day with me for free. I'll teach you how to rebuild your life and find your inner peace and create freedom. So like, that's, that's great, right there, is using those lines of copy.

[896:33] Speaker 0: What I did was I took two of my competitors landing pages. And I put both of those two landing pages through droughts, Jasper. And then I put the output through Jasper three times. And what Jasper gave me great,

[899:57] Speaker 1: yeah, that's a great, great job. Here's where it gets a little wordy. Yes, I like this. It takes specialized knowledge and techniques. And then I would literally, I would literally, not even have any of this in here. For the last 10 years, I've had the honor of leading and breaking women through these relationships, including myself. Yes, and then I would get rid of this. Yes, it takes dedication, but it's so much easier to not only survive, but elevate to your most successful salad, I would say, but to thrive in your in your this needs to change, to thrive in your best self and to live the life you've always dreamed of. Something like that. And so, finally, real joy and love will start chasing you down. Are you ready to start creating a wildly free healed and successful life that God's given you join me now? Yeah, I would, I would take a lot of this off here. And then this is fine. In this intensive, you'll learn? This is good. And then this is good about who this is for

[919:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: who you are. So I'll just take a there's a few parts where it's like, you're, again, like what I mentioned to Shonda, you're like reiterating the point again and again. And so I wouldn't reiterate that because here's what here's that. Here's the reason why. For those that register, you have the opportunity to dive deeper in with them when they're on the live call.

[925:03] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. One more question. Thank you. So we know that videos are good for ads. My competitor has a video at the top of her landing page. I did a video

[929:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: called the VSL. And we've actually been testing out VSLs a little bit. So VSL is where you basically the video is a substitute for the landing page. And that is one method to use. Here's here's how you would use the VSL is I actually have one running right now as an ad.

[935:31] Speaker 0: Yeah, I noticed that Joshua had a video on his VIP upsell page,

[936:51] Speaker 1: the VIP page, definitely want a video. Yeah, yeah. But what I have going on is this one. So it's a video that's on my social media that I'm running as an ad but I downloaded the video, uploaded it to Vimeo and I put the same text that was on my social media post on this page. Two most important parts of growing coaching business most people completely miss these parts. So this is a whole page that I'm actually sending traffic to that says if you want to finish how to grow your business jump into this free training. And now this actually takes them to my actual landing page right here.

[946:50] Speaker 0: So that's like a pre landing page.

[947:48] Speaker 1: It's how the VSL Okay,

[948:51] Speaker 0: what do you what do you think about putting a video just at the top of the landing page like below the top to like below the headline and the sub headline and then boom menu and then

[952:02] Speaker 1: I have found that that can be too much when it comes to being your main landing page to have a video on like a long form page like this with copy. So what we again what we found is having the video on more of a pre page is usually better because it's about where you want their focus to go. Most people's focus will either go to watching or reading it's very difficult to have people go watch and read on the same page.

[958:46] Speaker 0: Okay, so it could go from video to video preset pre landing to Ah, to the landing page.

[960:25] Speaker 1: Well, we're testing out is the video ad and the pre sell are actually the same video. Yeah. So this whole six minute video is what I'm actually running as an ad. Because when they click on it, they're gonna see the same video. And I found that by I found three advertisers in the coaching space doing the same thing. So I'm like, Great, I'm gonna try it out myself.

[966:26] Speaker 0: Yeah, I might try that, because that's what one of my competitors is doing, you know, and I thought you can put music on a music can really influence emotion. I try that. Thank you so much. Thank you. Awesome. All right, Carmen.

[972:54] Speaker 3: Hi, there. Hello. How are you? That work too? Hi. I'm having trouble catching my target audience for my people. Okay, so I wanted to, I narrowed it down to looking for people that are on their spiritual metaphysical path already for healing, and want to build their arsenal of helping others to build their intuition. And offering a three day intuitive workshop to be able to talk about their soul path, intuition, and their gifts of greatness. And their

[989:10] Speaker 1: baby, have you? Have you watched through Have you read? Have you gone through the copywriting Mastery Course?

[990:39] Speaker 3: Part of it? Not all of it. Okay.

[991:48] Speaker 1: Especially lesson five that I did last week is going to be really helpful for what you're talking about, because you want to clearly express the outcome that they're going to get and the result of working with you. So not what, because what you're talking about is the process. Okay, offer isn't going to be based on the process your offer is gonna be based around, what is the problem they have, and the solution that they're looking for, through the process that you help them with.

[999:58] Speaker 3: Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you.

[1001:26] Speaker 1: And I think I think we did a little bit of that. The last couple of times that we had talked, hadn't we?

[1003:08] Speaker 3: Yes, yes. And I kind of changed it up a little bit. And I'm kind of stuck on that.

[1004:51] Speaker 1: A little bit about, where are you stuck? Because being stuck is a normal part of the process? It's totally fine. Let's get you unstuck.

[1007:27] Speaker 3: Okay, so, like, I know, I know what my offer is. And I know, my target audience. Now, I don't know what I guess I was writing down what kind of problems they have, if they feel like their spiritual awakening is, is stuck in their journey. And they keep thinking they're doing the same negative patterns, and how can they be able to serve others and help others if they can't recognize it in themselves?

[1018:03] Speaker 1: Well, yeah, what is their job? What are they doing everyday? Where are they? Where's their focus? How are their relationships? Right. Okay, diving into that is a big part that will help answer some of that. What what is actually what is actually distracting them from the path? That's going to help them?

[1023:53] Speaker 3: Right? Absolutely. Yes, that's it. Okay.

[1025:35] Speaker 1: So diving into that, you know, you feel like, there's something more in your life, you want to thrive, you're called for greatness. But like,

[1027:22] Speaker 0: you're stuck. Right?

[1028:12] Speaker 1: You're distracted. There's so much going on in your life, then you feel like you can't seem to make headway no matter what you try to do.

[1029:52] Speaker 3: Yeah, okay. That is exactly it. Yeah.

[1031:10] Speaker 1: Yes. And I bet you can relate with that story,

[1032:09] Speaker 3: as well. Yes.

[1033:13] Speaker 1: So, so that's a huge part of it. And for everybody that's on here, a lot of your copy that you're gonna write. You're going to be telling the narrative story of even your journey or the journey that you've walked others through.

[1036:44] Speaker 3: Right. You Yay. Okay, awesome. Now I got something to work on. Perfect. Thank you. All right, Kim. Kim, right. Lee how are you?

[1040:33] Speaker 6: Yeah, so I'm doing pretty good I'm getting very excited though I missed my deadline I don't care I'm just really excited because I feel like my copy is well I thought it was really good but then I'm kind of been listening on and off so if you have time to take a look at that um See what's the website in the chat or

[1045:52] Speaker 1: I think you had posted it in the group right

[1047:33] Speaker 6: yeah, I did I just put it in the chat too. Okay. Jasper did like 99% of it which I love and it's comes from about five different various offers that I have I mean I can't was doing research your mom's got some stuff in there well that's great. Yeah, so I'm much happier with with it now that I was a couple of weeks ago but yeah,

[1055:46] Speaker 1: I'm having I can't find it

[1057:37] Speaker 6: I just put the website in the chat here. I don't know if that helps.

[1059:07] Speaker 1: Yeah, for some reason I can't find oh, here's the chat window I lost the chat window I don't see it in there

[1063:29] Speaker 6: it's flipped my life one ad just bought the domain this morning. It should be working

[1067:57] Speaker 1: okay nice that's profitably start your own house flipping business right the life you've always wanted. So I would increase the size of some of this content of your page on your page.

[1072:28] Speaker 6: Okay, well let me ask you that how do I do that? Yeah, when I when I did was in the Squarespace I could either make it bold or italicized but I thought find out how to make it bigger.

[1076:22] Speaker 1: Yeah, so it's under design the Design tab and you go to site styles. Click on the text and it says font text font and you should have size right here sighs

[1080:25] Speaker 6: okay, and that will that will do it to only what you've highlighted.

[1081:36] Speaker 1: It'll do it across the whole site to any text that's in that style Okay, so this text you want it to be a little bit larger right there below future house in this are you living Yeah, that's

[1089:41] Speaker 6: there's that sound

[1090:22] Speaker 1: I know everybody hates it when it makes sense. I'm gonna work on I'm gonna work on my sound a little bit better sounds a little more. A little more compassionate than my sash

[1097:14] Speaker 6: posted here so you can say oh, that looks pretty good to go by.

[1098:14] Speaker 1: No, no, I know. I get that. Oh, no, I know. I get that. Let me let me mute you for a second there's some feedback. Feedback.

[1100:34] Speaker 6: I'm sorry I'm in my car.

[1101:10] Speaker 0: No worries.

[1114:39] Speaker 1: What is their mate? Okay, I got some questions for you. Okay, what is their what is their main problem? That is their main problem that they're struggling with. What do you got going on here? Hold on here

[1120:24] Speaker 1: is the opposite of Shonda, the opposite of Shawn does a page where you're talking too much about the end outcome and about the problem.

[1122:43] Speaker 6: Oh, okay. Um, really is not knowing where to begin, and not starting for fear of failure. Okay? Because you don't have experience or you don't have the money. Yeah, I guess I did a whole lot of motivation, like this is where money is being made in real estate and not a whole lot of like, this is why you're not in there.

[1129:38] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah. So that balance of again, you're telling their story, telling their story back to them? Okay. Let me mute you again. mute you again,

[1133:32] Speaker 1: okay. So what I'm looking at is it's no secret, that real estate is what is one of the most effective ways to grow your wealth, and make money. But nobody actually shows you how to do it. Worse yet. They never walk you they never actually walk you through the pitfalls of what to avoid. And you're left fending for yourself trying to figure out this thing, which, which will leave you in tears wondering if this thing will ever work for you. I don't like how I said that that way. But that's part of we're getting to a certain place. So here's part of my copywriting journey that I'll do is I'll say stuff, the way that I just said it. I'm gonna pause everybody here, I would never put on the page what I just said verbally. But it's stringing thoughts together. And so we're getting our, our place, again, your sales, copy your offers, they're all a form of energy transfer. They're all a form of transferring energy to people. And so if it's too negative, you're going to be transferring people way too negative. If it's too positive, they're going to see it as your you're too happy go lucky unrealistic, this is outside of the bounds of what they could ever do. And so those are like the two different sides of it. Because a one, there's two arguments to this one, people feel like they don't need to be reminded of how crappy their situation is, because they're the one living in it. Well, I disagree with that, I think you do need to remind people of that. If you don't, you're doing them a disservice. But also, you don't want to just talk about the results so often, because they'll be like, wow, like, this person acts like I like, it's so easy, when it's really not. And so you don't want somebody to feel like you, you're basically looking down on them. Like, it's so easy, can't you just figure it out? Right.

[1168:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, that'll that's a that's a huge part of it. Um, Vanessa, we so we do these once a month live in here. And then you can post your offers as well in the group, and I'll share some of this feedback in the group as well. Okay. And so

[1174:33] Speaker 1: everybody knows that flipping houses is a great way to reach your financial future. But they, but everybody also acts like it's just so easy when the truth is, it's really not.

[1178:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's, there's, like, I like, I'd be lying to you if I said that it was so like, you could like even play on that a little bit. And kind of like devil's advocate a little bit of like, what they're thinking, because that's that's the thing, everybody in the real estate market acts like it's so easy. So you can say like, you can literally be the one voice that's out there that's running an ad saying, the truth is, it is difficult, but you can learn a path that can help you. Most people never reach their financial future because they don't know what to do. Or because they don't have a proven path and a proven system to get results. Or if they do have that. They don't have the right guidance and support along the way to help them avoid the common mistakes that most people make. What if you could avoid those mistakes, compress time together? And not be worried? Am I going to make the wrong move or not? I want to invite you to this free five day workshop where I show you how to flip a house and change your financial future even if you have no experience and no funding. I know that might sound too good, good to be true. But that's exactly what we've been helping our clients do for years. There's literally to their objection in there.

[1198:43] Speaker 6: There's one part where I'm talking about my story is even in my history of being a contractor In an interior designer, I thought that it would be simple to transition to flipping houses. And it was not that way at all.

[1202:15] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's great. So I would bring that even further up the page above this, like

[1204:29] Speaker 6: maybe, oh, maybe it is right there.

[1205:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see it right here. It's down below here. So I bring it further up the page. Okay. And then kind of go back to the drawing board a little bit on that, you'll, you'll have to watch the recording. But basically what I said right here, that's like the storytelling narrative that I would put at the top here. And then I would go right into your bio, and then you can go into this. I think the rest of this is fine. If you flip those elements,

[1211:02] Speaker 6: gotcha. Okay. So make sure I at least start off with more of what your problem really is.

[1212:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. what the problem really is address the fact that again, people are skeptical. There's a lot of misinformation out there. Yeah. I mean, I even need to bring some of that into my landing page. Because I think it's important to address that I think it's important to not seem like,

[1218:13] Speaker 1: while I'm talking to you, right now, I'm actually literally getting ideas for how I need to do this better on my own page. And I think it'll improve my conversions.

[1221:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, again, validating the people that A, it is a way to make money. But be it's, it's not easy it is it can be difficult. But it's simple to learn. And when you have a mentor that's going to guide you, and helps you avoid all the mistakes and pitfalls along the way. Right. And that's the big part of the narrative. And then what you what you want is you just want them to believe that by joining this training, they're going to have a proven path to wealth.

[1229:49] Speaker 1: And that it's not going to be like everybody else's BS that's out there. That's not going to be like everybody else's training that's out there. It's not going to be just another copycat off of somebody else's five day challenge that you watched, that's going to be unique, that's going to be something that's going to, it's going to actually be the one thing that's going to that's going to get them to where they want to go. But it's actually going to be the the one opportunity that's going to show them the right path, and it's going to be honest with them. And it's going to address all the mistakes, all the pitfalls, all the fears, all the worries to help them feel confident and knowing that they can make a real income doing this.

[1240:43] Speaker 6: Now, I talked a little bit about my story of getting into house flipping, and then in my bio, like, Well, my background is in interior design and construction. Should I talk more about why having somebody like me with a background in interior design and construction can give you more information than anybody else? Or,

[1246:10] Speaker 1: um, focus on the critical one paragraph. That's a small paragraph, it says that Sure. Okay. Yeah, I think that's good. I think a lot of what you have here, if you kind of rewrite the story, and then move your bio above the like, before this event, you'll get after this event, you'll get that I would move your bio above the did you know that 90% of millionaires become as a result of real estate. So I put your bio underneath that you can start flipping houses with a simple system, even if you have no experience. So that's how I would just kind of flip that and then rewrite that story. Okay.

[1256:09] Speaker 6: Okay. Awesome. Thanks.

[1257:17] Speaker 1: All right. Um,

[1258:48] Speaker 0: Makita.

[1260:35] Speaker 1: So, you wrote some copyright here that says, Do you want to make more money as a virtual assistant? Are you struggling to increase your portfolio offering and this intensive you'll learn the benefits of specializing in one to two areas how to market yourself as an expert. Okay. So it's almost the same exact advice kind of that I gave Kim Kim.

[1266:22] Speaker 7: It missed it. So I'm sorry. I didn't hear really trying

[1267:35] Speaker 1: to validate the problem that they're having and why they're struggling to actually experience that result. What are the struggles and think about? What What have you or your clients struggled with? That stopped them from actually taking the leap and taking the steps forward? What were the biggest things that prevent people like not just are you struggling? They wouldn't be on your page if they weren't struggling. So you're gonna assume that there's somebody who's struggling

[1276:25] Speaker 7: Okay, I agree with that. I think the part that I'm trying to what I'm what I'm working to do is enhance their or make them a subject matter expert in the HR space specifically for onboarding, right? Or other HR things that their client may need, whether it's interviewing or anything like that, but just some of the basics of HR to just give them or help them be a Smee in that space, which would increase their income.

[1285:45] Speaker 1: Okay. And they would be a VA doing that. Yes. Got it. Um, okay.

[1289:06] Speaker 7: And I left the kind of blanket just to a part of me left it as a blanket statement, because I wanted to kind of see what I would pull once I started running ads

[1291:44] Speaker 3: to see what else you

[1292:39] Speaker 7: know, someone may be having an issue with as a VA? Or should I just not leave it blanket and just really focus on the HRPS? I think that's where I kind of maybe confused myself or?

[1295:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think if you're going to specifically teach around HR, virtual assisting, that's going to be important. And that's niching down on that, because you're gonna there's a lot of different types of VAs out there.

[1299:07] Speaker 7: There are there are so yes, that is the niche, that is the niche is telling

[1300:08] Speaker 1: you, then yeah, then we need to speak to like, do you want to make a full time income as a as a as a Human Resources virtual assistant? As an HR virtual assistant, we're working with companies. And, you know, so the idea is that they because they want to, they don't want to work a job in an office, right?

[1306:25] Speaker 7: That's the idea. But the idea was, if they already are VAs for other things, adding HR as a part of their current portfolio, not solely just HR, other than that could happen to I might pull that in my you'll pull both of them for sure. Yeah.

[1310:56] Speaker 0: Okay. Um,

[1312:00] Speaker 1: did you know that HR that HR VAs make more money than any other type of VA out there? Okay, so that can be a headline. Okay, but by starting a VA business, it does HR or adding it to your portfolio, you're instantly able to increase your income. Okay. But how do you how do you cut through the gatekeepers and actually get to the decision makers to get those jobs? I'm going to show you how how to market yourself. Sell yourself as an expert.

[1322:39] Speaker 7: And that's that's the, that's the how the marketing itself is really making themselves as me and share and sharing the expertise of why they're needed. Like, I can do this, this this, and I know this, this and this and take this off of their plate to make it easier for that client. Awesome. Yeah. So that's how they market themselves as me. So this will be just a three day intensive

[1328:20] Speaker 1: as a Smee. What's this mean?

[1328:53] Speaker 7: Subject Matter Expert? Sorry.

[1329:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So subject matter expert. I've, I have always heard of subject matter expert as referring to like, coaches or trainers, because but they're not going to be coaching on HR, right?

[1333:08] Speaker 7: No, but you can still be in my opinion, you can still be a subject matter expert in that space. Again, if you have a client that really don't know what it would take to really I mean, outside of interviewing that, that might be basic, but when you're really trying to make sure someone comes into your organization that they you know, they have a great experience right from the very beginning. That will take a subject matter expert, because it does not happen. Trust me, I say it all the time, it does not happen from the door. So you want you want to end up building a long lasting relationship with that employee by at the entry point, making it a great experience to say, oh, okay, it was good here. I expect my time with this organization to be great. Okay,

[1345:17] Speaker 1: so what are they becoming a subject matter expert on what is the topic,

[1346:32] Speaker 7: the, again, the HR skills of onboarding, the interviewing the the day one week one so you have all kinds of things that take place with HR such as you know, the technology needs the welcome the welcoming, whether that's going to be an email or a zoom call, you know, showing the ropes training, there's a lot

[1352:00] Speaker 1: that this is this is actually really great. My wife had a salary working for Rick Pino $5,000 a month doing exactly this. Okay, but she self taught herself. Now she had learned about VA and being a VA for years. So she had that experience. She told herself exactly all the stuff that you're talking about, because she basically became a remote Chief of Operations for the company. I was also in charge of Project Management to,

[1360:17] Speaker 7: right?

[1360:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's really cool because she was invaluable in the growth of his company to eight figures, because she was able to keep everything on track, make sure that we had employees and staff. So it was more than just HR. It was really like hot, like how to become like a remote, see, oh,

[1366:13] Speaker 7: well, in HR, there's coordination, there's coordinating there, really, it really is the PM, a pm area to the onboarding space, because it is a lot of coordinating and keeping track to help things go through like a pipeline for lack of better words. And so what I thought about using as a lead magnet, for example, would be an onboarding guide. I don't know if that's cheesy or not, I'm still trying to think on what a good lead magnet would be. Um,

[1374:00] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah. I think one of the Okay, so like one of the biggest struggles again, if somebody's getting into this, is it Yeah, I love that for an onboarding guide. And you could do more of an onboarding toolkit. Okay. So like an onboarding toolkit that like gives you some of your some of your, like forms to start with some of the software to use different tools and stuff like that. Okay. I think a walk people through that process right there, that they want to get started with that how to create it, like, how to put together an employee handbook, what are the how to research the laws in your state? Yeah, literally, this is like so my, like the first three months while my wife was working with Rick doing this, because he was like Rick's like, Okay, I'm going from contractors and I'm we're gonna have employees and Abigail, I want you to figure it out. It's my wife was like, great. The literally like she was figuring out all this stuff. So think about what's all that stuff that people got to figure out when they're doing that, put that in your toolkit,

[1389:45] Speaker 7: right. And so what you're saying is figuring out the laws for that state that goes into regulatory. So I mean, this can really spin it can start at one place, and they really just continue to go. I mean, I took it literally start with, I can pretty much doing the same thing that you're doing, because one thing has been out to the next, but not to the next but not to the next, I'm just starting with the onboarding space. And then once I have those conversations with people, I can then determine what to make next, like you said to do, and that's

[1397:28] Speaker 1: huge what you just said right there, because it'll lead into then you helping consultant executive coaching and things like that, marketing all of that, what I've always done is, that's a great path. As far as for consulting goes, my in for consulting was always advertising and sales copy. And so because I'm not an HR, like, I'm not i That's not my lane is over there. So like,

[1405:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: but like, that's a great like idea and thinking about and so think about the fact that like people need to reduce friction when it comes to onboarding people. And so once you are as you're gonna help them reduce that friction and the time and energy that it takes to help you get up to speed as a subject matter expert for HR, be able to add it into your portfolio and make a whole lot more money to help people increase their income. So again, I love the offer, I think just dialing into more of like, what do they need to research? What are some of those struggles that they have? You could even say, maybe you've never done anything with HR before. You don't have to have a lot of experience in this. A lot of people think you need a lot of experience in HR to be able to do it. And the truth is, you don't if you learn the stuff I'm going to show you all right. Okay, perfect. is kind of the angle that you would take. Yeah,

[1418:52] Speaker 7: I love it. Thank you so much for your help. Everybody, guys, but I will listen to this replay to recapture everything I couldn't take my notes on.

[1420:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I have a no I agree. I think Makita is offers really good. Demand too. There's a lady in the group, her name is Marsha Sutton. She's doing HR consulting, that she watched this section of the recording. She's doing a little different, because she's like, ran HR and stuff. And she's focusing on like California laws, I think. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So

[1427:50] Speaker 1: California. Yeah. So, no, this is great. This is really cool. Um,

[1429:44] Speaker 7: I would love to connect with her. If you if we, you know, give, we can connect. I would love to Sure.

[1431:01] Speaker 1: Yeah, she's in the current growth accelerator group. So Okay. Yep. Awesome.

[1432:26] Speaker 7: Thank you, everybody. Appreciate the feedback. Thank you.

[1433:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, no, this is great. All right, Sean. Did you did you have a quick question before we go?

[1434:36] Speaker 2: Yes. I have a quick question about the content length. Like you suggested to me to condense she suggested to Adele. Now. Is it just my old school thinking that content copyright content is supposed to be long and it's changed or does it depend on the genre? What on the link

[1440:00] Speaker 1: On on the link, the link

[1440:33] Speaker 2: the how long it is because you asked me to length I got your link, do you? Yeah. How long it is? Yeah. You got you tell me to condense, you suggested to Adele to condense? Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yeah, you

[1444:09] Speaker 1: want to condense and then expand from there. So listen, you can you can go along with your copy. But you don't want to be repetitive. And that's the key factor. Long copy is good. If it's not repetitive, and it starts, from the perspective of what we talked about, I think the biggest part that's missing for most people is just that initial that headline and that story. And then again, for you, for Adele, for Kim. A lot of like, what you got below that is really good. But you're inviting people into reading a lot of those details. Whereas most people, most coaches, most core skaters, most mentors, lead with just way too many of the details. And it's all just about inviting people into that narrative story into that Hero's Journey first, okay. And then you don't want to be repetitive. That's why, again, this book is really good. And this book is all about writing long form copy. Okay, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy is, is an incredible book that shows you how like, here's a, here's just a I literally just flipped the page open a great example of a long form sales letter.

[1463:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it starts with the problem. It has an attention grabbing headline, agitates the problem, to the rescue solution, how you're to the rescue. And then you create vivid word pictures that appeal to the senses. They really make them smell, taste and see it you show that there's a limited number of availability. And you go there again, problem agitate problem, irresistible offer, start with the problem, you agitate it, and then you show that you're basically the hero to the rescue, that's going to save the day with your offer. See, it's funny, because a lot of like, that's where I got out of like, because I don't do life coaching. I don't do like that type of stuff. A lot of the life coaching world, when it comes to reading copy, like you are actually tapping into that whole like, like, victim villain hero mindset that people have. Because you can't expect them to be out of that mindset when they're coming to your office. So you're almost like, showing that like you understand that they're operating that sort of framework of like, Hero victim villain, and basically you're the hero that's going to save the day and, and make them the hero you're you. You're a hero. That's what a mentor is. If you think about it, I again, Star Wars. Obi Wan Kenobi was a hero that then became a mentor and mentored Luke Skywalker.

[1486:52] Speaker 1: And so what you're saying is you're inviting them into that Hero's Journey story, as somebody that has walked the path and can walk them through it as well. Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.

[1489:36] Speaker 3: Yep. Ave

[1490:48] Speaker 4: Yeah. So man, I know, it's so 132. I'll be very quick. I just wanted to say that as we all are together, and this is a CGA platform at the same time, Sandy is Jeremiah's mom. So just wanted to mention as we speak, Sandy has an amazing offer. There's about $1,400 off on her program. And I'm going to I was going to sign up today I am going to sign up for Sandy's program, not based on now. Personally speaking, this just came as a gift. I was going to sign up anyway today. And then in the morning, I received an email so I thank God for that. But at the same time, it will be fun that we are all CGA at the same time. Whoever wants to sign up.

[1503:59] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's it's a whole year and her stock market Academy, you know, $693 and basically anybody who's in there already even can upgrade to this if they don't have it.

[1507:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, that's it's pretty, it's pretty crazy. I mean, we've, I've had some success trading stocks this past month, I think I'm almost, I'm up like two grand this month, and took my profits yesterday. And so yeah, my mom teaches that in here. That's a great way as you make money, and then invest it and grow it. And so yeah, that's a sale that she's offering. You're gonna notice there's a second email that's about to go out from her, Abby. That's gonna tell everybody to join my free training this Saturday. So you'll see that email going out here from her here real soon.

[1517:29] Speaker 4: Oh, I see. Okay, okay, great. Okey, I'm sorry, I didn't take your permission to talk about but Sandy's your mom and then that's all what and you know what very well. Point number two was just this yesterday, I'll take 30 Seconds or Less yesterday, something awesome happened to me, Jeremiah, you would love hearing this and everybody else. I was going I was roaming around in the mall to do some shopping. And guess what? As my wife, you know, as you can see all my hair is color and all of that stuff. No need 30 love my wife made me. And guess what? A lady at the mall, she fell in love with my looks. She showed me a celebrity in Pakistan. And she said, yeah, you as total stranger says, Hey, where are you from? And here is this is the celebrity in Pakistan. Do you know him? As he know, so you see, you look like him. So within me, I would like boost for my business. When I go on camera, people would love to see me. Hallelujah.

[1533:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you smile, you have an infectious smile. You're you're you it's a very, like you have an attractive personality when you're coming from that place. That's why I constantly say like, curiosity. And and and I think all people are that way when we're curious. And we're happy and we're joyful. It attracts people, because the energy is different versus like, you know, as a coach, as a trainer, as a mentor, we can get so caught up in like, well, you're doing this wrong, or you're doing that wrong. But like that energy repels people versus like, encouragement, inviting people into the story and just smiling. It goes a long way.

[1543:44] Speaker 4: So yeah, and I of course I shared that with my wife. Hey, I did it was a lady and she said that to me. Okay, so my wife is cool about it. But anyway, I'm thankful for everyone's friendship. I thankful I'm learning from each one of you. And Jeremiah, of course. Awesome. Of course you Thank you. Thank you so much.

[1547:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So wonderful. Yeah. Thanks, everybody for being on here. Thanks, everybody for being here. Again, as well, yes, my mom has that offer end of the year for her thing. But I also have the offer in our group for the one on one coaching. And I mentioned that to everybody, that if you want to work with me, for the next year together, one on one, I think that this is this is going to be a great opportunity for you I'm not discounting it any more beyond where it is right now. It's already extremely discounted. It's $9,600 for the six sessions. So that sale ends next Friday. I'm not going to like pressure it a whole lot because listen, I know you guys already know about it. So just keep that in mind. I know that that's going to be really great for for some of you so have a good one, everybody. We will see you on Monday

[1563:19] Speaker 0: and we'll talk soon

