Day 1 - What Are Our Current Inner Circle Worship Songwriters Saying_
Date: 2022-06-27T18:48:19.000Z
Duration: 43 min
Otter ID: lsLfAsgrKuxwyRGjT24MuLa5koE
---

[40:58] Speaker 0: Welcome to today's broadcast. Thank you so much for joining me guys. I'm super pumped because oh sorry there we go. What up? What up? What up? What up? What up? Sorry. I'll have my mic muted here. What up ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's broadcast. We are super, super pumped. Are We live where we live?

[48:07] Speaker 0: Now we're good. What's up, ladies and gentlemen, sorry, we are just getting situated here. Guys, what's up? Welcome to today's broadcast. We are super pumped that you are here to join us. If you're watching this, it's because you've been hearing all about the inner circle. Woohoo, guys, we're excited. If you didn't know yet, there is a program that me and Adam carpenter have called the inner circle. And it is the highest level of coaching you can receive from us when it comes to songwriting, publishing, marketing, distribution, etc. All things for your music. And this whole week, we are going to be talking about the inner circle, what does it look like we're going to be hearing from some current inner circle members. We're going to be going over things like price, the value that you get, what's included, how it works, etc. Because this Friday, everybody in the comments, say this Friday, this Friday, this Friday, this Friday applications will go live now here's the thing, guys, before we jump into anything, there are about 10,000 people in our songwriting community. And many, many, many, many people have expressed interest in the inner circle already. So out of these 10,000 people who are interested in possibly joining inner circle, we are only taking a few applicants, okay, and not everybody who applies will be accepted. Okay. So this Friday, here's the biggest thing this Friday, the applications will go live, we'll get you the link. Okay. And then you will have just a couple of days you will have until Monday, July 4 To get your application in. After you get your application in. That's whenever the team will start reaching out we'll start going through everything. It's usually after that about a day or so after well you'll be notified if you got a accepted into the inner circle or not. But we're going to talk about that more later on this week. Okay, so today guys here in a little bit, we're actually going to hear from a couple of our inner circle members. And I will tell you guys this, I have not talked to any of them. Pre you know about this interview, I don't know what they're going to say it's all going to be live off the cuff. And just true and honest and sincere testimonies from them of what they think okay, but let's jump into it guys. What is the inner circle? Okay, so the inner circle is, it's a high level VIP coaching program that Adam carpenter and I have come up with to serve you guys and gals, at the highest level possible. A lot of the services that we offer in the inner circle are the same exact services that we have done for Stephanie Gregg singer, Maverick city, Jeremy riddle, and a bunch of your other favorite worship artists, okay? Let's just start getting through it. Okay, so, if you are accepted into the inner circle, okay, I'm gonna just gonna start going down the line of all the things that you would get if you get accepted into the inner circle. Number one, if you are accepted into the inner circle, okay, you would receive an exclusive excuse me an exclusive publishing administration deal with watershed Music Group. I know that sounds like a mouthful, and you're like, Okay, that sounds cool. What is that? Essentially what that is, this is a publishing administration deal, but allows you to keep 100% of your own royalties. A lot of times, if you were to go with a record label, or even with a publishing administration company, they're going to take a large percentage of your royalties, if you get accepted into the inner circle. Not only are we not going to take any of your royalties, but we are going to serve you at the highest level the same way we've done for Steph, and map city and Jeremy rental, but we're going to allow you to keep 100% of your royalties, and we're going to help manage that for you. In fact, the second thing that you're going to receive is you're going to receive royalty management, meaning a lot of times when people put out music, and maybe some of you guys and gals have experienced this before, a lot of times when you put out music, you know, you put so much passion, and so much love and so much energy and effort into your project. And you put it out there on a random like, you know, distribution platform or something, maybe TuneCore or wherever you put it out there. And literally the project just goes burrow, and it just flops and no one cares, and no one sees and you're like man and you feel you feel the pain of I put so much into this and no one even cared, we're going to make sure that that does not happen for you. Because we are going to make sure that we are managing your royalties for you. Okay, as the as the music goes out, we're going to help you distribute it, we're going to help you market it get that all going for you. In fact, here coming up, I'm going to tell you another amazing benefit you'd get if you were accepted into the inner circle. But one of the things is is as your music is going out there.

[132:00] Speaker 0: A lot of times if you do start making royalties, and in our case for the inner circle peeps, when they start making royalties, a lot of times people don't know where to find those out like, Okay, well I signed up with TuneCore Do I just get my royalties from them? That's one stream. But guys, honestly, there's up to eight different places where you can receive royalties from people just don't know. The cool thing is, is when you get accepted into the inner circle, you don't even have to worry about that we literally have provided a service guys in the inner circle. It's not just coaching. It's not just all this cool stuff. It is a service provided to you to where you do not have to worry about all of the quote unquote dirty work all of the hard work when it comes to the administration, the publishing the royalties, etc. We would take care of that for you. So it's the publishing administration deal with watershed the same one that Steph and Mab city and Jeremy rental and a bunch of others have we'd manage your royalties for you, you keep 100% of them. Another thing that you would get access to and this is in credible. My team and I have put together a list of over 3000 Somebody in the comments dropped the number 3000 3000 different festivals and venues that would actually pay you to come sing your songs live at their venues at their events. Think about what this could do for y'all. Okay, here's the crazy part about this. Okay, there are venues there are festivals, there are people looking for people to come and sing songs. Have their clubs, at their venues out their churches, at their festivals, etc. And maybe they can't afford you to, or Beyonce or Taylor Swift. But they have mass budgets for indie artists and Christian artists and worship artists and hip hop artists. They have budgets for people to come, and to release, perform, sing and minister their songs at these venues. And they're literally just looking for acts to come, guys, my team and I have put together over 3000 of these places for you to be able to reach out to and say, Yo, I would love to come just this alone, you can literally tour for years and years and years and years off of this and make a pretty decent living just by having access to this list alone. So this list alone is worth the cost of the program plus more, because of the potential that's there. Could you imagine, like out of the 3000 places? Let's say you, you actually hustled it up, okay? Let's say you hustled it up, you reached out to all, it's actually more like 3400. So let's say you reached out to all 3400, venues, festivals, what if What if 200 of them got back to you, and said, Hey, we would love to have you all of a sudden now you've got 200 dates, that is only a small percentage of places guys, like I'm telling you access to this list alone is going to change the game for for so many of you guys. Okay, so I'm excited about that. If you're accepted into the inner circle, you'll get access to that as well, you will also get access to 3800 different playlists, somebody dropped 3800 In the comments for me Come on all over this place, wherever you're watching from 3800 different playlists that are looking to stream music just like yours on their playlists, guys. I mean, imagine imagine, again, even if even if a small number of playlists got back to you, and said we would love to feature your new single on our playlist, that alone guys, just access to the venues that will pay you and the playlist these two things alone could literally can literally change the course of your whole life. This could literally launch years worth of a music career for you worship career, you know, it's just insane what the team and I've been able to put together for you guys. So 3800 different playlists that all you got to do is reach out to them. We have all their contact information for you reach out to them and say hey, my new singles drop in my new records drop in, I would love if you consider

[207:12] Speaker 0: featuring it on your playlist and guess what? Some of them are going to say yes. Maybe a lot of them. That would be nuts. What if 100 playlists out of 3800? What if only 1% got back to you in 38 playlists? Is that 1% That's less than 1% What if What if only less than 1% got back with you? And 50 to 100 playlists are streaming your new song do you think that could change things for you? It 100% Could guys so you will also get access for that okay listen when you are accepted into the inner circle we have multiple in person VIP artists coaching days in fact the next one coming up let me just double check here the next one coming up is actually September 6 and seventh so for those who would be in this next round of being accepted into the inner circle right away within a matter of like what is that in a matter of two months you would be here live in Austin Texas with me and everybody else from the inner circle and we're going to be having in person artists coaching it's going to be insane guys. Literally what we put together in the inner circle for you guys is something that I wish somebody would have had available whenever I was just starting out in my music journey 20 plus years ago all you guys and gals who get accepted you get instant access to all of it it's insane Okay, so it multiple multiple in person VIP artists coaching days together. Check this out y'all. If you get accepted into the inner circle, you will also receive an exclusive world wide music and music video distribution deal with watershed music group now I will tell you guys and gals this okay. It is one thing to distribute your music through a platform say like CD Baby or TuneCore or something like that. Okay. And and how many of you guys and gals have actually put music on those platforms and it didn't do nothing? Right? Well, the relationship that Adam and I have watershed Music Group, we actually have a very special connection to Capitol Records, okay. And because of our relationship with them because of our deal our partnership with them, we are actually able to offer worldwide distribution for your music, as well as your music videos, y'all. Someone dropped the two words music videos in the chats for me, I need about five people right now to drop music video in the in the chats for me, guys, this is unheard of as an indie artist, it is next to impossible to get this kind of distribution deal, not just with your music with your music videos, guys. I'm telling y'all, this is going to be a game changer. For tons of you guys and gals. Whoever gets accepted, okay, so if you get accepted into the inner circle, you not only get a worldwide distribution deal on your music, but also your music videos. What does that mean? It means whenever you go to Apple Music, and you see all the big dogs, the big guys and gals with their music videos distributed, but you don't see any indie artists with their music videos. Distributed. You know why? Because you cannot get it as an indie, unless you're with a big label, who's received and taken all of your royalties, okay? But if you get accepted in the inner circle, you get the same kind of access the same level guys. It's just insane. It's insane. Okay, if you get accepted into the inner circle, we also will have multiple in person co write opportunities. Again, the first one being in that September 6, and seventh window, y'all are going to come here to Austin, Texas, you're going to network with hundreds of other people in the inner circle, who are like minded, who are light hearted who are going for the same thing that you're going for. And guess what they're getting the same coaching you're getting, they get the same access that you get. So one sends 1000 to flight but two sends how many to flight y'all 10,000 to flight. So when we come together and we synergize our anointings we synergize our favor, we synergize the story that God is is working on the inside of us, y'all. It's going to be insane, y'all. It's going to be cray. Okay? Someone said, what if you have songs but you've not already recorded them? That's fine inner circle, just gonna pour gasoline on your process and blow you up. Okay. Let's see here, multiple in person co writing opportunities. Guys on top of this. We have multiple weekly coaching sessions. So myself and Adam Carpenter, as well as our partner, David Willis, who is actually a past student check this out. So our past student David Willis, has come to our program. His music is being played on radio, okay, he's already crushing it. He's already put out records. Literally this time last year, he knew nothing how to do any of this. Now he's one of the instructors because he has exploded. So far. So fast, so quick. Now he's one of the instructors. That's me, Adam and David Willis. We're giving y'all the game. We're coaching you. We're answering all your questions from songwriting, publishing, distribution, marketing, gosh, recording budget, how do we pay players? How do I play, pay a producer? Everything you could ever want to know how do I go on tour everything you could ever want to know about music, songwriting, publishing, distribution, marketing, etc, etc, etc. We answer your questions every single week, and we help y'all learn the game. Okay.

[304:49] Speaker 0: If you are accepted into the inner circle, you will receive a one year sorry one year worth of song reviews. So guys, Song reviews, I personally will review your songs for a year. And I'll give you the critiques the same way that I've helped coach different songwriters. In fact, just two days ago, I was in a studio session with some of Kanye West people, some of Bieber's people, some of one republics people and I was in this this session with them and I was coaching and CO writing with them the same level that I give to them. I'll be able to give to y'all. Okay, so you will also get a year's worth of song reviews. If you're accepted into the inner circle. There's there's a ton more still here guys. If you're accepted into the inner circle, you will also get Access to mine and Adam Carpenter's personal relationship with some of the top global worship leaders and songwriters. Okay so once a quarter we are bringing our friends in to be your coaches okay well known worship leaders well known songwriters, guys and gals that you looked up to that their music record you you will be able to sit in the room with them and you know get get time with them ask them questions. I mean, it's you can't get this anywhere else. If you're accepted into the inner circle you will get 24/7 access to myself and Adam carpenter we use a platform called Marco Polo. It's basically video texting y'all our Marco Polo thread is lit it's on fire. We're in there all day long, not just me and Adam, you know sharing and stuff but our community is in there way more than us even the community is in there just going for it encouraging one another giving each other song reviews, co writing together, networking together. It is insane, y'all, it is insane. Okay. Also, if you are accepted into the inner circle, we have multiple in person mastermind events. Again, these are just the live trainings, you'll come get in the room with hundreds of others who are just like you, and will mastermind together what's working for you? What's not working for you? What's a tip and trick that Rick and Adam know or what about you? What's something that you did that blew it up? Guys, a lot of the people in our inner circle right now their social media is blowing out. Literally their stuff is starting to blow up. They're sharing with one another I did this, this and this. And y'all should too. I mean, 24,000 We had one of our guys hit 24,000. But was it followers or reach he went from zero reach to he reached 24,000 People just in a couple of weeks, something like that, just by posting and using our our strategies that we're helping him with. I mean, in sane, insane, insane, y'all. But you can't blow up if you don't show up. Hey, so there you go. If you get accepted into the inner circle, a lot of you guys and gals have heard about our music launch master's program. It's like a $30,000 program that's just thrown in. We just threw it in for free. So if you get accepted into the inner circle, you get access to the music launch master's program. That program is lit hit, lit I put three syllables in a one syllable word. And lastly, if you get accepted into the inner circle, we're also throwing in two tickets. In the comments someone say two tickets someone say two tickets. Someone say two tickets in the comments. If you get accepted to the inner circle, we're also throwing in two tickets to the upcoming songwriters Launchpad in person VIP event happening here in Austin, Texas. Next month, myself upper room from Dallas, Texas. Bethel music artists are coming. Jeremiah Krakowski, Adam carpenter myself, we have Capitol Records as Jeff Gunkel is going to be guys I'm telling y'all we're literally have brought the best of the best of the best together. And we are literally going to be giving you guys and gals the game. Okay, so you don't want to miss that. Run. Let's bring on some peaks here. Let's see. I see we got a couple of peeps on. Let's bring on Brad. So guys, like I said, we're going to bring on a couple of current inner circle students. I have not pre talked to them at all about this interview. I just asked him would you come on and just share your experience? I don't even know what they're gonna say. But let's see is

[381:19] Speaker 1: Hey, Rick, Rick. Hello. Hello. Hello. How are you? Doing good. Coming from California where it's nice and toasty.

[384:10] Speaker 0: Come on a little bit. Back there. Let's see. 1216 We're gonna try to get the status down. Go and throw in here, right. So far,

[387:29] Speaker 1: I'm not liking it, right. It's I'm loving it. I'm loving it. Listen, I am so impressed with the inner circle because of the relationships that are forming with like minded people that care about you, you, Adam, David, care about the artists they care about how you craft your songs, how your mindset is this and the big thing for me was mindset. And I realized that there are a lot of people who believe in their music more than they believe in themselves. else can I say that again? I mean, it's, it's so true. I mean, I put all my energy and effort in writing my songs. But I realized sometimes I can have a crappy mindset about me. And so the inner circle and to be accepted, and it was a huge honor. One of the things to show me is like, you got to believe in yourself, you got to have the right mindset about yourself and believe in yourself. And so I was just thinking, man, God, I didn't realize that I had a crappy mindset about things. I just thought I write songs and, and hopefully, they'll get out there, but I had no strategy for it, until I got accepted into the inner circle. And then God started outlining strategies for me for Tik Tok Instagram, I'm on those platforms now where I wasn't on those platforms. And I had to break out of stinking thinking about me. So the inner circle has been a great, great impact in my life on that, and I listen, I want to say this, I wrote a couple notes down. Knowledge is power. That's true. And you get a lot of knowledge about the music industry about how to approach it, how to act on it. But you know, what else is power relationship? Relationship is power, when you can have relationship with your coaches that believe in you, that will tell you straight up, hey, this is what this sounds like. I had a couple of reviews from Rick and one one of the reviews was was a negative is just a great critique about, hey, you need to change this, you need to do this. I mean, where are you gonna find that? You're not gonna find that some people are not honest with you. And listen, why does everybody like Simon Cowell? Well, he's gonna tell the truth. He's gonna tell the truth. And so I appreciate when I'm told, Hey, you can make this better. This used to sound better, or that, you know, let's just redo that. I appreciate that. So let me tell everybody that's watching. Is it? Is it worth the investment? Yes, it's worth the investment. You have to ask yourself, how much are you worth? Are you how much are you worth? Are you willing to invest in what you are worth? And I hope you would say, man, you know, God has put talent, creativity. things inside of me that are divine, and it's not about money. It's about value. And Rick and Adam and David, they add value to your life. And I listen, I'm going to the songwriting Launchpad in July. I'm excited about that. But not only that, Rick, I was challenged, you know what, I gotta step up. Because you put up the VIP thing that you could spend one day, one day with you, I thought, You know what, that's an extra, whatever amount of money as I mean, I don't know if I have the money. And I had to come back to wait a minute, how much am I worth? Is it worth investing in myself, and you know what, I paid the price, I'm gonna be there, I'm gonna stay the extra day, I'm gonna hang out because you know what? access, access is vital. I'm not gonna get anywhere, unless I pay the price and have access into people that believe in you. So I want to encourage, listen to you guys, if you get accepted, it would be the best thing that will ever happen to you. And I'm not just blowing smoke, I'm just telling you straight up. I'm a pastor. So I've been around for a long time. You know, I've written songs and these guys are the genuine, real deal. So anyway, that's what I have to say.

[466:02] Speaker 0: How do you want to ask questions? Let me know. If somebody is considering applying for the inner circle, what would you say to those who are considering applying?

[470:10] Speaker 1: I would say be be honest with why you want to be part of it. Yeah, you can say oh, I want my songs to be heard. That's important stuff like that. But everybody wants their songs to be heard. You know, what I wrote down on my thing was, you know, I, I want to learn and I want to help other people. I want to serve the body of Christ. That's why I want to be part of the industry. I want to learn how to serve the body of Christ, through my artistry through my music, so I can help others do what Rick and Adam are helping me to do. And that's what I hope to do I want to help. I want to coach other people. I'll be honest with you. That's what I want to do. I want to help other people doing what you're doing this, isn't it. This wasn't available. I don't think it's ever been available. I've been around in the music industry for a long time. I've never heard this becoming available with people this statute, I will say, hey, we want to help you. And then you guys, listen, they're not doing it for the money. Trust me. It's not for that. So I would say to people, listen, be honest about it. And then God will open the door for you if you need to be at the inner circle.

[490:17] Speaker 0: Come on. Thank you so much. Brad dropped some fire emojis for him in the comments, y'all. fire emoji this man. Brad, I appreciate you, man. That is amazing. I didn't even know what he was going to say. And that was just that was incredible to hear his experience. Guys, I will tell you this. This Friday, somebody dropped the words this Friday in the comments all over this place. This Friday, this Friday, this Friday. The applications go live this Friday. And please listen to me on this. I will tell each and every one of you here. If you don't apply, you already disqualify yourself. If you don't apply, you all ready disqualify yourself. So I'm telling you guys and gals right now this Friday, the applications go live, you will only have 72 hours applications will close. Monday, July 4, you don't need a lot of time to be thinking about this. That's why we're giving you a week to ramp up and to really make sure Okay, do I want to do this? Is this something I want to do? Do I want to invest? Do I want to be challenged or I want to go to the next level. Okay, so this Friday applications will drop. And I'm telling y'all don't apply you already disqualify yourself. Ron was bring somebody else on here. We got my friend. Mr. Henry is in the building. What up Mr. barks for God. Let's go Henry. How

[514:19] Speaker 2: are you bro? I'm doing well. How about yourself,

[515:06] Speaker 0: bro them dreads are on point today, bro. They're looking good.

[516:32] Speaker 2: Yeah, man, I gotta wrap my hair like you do sometimes. Right?

[517:48] Speaker 0: Government with it, bro. So guys, Henry, I'm excited to talk to you, Henry, because Henry has actually been going through a lot of our different programs. And Henry, what was it about the inner circle that you were just like, You know what? I've gone through this program that program, but I'm going to go all the way in and I'm going to go for inner circle. What was that like? And then are you enjoying that you made that decision? Talk to us, man.

[524:00] Speaker 2: Yes. So for me, it's all about growth. I mean, from the start, you start to get these tools for success. And with anything, the more tools you have, the better work you can do. I truly feel like I mean, everything's just, it's just been enlightening. And I want to start to start calling you Uncle Richie Rich, because you give such a wealth of information, man, it really is priceless. And I know that is part of how I felt about when I was ready to sign up. I'm like, it isn't investment. But worshiping God is priceless. And I make hip hop music. So it's a little bit different than church worship, but still proclaiming the goodness of God. There's nothing better than for me.

[535:28] Speaker 0: Wow, come on, man. Let me ask you this, Henry. So you you gone through some of our programs, you jumped in inner circle, bro, you're always in there, you're always paying attention. Talk to us about I mean, you made the investment in yourself. What are some of the fruits? I mean, because it's only been a couple of months. And you're already seeing a bunch of fruit from this man. Talk to us about the transformation that's happening?

[541:36] Speaker 2: Well, honestly, it starts with the constructive criticism. Because the song submissions I get, I just get so much good, good info from that. And then just being like Brad said, was such like minded people who helped push you who helped with with that sense of okay. I'm not in this alone. I'm not the only one doing this. I'm not the only one who needs more knowledge, who needs to have a better blueprint for success because we all start out and say, oh, you know, I can do this, but it's not quite that easy. So just being able to learn from others. gain that knowledge gain that confidence. It's truly been a blessing.

[554:08] Speaker 0: Come on brah I love it. Because guys, Henry's all about just taking taking the Hey, what about this, he gets some feedback, he adjusts and then he blows it up even harder. And I've just, I've seen that growth in your life, bro. And I'm just so excited. Henry, let me ask you this man. For those who are thinking about applying to inner circle this Friday when application Things go live. What would you say to them, man? Because I know every single every single person, you know, when you're considering jumping and making making the decision and making the investment and joining something and committing, every single one of us goes through mental blocks like man, is it going to be worth it? Is it cool? Should I do it? Should I not? What was that like for you? And should they do it?

[566:22] Speaker 2: What it was like for me, man, you know, you sit down with the pros and cons. And when it comes down to it, the pros far outweigh the cons. And I can't really think of any cons at the moment. But I mean, in hindsight, just man, I mean, a lot of the people in the group like bread, several pastors, several musicians who've been doing it for a long time. Other producers who can kind of help make music for you. So it's not just Rick, Adam.

[574:55] Speaker 0: Let you all the communities on fire.

[575:29] Speaker 2: Seriously, seriously. I mean, man, we pray for each other. We honor each other, we give each other it's just a man. It's a beautiful thing. It truly I didn't I didn't know what it would be when I signed up for it. And now that I see what it is, it's definitely worth it. But again, that thought process just comes down to like Brad said, Am I worth it? Is worshiping God worth it? is improving your craft worth it? And when it comes down to your craft being the worship of the Lord, man, I mean, come on. What's not going to be worth it?

[584:58] Speaker 0: Come on, man. Guys. Clap him up. Henry in the building. He's barking for the Lord Henry work in a working they check you out. Man. I forgot to ask Brad. But where can they check you out, bro? Yeah,

[588:07] Speaker 2: I'm on social media, Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook, Twitter, even hint barks for God. I also have a website and barks for guide.com. But my music is on streaming services. Most of the big ones, Spotify, Apple, iTunes, all that good stuff. YouTube music, so feel free to check me out. Go check him out.

[593:38] Speaker 0: Y'all guys dropped some fire emojis for him in the comments. Come on. Come on. Come on. Well, guys, listen, I'm seeing some of these questions come in. People are saying can you apply if you're under 18? Yes. People are saying what does the application process look like? Guys? It's the simplest form that you've ever seen in your life? It's probably, I would say seven to 10 questions that basically allow us to see, okay, is this the right kind of person that we're wanting to be accepted into the inner circle? Okay, so you don't have to, you know, sing a song and prove to us that you're good enough? It's not about do you got the chops or not on your song? Really the only two qualifications to apply to the inner circle, y'all is number one. Do you think me and Adam can help you get there to where you're trying to go and your destiny? As a worship songwriter? That's number one. Number two, are you willing to commit? Not just obviously with the investment with the time? Are you willing to put in the work? Are you willing to be coached? I will say this guys, every every good coach has coaches. I have coaches in my life, right? I have mentors in my life. And I got to I committed you know, financially, I committed with time, I committed on showing up and learning from them as well. And that's what brings real transformation. Okay, the same way that you guys and gals have been hearing from Brad, you've been hearing from Henry. later on this week, you'll be hearing from other students. The way that you're going to see real transformation, the way that you're going to start seeing impact, the way that you're going to start growing your influence the way that you're going to pick up your income. I think it was Henry has already gone. But Henry was talking one of the times we talked to him. He's like, Man, I didn't know it was this. I didn't know this was possible. I was I was in for a couple of months. And he had mentioned he had already started receiving his first royalty checks, guys, I'm telling you the transformation that is available to y'all in this inner circle is absolutely unprecedented. You can't get this information on YouTube. There's nowhere else on the planet that you can get this kind of information, service and coaching. That's really what it is. We're not just coaching you, we are serving you. We are providing all these services for you. Just like we've done for MAVs city and Steph Grotzinger. Jeremy riddle, the same level that they got is what you're going to get if you get accepted. But here's the punch line.

[634:29] Speaker 0: You already disqualified yourself if you don't apply. So guys this Friday, this Friday, one more time. I need about five people in the comments. Drop it right now. This Friday. This Friday. Applications go live this Friday. Okay, be looking guys I'm telling you out of the 10,000 1000 Plus who are interested in the inner circle, less than 100 are going to be accepted into the inner circle, okay? So you won't be accepted. If you don't apply. That's just how it works, right? You can't be accepted if you don't apply. So whatever you do, if your heart is stirred within you, if you're burning for something like this, if you're like, Man, I want access to that through those venues, who will pay me to come sing my songs, I want access to that playlist, I want that same administration deal in my publishing that those those awesome people have, I want access to the community. I want to get coached, I want to get trained, I want to come for CO writes, I want Rick and Adam to basically hold my hand from the beginning all the way to the award ceremony. Okay, let's literally what we're going to do, Adam has won multiple, multiple, multiple awards in the music industry, we will hold your hand from zero all the way to the award ceremony. Okay. We're going to do that for you all in the inner circle. Listen, I know everybody's wondering about the price. Okay, whatever you do, do not miss tomorrow. Tomorrow, we're going to talk about all about the investment this will cost. We're going to talk about how that works. Adam carpenter is going to be joining us tomorrow to just share his heart about the inner circle. And we will also hear from other inner circle members, how they're liking the inner circle, guys. Okay. Tune in tomorrow, guys, same time, same place, especially if you want to know what's the investment going to be? How is it? How does it work? I do have good news for y'all. We have a financing option available. Okay, so if you're really wanting to do this, but maybe you don't have the liquid right now, you don't have to worry about that because we do have an amazing, amazing finance option available. I'll tell you more about it tomorrow. Okay. Tune in guys, same time, same place tomorrow, we will see y'all tomorrow. Come continue to check out what is going on with the inner circle. And this Friday. This Friday, the applications will go live okay. And I can't wait to see a bunch of guys and gals to join us in the inner circle on this next round. Love you bless you. Believe in yourself. y'all believe in yourself. Start to decide right now that you are going to make a life changing choice. That would literally change everything for you decide right now before the application is dropped before everything else. Commit now figure everything else out later. All right. Love you. Bless you. We'll see you guys tomorrow. Thanks for joining

