Day 4 - What Are Our Current Inner Circle Worship Songwriters Saying_
Date: 2022-06-30T21:17:46.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: CMGlPzC6sZoMFTQijfAeXao6ikg
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: turn my microphone on. I have. What's up y'all? Tomorrow is the day tomorrow is the day. Somebody in the comments, leave the word tomorrow, tomorrow? Tomorrow, it's only a day go away. Listen, y'all, we are opening up the applications tomorrow morning. 9am Central Standard Time. If you have your alarm set, let me know in the comments say I do say I do say I do if you got your alarm set for tomorrow morning at 9am Central Standard Time, that is when the applications for the inner circle will go live. Here's how to find the application, the link will be posted here in the Facebook group, we will email you. And if you are on our if you're on our tech service, we will text you so every every which way that you can receive communication, you will be notified. Okay? Again, like I said, you want to make sure to be one of the first ones to get your application. And if you are considering this, make sure that you get your application in sooner than later. Because y'all there's over 10,000 people in this community. And many, many, many, many of you guys and gals are interested in joining the inner circle. And I'm telling you right now, there's no way that we can, we can accept all the people who apply. So make sure that you get your application in sooner than later. Because honestly, the way it works is if we are going through and we are looking at people's applications, if they're approved, approved, approved, approved, if they're accepted, when we run out, we run out and if you apply you know too late, and you know you got it in later than the people who hustled up and got it done sooner, your chances will definitely go up for approval by you hurrying up to get your application in. All right, y'all. Guys, it's going to be a fantastic, fantastic day together. We are going to I'm going to talk to you all today about something very, very important. I want to tell y'all a story about an egullet. And that's going to happen here in just a few minutes. But guys, listen, if somehow you don't know what's going on, and somehow you've been living under a rock, you've been in this community, but you have no clue what's happening. Rick just popped out and he's going live what's going on? We are opening up the doors one more time to our inner circle program. What is the inner circle program? The inner circle program is our highest level VIP coaching for singers, songwriters, worship leaders, musicians, for anyone who wants to get launched and skyrocketed into their worship songwriting journey into their artistry journey. Myself and Adam carpenter are going to lead the charge, y'all the community is literally lit lit on fire blowing it out. And in fact, we have some of our community members here on in just a few moments I'm on bring some of y'all on. And I'm just going to ask y'all what you guys think of the inner circle. I've been telling you guys and gals this week, I have not previously talked to any of the people that we're bringing on today. I don't know what they're going to say about the inner circle. We're literally just bringing them on to say, Hey, can you talk about your experience, so we're gonna hear from them in just a second. If you are accepted into the inner circle, by the way, if I haven't mentioned yet to Monroe, to Monroe, it's only a due to a tomorrow the applications go live.

[58:05] Speaker 0: When you apply, if you are accepted, you will receive an exclusive publishing administration deal with watershed music group. That means you get to keep 100% of your royalties and your ownership and publishing this is the exact same somebody in the compensate exact same. This is the exact same deal that we have done for Stephanie Grotzinger. Maverick city music, Jeremy riddle, Jason Upton, and many of your other favorites. If you get accepted, you'll get that publishing administration deal, you'll get royalty management. Okay, so here's the biggest problem. A lot of times people put music out there. Think about it, aren't you tired of experiencing the pain of number one not knowing what to do? Or what about the pain of man, I wrote the songs I record the songs I put all this passion, all this effort, all this money into recording the songs. I put it out there on the internet, and it didn't do nothing. Guys, the reason why I didn't do nothing is because there's a right way and a wrong way to do this. We are going to ensure your success that you do this the right way. And when you do it the right way. You can make royalties. Somebody put royalties in the comments. I'm telling y'all right now. If you are accepted into the inner circle, you also receive royalty management through watershed Music Group. Game Changers Are you will get to direct access to over 3000 venues and festivals that will pay you. I wish I had about five people in the comments right now say pay you, they will pay you to come sing your songs live at their events. I mean, guys, you literally can't find lists like this anywhere. This only comes through years of being in the game. And that's what Adam and I are going to give to you, you'll get direct access to over 3000 venues, guys, here's the thing, even if a small number of these venues actually got back to you. And I mean, my gosh, what if out of 3000? Plus, what if 12 of them got back and said I would love for you to come? I will pay you to come sing your songs. Oh, my gosh, now you're on the road once a month? What if 24 get back to you? You're on the road twice a month? What if 36 of them got back to you? You're on the road three times a month, y'all. This is insane. This is absolutely insane. Would that be a game changer for you? Yes, it would. You will also get direct access to over 3800 play lists Bucka Bucka, Bucka playlists, guys, there are 1000s of people who are looking for music just like yours. They want to feature your music on their playlists. We have direct access, literally going to give you their contact information. And all you got to do is reach out and say hey, my new singles drop in my new records drop in Would you consider putting it on your playlist? And guess what these people are going to go? We are looking for new music just like yours. We would love for you to jump on our playlist 3800 playlists, y'all. I mean that alone again, if even if a small number get back to you. Your musics about to go viral. What if a big number got back to you Come on with it. Also, guys, if you get accepted to the inner circle, there's inperson VIP artists coaching. So our first event coming up is September 6 and seventh I believe here in Austin, Texas, you're going to get together with the other inner circle members myself, Adam Carpenter, it's going to be Liddy lit lit. If you get accepted into the inner circle. Oh, there's Adam. What's up, man? Whatever, yo, yo. All right, I'm just telling them again, what they get if they're accepted. If you get accepted into the inner circle, you get an exclusive worldwide somebody say world wide in the comments worldwide. You get an exclusive worldwide music, video and music, your actual music distribution deal. So we will distribute your music. No, we don't throw it up on CD Baby. No, we don't throw it up on TuneCore it is much more advanced than that. We're going to give you a distribution deal for your music and your music videos. Adam, you wanna talk to us about

[124:41] Speaker 1: it? Yeah, so you know, the core of what you create as an artist, of course, on one hand is a song that you write. But secondly, is content you create. Traditionally we think of an audio file, and then that's about it. Well, in today's world, it's important to consider audio and video. And arguably in the social media era. We're in video first as kind of like a key driver type of content. And so of course, your social media matters. Your YouTube Channel matters. But what about Apple Music? What about Amazon music? What about these other places that receive video, and we want to just help provide our infrastructure to make sure your your songs and your music and your footprint can go everywhere possible. And so we help to just provide that at no cost to you whatsoever. To make sure your your videos are released to these platforms to help serve what you're creating your audio is going through all the major platforms, but even provide a marketing link you can use where people can pre save and pre add the music to their libraries. You can use it before and after the music's released, give you data that you know shows how many clicks and all that kind of stuff that happened. All in all we want to help your music get heard.

[145:54] Speaker 0: Basically, y'all it's going to be lady lit. Lit. Lady lit. Lit. All right, you get the distribution deal, guys, there's gonna be multiple in person co writing opportunities. If you guys want to get in the room with some powerhouse songwriters, we have multiple co writing opportunities. There are multiple weekly coaching sessions. So Adam and I, we're gonna coach you every week. Our guy, David Willis, he's also going to be coaching every week, it's going to be nuts. Guys, if you get accepted into the inner circle, you get a year worth of song reviews. This is mind blowing. This is nuts. Adam, could you imagine if Martin Smith or Chris Tomlin are one of the guys that we looked up to growing up, you know, 20 years ago? Could you imagine if Martin Smith from delirious were to give us a year whose birth of song reviews?

[160:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, cuz, because here's the thing underneath the surface of song review is insight and wisdom and perspective from someone who is way further down the road. And so not not only would it for me being the kind of guy I am, it would have been kind of a dream come true in that context. But more importantly, it would have been like something that sent me sent me head way down the road farther quicker.

[167:15] Speaker 0: I love what one of our gals yesterday said, Adam, I believe it was Laura, who said this yesterday. I said, Man, should people who are on the fence if they should apply or not, you know, what's something that you would say to them? And she said, Well, you have a choice. You can either be a turtle, or you can be a rabbit, you can either do this very slow, try to figure it out on your own, or you can get some, you know, gasoline poured on your fire and go for it. Okay, so guys, on top of that, not only do you get a year worth of song reviews, you'll get access to mine and Adams personal relationships with some of the top worship songwriters all over the globe. That alone is insane. 24/7 access to myself to add them to our whole community on a platform called Marco Polo. It's basically a video texting app, or you can talk to us all day everyday talk to each other all day, every day, multiple in person mastermind events. Again, our first one's coming up September 6. So if you want to come get in the room with us, y'all send that application in. Okay. On top of all this, guys, you also get access to our music launch master's program. This is a $28,000 coaching program. We're just going to throw it in there for you as a free bonus. And then of course, if you get accepted into the inner circle, we're going to give you two free tickets to the upcoming songwriters Launchpad with myself, Adam Carpenter, upper room from Dallas, Texas, Bethel music artists, and Jeff Gunkel. From Capitol Records, Adam, these are like the best of the best of the best in the worship truly, people really don't understand. I'm excited. I mean, Antonio and Alison are coming from Bethel music. Adams talking about this recently, I think with your brother Adam. And we were talking about how these guys and Tony and Alison are literally probably the most connected people in the worship movement currently today. And they're going to be sharing their hearts with us at the songwriters. Launchpad.

[199:43] Speaker 1: Yes. And they're playing on a lot of the most popular music today and unpopular music from you know, yeah, there's all kinds of major stuff they're playing on,

[202:26] Speaker 0: everybody's everything everywhere. And everywhere you look, they are going for it. So y'all, I've been saying it all week, you cannot be accepted. If you do not apply. You cannot be accepted if you do not apply. So guess what, if you want to already disqualify yourself right here at the beginning, then don't apply. But if you want to be considered sending the application, okay, I told y'all yesterday, we will talk today about who is the inner circle for what is required to apply and how do you apply guys, it's very simple. Okay, who is this program for this program is for anybody who's ready to go to the next level, in their songwriting journey in their artistry journey. This program is for anyone who's tired of going through the same old cycles that obviously don't work for you, and you're ready to level up. This program is for people who are serious, and not just curious, this program is for people who believe that they are worth it. This program is for people who heard from God that He is going to cause you to stand in stadiums, to shake whole generations to write songs that move and impact and strengthen the body of Christ. This is not just for people who are playing around, listen, if you're playing around, don't apply. We don't have time for games, okay? We want to run with high level people. We want high level people. And you need to tell yourself here, right here, if you know you're a high level person with high level potential, you absolutely need to apply to be considered to join the inner circle. Okay. How, what requirements do you need to join the inner circle? Y'all there's two requirements. There's two requirements. I need about 10 people in the comments here because I need to know that y'all are listening. There's only two requirements to to apply to the inner circle. No, you don't have to have songs written you don't have to send in a video of yourself singing your song. Here are the two requirements. requirement number one. Are you do you think that Adam and I could be the ones to help take you to the next level in your songwriting and artistry journey? If you think that We are, then you should apply requirement number two, you have to be willing to put in the work. Because guys, the punch line is this, it don't work if you don't work. Hey, don't work if you don't work, okay? This is not a lottery ticket. This is not you know, a woohoo, I joined the inner circle now I'm instantly going to go viral. Not necessarily you got to put in the work. Somebody in the comments about 13 People say put in the work, put in the work, you got to be willing to put in the work. So that's the two requirements. Number one, do you think my buddy Adam, and I could be the ones to help you if you do think that we have wisdom, experience knowledge that can be helpful for you, then this is right for you. Number two, are you willing to work with us and put in the work? If you are, that's the only requirements needed to join the inner circle. That's all you need to have in order to send in the application. Adam, go ahead. I can tell you got something on it.

[256:24] Speaker 1: No, no, I'm just I'm tracking with you. I'm vibing.

[257:50] Speaker 0: I'm getting out. I'm smiling. Guys. That's it. Okay, listen, it don't work. If you don't work in let me tell y'all about this because we have some of our current inner circle students on today. And let's start bringing them on Rome. Let's bring them on. Let's start with let's start with Barry. Let's bring sorry, Brett said Barry's his last threat. Let's bring on Brett Brett is killing the game. Brett.

[264:50] Speaker 2: Hey guys, can you hear me? Okay? Everything good?

[265:28] Speaker 0: Yeah, what up? What up? What up? What up? Brett, you are in the inner circle? You are going for it? You're crushing it, you're releasing the fire? How is the inner circle been for you so far? Man.

[268:41] Speaker 2: It's it's awesome. I mean, seriously, it's I've been around for a while, unless young than I used to be. And this for a long time, you know, and, and I've been worked in the industry. I've worked. I've had publishing deals, I've had record deals. And so it's so I've I know that side of the table. And I've also worked that side of the table, I've worked in public, I came off the road and worked in publishing for about four years, managing helping manage catalogs as before, so I so I understand that side of it. And so plus, now on the worship side of things, Rick, you know, I actually participated in one of your 50 Our worship conferences that it was go up. We're here in Maryland. And and

[280:16] Speaker 0: yeah, it was amazing. Were you were you at that one.

[281:21] Speaker 2: I was I was in the 50s. We were cornerstone. I led the corner. I was the worship director for Cornerstone Church at that time. And so we connected with you at that time that haven't cents, but I've always appreciated your heart. And so when I saw this, and when I saw what Adam was bringing to the table, and what I know that you bring to the table, I went, Okay, it's time for me. And I've continued to write over the years, but I've stepped back from the industry. At least my ongoing my engagement. I'm a worship director, a technical director, so my plate was just constantly full. Sure, killed us all, you know, not just the virus, but the actual things that we had to do to make it work. But anyway, the point being is that, especially guys bring to the table I went, Man, this is this is exactly just exactly what knowing what I know, when this is gold. You know, this is gold, and it's beautiful. There's the mentoring aspect, there's the knowledge base, you know, there's the publishing, there's the artist help. There's the coach, I noticed, Rick, you were having some congestion with your Volvo voice. There's this course online with Rick Pino. And it's awesome. And he'll help you with that. Anyway, you know, so it's good stuff here, man, I'm really enjoying it. And I'm getting just what I need. I believe that regardless of where a person is, at in their, in their journey, there's something here for everyone. And like you said, you gotta you got to be willing to do the work, you got to be willing to, you know, one do you want to, you know, my wife and I work in marriage counseling, my wife's a marriage counselor. You know, I've been in therapy for like, 30 years, you know, and throughout our marriage, you know, but anyway, you know, but but she's, but the point being is, we see there's a lot of people who know what to do, and they know how to do it, but they lack the want to, and, and, and that that's not that they just don't want it badly enough to stop to never stop trying. And so, this course, what I'm finding is that there's something here for everyone if you want and it's like you said, if you want to grow, and you're willing to work, not just willing to work, if you want to work, man, you got to want it. And, you know, I can think you ask the question to anyone. You have something in your life that your knee wants so badly that you will not stop trying, no matter what. I've got a few things but anyway, so this thing here, I'm going oh, man, there's something here for everyone. And so I was able to look through it and go, Okay, I need this, this and this. And then along with it. Man, there's just so much there's so many extras. I mean, I'm telling David Willis alone. What a blessing.

[320:43] Speaker 0: What an unexpected dudes fire.

[321:24] Speaker 2: Oh, man. And the guy is like, you know, anyway, just a real blessing just you talking about preparing?

[322:52] Speaker 0: Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this Brett, has it been worth it? Has it been worth it? Like that's, that is I think that's one of the biggest questions that so many people who are considering applying have like, is it going to be worth it? Was it worth it to you?

[326:26] Speaker 2: Well, you know, it's so interesting. Well, of course, for me. Absolutely. And I think for anyone who's willing to think critically, you know, if you're willing to look at the situation and go, What can I first of all, do, I know what I want. If I'm, if I'm, like you said, if I'm looking for a free ride and, and that's your mindset toward life, if you have an entitlement mindset of any kind, it's not going to be worth it for you. But if you are good after something, if you want to grow as an individual, if you want to grow spiritually, or if you want the nuts and bolts and really want to become a student of becoming, whether it's at my music, whether it's at my art, you know, my artistry, my writing, whether it's a knowledge base for publishing you, if you if you're a student of life, like we have a thing called the Home educated mind. Well, our whole thing is about lifelong learning. And so I'm going I'm looking at this going, man, there's a knowledge base here, there's experienced base here. I was I was mentioning a moment ago about you dropping the pearls. I'm going man, there are pearl necklaces here. There are so many pearls, there's so many nuggets, so many nuggets of wisdom and experience. And, you know, again, I mentioned earlier, Adam, I appreciate your father's heart, you know, and Rick, I appreciate your directness, you know, and it's, it can be challenging at times. But that's the thing is is are we are we moving towards something if you're an individual who was has a vision of any kind, you want to get better or you want to you have a word from the Lord, you got to deliver that you get obstacle after obstacle. This will help you work your way through it. Yeah, man. So yeah, of course. Yeah, absolutely.

[350:48] Speaker 0: Thank you so much for jumping in. Come on y'all Clap, clap. share his heart. It's an honor. It's more than worth it. Thank you so much, Brett. Rome. Let's bring on and by the way, just to bring a little bit of clarification, and I know what Brett meant, because obviously he's in the inner circle. This is not a course y'all. This is a one year program. It's a VIP coaching program. It's not just you paying you get access to a course. This is a one year program that we will walk with you. Okay, Rome. Let's bring on Cara. Let's bring on Karen see what your girl see. What's your girl? Going to tell the people Kara? What's up? Yo? Kara, what is going on with you? Girl? You're blowing it out. Stop. Y'all serious? Kara is blowing it out. She's going for it writing the songs, getting the songs going. Kara, what's the inner circle been like for you?

[365:55] Speaker 3: Listen, you guys, literally life changing. And I don't want to sound cliche when I say that. But when I tell you guys like this has been the best investment I've ever made in my life. And that's a bold statement for me to say but

[369:40] Speaker 0: the best investment she's ever made in her whole life. Come on.

[371:06] Speaker 3: So here's the thing, though. It's like the Lord dealt with me on this because I'm at the beginning. I was like, alright, that's like some money. You know, that's the money. And and like, I had to really decide like, am I gonna put this money towards this? Like, do I really believe in this and the Lord dealt dealt with me in it and was like Kara, is the call that I've placed in your life worth investing in? Is my glory, in you worth investing in for the fullness of My Glory to be magnified in your life. That you cannot put a price on that

[380:17] Speaker 0: your girl said is the calling that God has placed upon your life worth investing into. Let me take a timeout here because y'all, here's why 90 99% of people don't make it to their full calling. And then they blame it on God. Because people are not willing to actually get off the couch. Take an action step. That's how your faith gets activated. You got to take action. I know there are many of you guys and gals watching. You've been praying for an opportunity. You've been praying for a mentor. You've been praying for a coach, you've been praying for wisdom. You've been praying for all this stuff. And then here we are Adam carpenter and our right literally in front of you saying Hey, guys, we have a one year VIP coaching program. Yes, it's a little investment but we're gonna give all the stuff you've been praying to you and more, and you're still gonna sit on the couch and go God You didn't answer my prayer. What? Come on y'all can go ahead, Adam. Go ahead. Good.

[395:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm reminded of the topic of stewardship right now. Because you know, Jane chapter two first off, faith that works is dead. You can kind of inverse that and say your faith is made complete by what you do. But in the gospels, the stewardship element with a talent is the father leave you with something? Come back later to check on what you did with what he had given you. And he gives you five, you know what if we give him five more, you know what I mean? And our actions is part of our stewardship. It's not just our mindset, it is our action. Truly.

[404:50] Speaker 0: That's good. Karen, let me ask you a question. Because I know there are people right now on the fence tomorrow morning at 9am. Central Standard Time, when the applications go live, there are people who are praying, should I do this? Should I apply? What would you say? Because Carrie, you were right here just a few months ago, you were in the same valley of decision going, should I do this? Should I not? What would you say to those people who are considering applying? What would you what would you tell them?

[411:59] Speaker 3: Okay, so true story, you guys. Before the inner circle, I binged out on Google and YouTube to try to figure out how to steward the call on my life, and how to launch my music. And literally, like, when I compare what I found on Google and YouTube, like you can't even compare it to the value that this program brings. There is nothing there's no other course there's no other program. There's no other men of God with impartation that is available right now. Other than this, like this is like, this is this is a gold mine. Here is your worshiper and you want to launch your music because you not only get like the backend administrative side of it, but you get to run with what with runners like there's something about

[425:47] Speaker 0: your girl said run with runners. Era. Karen, let me ask you this question. Was it worth it? I've been asking everybody that. Was it worth it? Yes. Yes. Would you do it again? If you had the opportunity? Would you jump in? Now that you know what, you know, would you do it again? Yes. 100% 100%. Y'all Listen, let me tell you guys this. Okay. Adam, Adam and I, we were offering this opportunity to everybody here, but I'm not asking you to do something that we haven't done like I am in mentoring programs that costed way, way more than what this one costs. I am in coaching programs. I have a coach, I have pastors, I have mentors. I have people in my life who are helping me go ahead, Adam.

[437:54] Speaker 1: I'm a part of copyright societies where I'll tend to publishing events, publishing administration conferences, the most not cool events ever because it helps sharpen me for this.

[440:43] Speaker 0: Exactly. So y'all here's the thing, what Kara is saying, you can't get this by binging on YouTube. The only way you can get this is to get connected to us, y'all because Adams been doing his part for 20 years. I've been doing my part for 20 years. When you connect with us, y'all you get 40 years of experience wrapped into one Kara Let's give her a hand clap y'all Kara. Thank you so much, girl. You are a bright light. I appreciate you so so so much. Rom let's just jump right on in. I see my girl. We're not in a building. You're in the building. She's on fire. She's lit up. She's blowing it out. She's shaking a generation. What up Renata? How are you, girl?

[452:40] Speaker 4: Hey, I'm doing great.

[453:19] Speaker 0: I'm doing good. Talk to the people. How has the inner circle been for you?

[454:41] Speaker 4: Oh, my goodness has been a godsend. It's been a godsend. When you've been I've been in the referrals when it comes to the music industry. I say for about 20 years or so I sang with the view. And we got the same way. Jg Harris and Hezekiah Walker titrated. I got to know like Paris Bowens, I got to know, Tory with chamber. So it's like you're in that community, where you're around the people and you're singing there, but not necessarily having access and into the doors that will help you to get in. And then I launched around 2010 I decided to do it on my own and get my own music out. And my music was totally different from the music I was using. It was definitely a different sound. And so going to different conferences, going to different reading the books, passing in all these different like para was saying about Googling and everything. I was doing it for years, and trying to get my foot in the door. And I would get like a break for a moment. And then it would you know retreat and a break for a moment. Up until I would say about 2017 I just really took a hiatus and there was a moment where I went through like a dark night of the soul situation where it almost took the desire for music, music and life out of me and I I've been on a hiatus since then. And so until about 2020, I started working on new music and all the music that was coming out of that dark night, please. Now is like I was like, it's time to start working on it. But I had been out of it so long, we're out of industry connection so long is like how in the world am I going to get back? Then I started with a song right as long as and getting in and learning and

[487:53] Speaker 0: Renata, what was it because this the story is so powerful that you're telling because I think a lot of people, they've either been jaded, they got burned out, maybe they've been doing this for a while, life just knocked the wind out of them, whatever it was, and they know God is calling him back to this place. And it sounds like you already came back. I mean, what was it about the inner circle that you're like, This is exactly what I need? What was that for you?

[493:58] Speaker 4: Well, I had to do some soul searching. And I had to pray, I really had to ask God, whether this was what I needed, what he wanted me to do, because I had been a part of programs. And I've been a part of, of they seek mentorships. But they really didn't listen to you. And if anything, a lot of it even though it was Christian, it sounds a whole lot like the world shifts. They were giving you more secular stuff than the people in the world were giving you. And I'm like, Whoa, wait a minute. And I wanted that balance of the kingdom. I want to know the business side. But I also want to know the realities of walking this walk, and being a kingdom citizen, and really going this God's way. And when I said, I'm gonna take this chance, Lord opened up the door for the money. And he did. And I was like, let's let's do it. And man, it's been a blessing ever since?

[508:16] Speaker 0: I mean, are you glad you did it? Was it worth it?

[509:13] Speaker 4: It was more than worth it worth it. It is not places that I've been trying to get access to platforms have now just seemed like they just miraculously opened up. But the information itself. I mean, you guys do such a great job with mentorship, where no matter where you come in, in the process, if you're just starting off, or if you've been at it for a while. It's like you put such information such nuggets as Brett was talking about, like this is really truly a gold mine. And it's not an exaggeration, the information that you give, like I've been trying to do publishing for years, but just being able to know exactly the difference and making sure I have my IPR and knowing what that is making sure knowing what the point was, you know, I had a situation in the past regarding that and being able to ask those questions, and you guys are so assessable you answer those questions you make sure that we know exactly what we need to know. And you provide not just what the course is but you you're right there you literally are right there. I mean come on. My phone is pinging all the time from Marco Polo.

[528:16] Speaker 0: Y'all copper up clapper up. Renata, thank you so much for joining. I appreciate you so much, girl. Keep blowing it out. Let's see if Miss Isabella's on. If she is on I would love to talk with her real quick then I'm going to do a 10 minute training for y'all. If you guys can hang with me. I promise you this 10 minute training will be eye opening. But let's bring Miss Isabel on guys. I'm excited to have Miss Isabella here because Isabel is actually our youngest student. Isabel, if I'm not mistaken, you're what 1415 If you don't mind me asking, right?

[537:11] Speaker 5: Yeah, I'm 15 Now my grandma's beside me. Yeah. It's amazing. The work he's doing

[538:45] Speaker 0: is to come on, guys. Isabella is one of our most teachable students. She's been connected to our trainings now for probably a little over a year now. Right Isabella? How long has it been

[541:42] Speaker 5: amazing? The whole year and a half and Sao Paulo got a super lunching

[542:49] Speaker 0: with y'all Isabella's got this spark from God on her life. She's fired up. She's writing song. She's called the shake nations. And she's going for it, y'all. If last year she was 14, she was 14 last year y'all. Can you imagine what God's about to do in her life? Because she got such an amazing Headstart. Isabel is talk to us about it. How has the inner circle been for you so far?

[549:36] Speaker 5: It's been so powerful how God has been super launching me. And I've seen my calling and purpose being confirmed so powerfully in this group, and it's even been super launched itself to call on the purpose, because I'm seeing it being fulfilled already through a lot of different things. I just published Bella song and the Great Awakening some instrumentals through watershed and that was extraordinary. And I haven't seen it's been just so so glorious, the work of God.

[556:58] Speaker 0: Isabella, I wish I wish I could have had an uncle Rick, when I was 14 and 15 years old. I wish I could have had Isabella has it been worth it to you?

[560:00] Speaker 5: There's been so worth it, it's been extraordinarily worth it all the money has been so worth it. Because already I've even seen the call and purpose confirmed. And I've been seeing the work of God being super launched in the happening in my life, and it's taking place. And I believe that people in this group are being called for a mighty work with God and the nations all over. And I believe this is a shaking of this generation. And I believe that as God is doing this, he's opening things up for 1000s of people so that they would hear the heart of God. And I just think God, thanks so much. It's been extra

[567:58] Speaker 0: go. She talks about shaking generation when she's 15 years old. You know what I would do and I'm 14 years old, I was not talking about shaking generations. All right, Kim, I clapper up, Miss Isabella, thank you so much for joining us, girl. We are so proud of you. Keep going for it, girl. Yes, yes, yes. Well, listen, guys, if you got just 10 more minutes, I'm going to do a very quick training, I promise. It's going to be eye opening for you. But listen, if you're just joining jumping on and joining us, if somehow you don't know what's going on, we are opening up the doors to the inner circle again, applications go live tomorrow at 9am Central Standard Time, okay. 9am central standard time tomorrow. Those as we are going through the applications and vetting people and making sure that the right person, the right fit, it is first come first serve. If all the slots fill up, then that's what it is. It just is what it is. So if I were you, I would decide right now. Don't wait till tomorrow, decide right now that you are going to apply set an alarm on your phone for tomorrow morning. 9am Central Standard Time, the link will be posted right here in the Facebook group. We will also email it to you. If you're on our text list, we will text it to you. And that is it y'all like I've been saying all week long. You cannot be accepted if you do not apply. So if you want to disqualify yourself from you know, even being accepted, then don't apply. But if you believe that you're worth it, if you've been praying, if you've been asking God, Lord, give me wisdom on how to do this. Lord, send me a mentor, Lord, give me a coach. Lord, I wish I had the knowledge then guess what? It's right here. It's right here in front of you guys. It literally just comes down to do you believe you're worth it. I hope that you do y'all. Listen, I'm going to talk to y'all here for a few minutes before we end today's broadcast, but let me talk to you all here. I want to talk to you today about the law of advancement. In fact, I need about 12 people in the comments right now to write law of advancement. How many of y'all would like to advance in this season? Talk to me my people? Come on, lift your hands right now. Let me know in the comments. I want to advance any person here watching today. Would you like to advance in your songwriting? Would you like to advance in your artistry? Would you like to advance in your connections? Would you like to advance in your opportunities? Would you like to advance in your impact? Would you like to advanced in your influence? Would you like to advance in your income? Because guys, Adam carpenter and I are going to show you exactly how to advance today I want to talk to you about the law of advancement. Okay, so listen in nature, somebody say nature, in nature, before something can go up. It's got to go down to round bring me over here. Got my whiteboard here today. Okay, y'all know this, okay. Before something can go up. It first has to go down. Okay. Y'all know this. I mean, literally, if an airplane wants to take off, it's got to put its flaps down before it can go up. I mean, there's so many there's so many examples of this right? Even biblically right? Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord and then what happens? Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord and He will lift you up. Okay, so in nature in the Spirit, if you want to go up if you want to advance, you must first be willing to go down. Okay, so knowing this principle here, okay, let me talk to you all this afternoon this morning. whatever time it is you're watching let me talk to you all about a seed Okay. Seed and just help me out there room get in the shot there. Thank you. Let's call this thing right here a seed Okay. Before the seed can become a big powerful mighty oak tree. What needs to happen? Let me know in the comments what needs to happen to that to that seed before it can become an oak tree? Come on, let me know in the comments. What is the seed need to do before it goes and becomes an oak tree? Someone said go into the ground. Yes. Someone said

[639:39] Speaker 0: needs to die. Yes. needs to have roots. Yes. All of it. All of it. All of it. Keep telling me in the comments. What does it see need to do before it becomes an oak tree? Let me know in the comments right now. Yes to all of that. It needs to get watered, yes. natured, watered must be planted? Yes, yes, yes, yes to all of it. But let me tell you what it really needs to do. Yes, it needs to go into the ground. Yes, it needs to die. And so yes, it needs to all that it needs to do all that. But let me tell you the main thing that a seed needs to do, before it goes up and becomes a mighty oak tree already for this. US seed must be willing to stop being a seed. In order for the seed to become a tree, it can't be stuck being a seed any longer. It has to be willing to become all that God has called it to be. So in order for you to become all that God has called you to be, you've got to be willing to stop being who you have been up until this point, and become all that God has called you to be. Okay. God is calling I'm telling you right now, and I might even be prophesying this. But more than anything, I'm confirming this, I already know this. God has called you to shake stadiums. God has called you to impact a generation God has called you to impact and strengthen the body of Christ with the songs that he has given you. God has called you to shape culture through your songs. God has called you to change your family lineage by doing something in music that literally will generate royalties for generations to come. Anybody picking up what I'm putting down, drop some fire emojis in the comments if I'm talking to truth to somebody, put some fire emojis in the comments if God has spoken any of these things, so you put some fire emojis in the comments, if this has been the desire of your heart, and you know God is calling you to do this, if that's the case for you, y'all, then you cannot stay in seed form. You've got to be willing to become a tree. Okay? In order for a seed to become a mighty oak tree, it must be willing to cease to be a seed. All right. Now watch this. Let's say this seed was willing to stop being a seed go into the ground and become a mighty oak tree. Okay. Give me grace on my drawing skills here y'all. Okay, give me grace. Okay, let's see this seed went down. CeCe cease to be a seed, and said, Okay, I'm ready to become a tree. Okay. So it went down into the ground. God did a work in it. And now it went up and became this beautiful tree. Now let's say this tree was on a high up cliff. Okay. overlooking the city down here. Okay. Let's say this tree was here. And guess what? Mommy eagle and daddy Eagle are flying up here in the heights. And they go oh my god. Look at this beautiful tree right here. Is that a good Eagle voice? Is that a good Eagle voice? Let me know in the comments. If you like my Eagle voice. Mama Eagle goes, you know, honey, I do want to have some Eagle. It's with you. And he goes, Okay, how about this tree? It's way up high on this beautiful on this beautiful cliff overlooking way down there. It's overlooking the city. does this one look good? And she goes here that looks good. And he goes, Okay, let's go for it. And so all of a sudden now daddy Eagle makes us beautiful nest in the tree and they have all these little Eagle. It's these little dots right here. Those are Eagle IDs. Y'all give me some grace on my artistic abilities. Okay, now could you imagine these this daddy eagle and this mama Eagle mudroom right here for y'all okay. They're out there soaring every single day. I'm going to teach you a spiritual principle by teaching your children's story today. Daddy Eagle mama Eagle. They're out there soaring on the heights every single day. Nothing can stop them. The wind is blowing they are soaring way up high way above the city and they're going for all of a sudden the Eagles start going. Oh, mama,

[719:31] Speaker 0: I want to fly with you. Mama, would you, Mom and Dad, would you teach me to fuck could you imagine being an eagle up there going, I want to fly. I want to fly. I want to fly. And then mama All of a sudden goes not today. And then again, I want to fly. I want to fly. I want to fly dad, would you please teach me with that? And they go, he goes, not today. So Not today. Not today, honey. But all of a sudden one time he goes, Okay, Dad, would you teach me how to fly? Would you teach me to fly? Please, please, please come on down. We want to learn how to fly. And all of a sudden daddy ego goes Okay, tomorrow. Tomorrow, somebody in the comments. Say tomorrow. Tomorrow to Monroe. I love you tomorrow. He says tomorrow. I'm going to teach you how to fly. Okay, now come back in to this little story with me. Okay, so tomorrow finally comes. And there's dead Eagle. And he's up there just he just just soaring going for it. Right. Just killing it. Killing the flying game. Killing it. Baby Eagle goes okay, Dan, today's the day Today's the day goes absolutely son as today's the day let's go. And to all of a sudden, daddy Eagle. Puts baby eagle on his back. And his flying. And could you see baby? Like is that a good baby Eagle voice for you. That a good baby Eagle voice. This is amazing. Oh my gosh, we're flying. And then all of a sudden, all of a sudden, daddy Eagle goes up as high as he can. And then he does a full tilt like this. And he drops baby Eagle off of his back. And baby Eagle starts plummeting. And just falling, falling, falling, falling falling. And then right before baby Eagle hits the ground. Dead Eagle comes and he swoops and it gets him on his back. And baby was like, Dad, what are you doing? Oh my gosh, don't do it again. And he flies him all the way back up all the way back up. And he goes good job. Wasn't that great? And he's like, No, did that was terrible. And all the other siblings are like, how was it? How was it? How was it? How was it? And baby eagles? That was terrible. Whatever you do, don't get on dad's back. That was so scary. I never want to do it again. And they're like, what? You're kidding me? And he goes, Yeah, he dropped me off his back. And they're like, what? He dropped you there? And he's like, yeah, he dropped me. And so he gets back in the nest. Are y'all with me? I'm going somewhere with this. He gets back in the next and dad goes okay. Let's call her Hannah. Hannah. I'm taking you tomorrow. No, Dad, I don't want to go. He said his terrible was so scary. I don't want to do please no. And he goes, No, you're going tomorrow. So tomorrow come someone say tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, say tomorrow. Y'all are loving this because I love this. So the next day comes and daddy puts Hannah on his back or let's say mama puts hand on her back this day. And she goes okay, Hannah, let's go and Hannah's terrified mama don't want to do this pleases It's so scary. He said you're gonna drop me because he had don't worry about it. When she's up there, she just find she's going for it. She gets all the way up. She's soaring up high and as high as she can go. Hannah's terrified her anxieties beaten. Her chest is going crazy. And all of a sudden mama goes. And she dumps to the side boom. And she drops Hannah off at the end, and Hannah just losing it. She's going. She's fine. She keeps you don't know what's going on. Oh my gosh, it was true. She fought she dropped me my mom. And she's going and right at the last second right before she hits the ground. Mama comes. She swoops and she picks her up y'all like my children's story so far. She swoops down and she picks her up. Boom right on her back again and she keeps a picture of mama This is terrible. But here's what happens day after day after day after day mom and dad keep taking another one and another one and another one. And guess what? Every single day. When they drop them off. It gets a little easier and a little easier. And a little easier and a little easier. Until one day every single Eagle it Learns to Fly

[792:37] Speaker 0: let me ask you guys and gals a question how does the eagle it learn how to fly how does the eagle it learn how to fly? The eagle it learns how to fly by falling. Here is the problem y'all. Most of you Y'all who are on the fence about like, Man Should I apply or not? What if I fall, you're scared of falling. But listen, the way that you are going to learn to become all that God has called you to be. Remember, you have to go down before you can go up, okay, the seed had to go down. But before it could go up, the E gluts had to fall down before they could go up. If you want to go up in your songwriting, in your artistry, in learning how to do royalties impacting people, then you've got to be willing

[810:42] Speaker 0: to learn how to fall now, let me ask you a question. Okay, I'm going somewhere this I'm gonna wrap it up here

[813:42] Speaker 0: humans. Humans live in a nest, called the circle of sameness. Every single human lives in a mess called the circle of sameness. Now, let me ask you this question. Serious question. How many humans ever get to their full potential? In the height that God has called them? To go to? How many? I'll tell you, not nearly enough. Why? Because humans have a choice.

[827:59] Speaker 0: Now, let me ask you a different question. How many eagles learn how to fly? How many eagles learn how to fly? How many of them 100%. of eagles learn how to fly. Why? Because they don't have a choice. Many of you guys and gals are on the fence, man. Should I apply for this? Or not? What if What if I don't get accepted? Listen, it's not even about are you? Or are you not? It has to work or it has to work. The problem is, is that if you are too comfortable in the circle of sameness, here's what humans do. Once in a while, you might get inspired and try to jump out the nest. But the problem is you come down here and you grab the lowest hanging branch. It freaks you out and you just go right back in to your nest the circle of sameness and you never learn to fly.

[846:41] Speaker 0: But here's what I want to encourage y'all to do. Y'all need to get on Adam carpenters back. Y'all need to get on my back. Will there be some times maybe it's a little scary? Yes. But guess what, we are going to teach you how to fly.

[853:38] Speaker 0: Let me put this out there free. Okay. Remember what we've been talking about today. The law of advancement. Before something can go up, it's got to go down we learn this from the seed. The seed had a cease to be willing to be a seed in order to become this mighty oak tree that God called it. Before an eagle can learn how to fly the eagle has to fall. Okay, the eagle has to go down before it can go up. Can I tell y'all something? If you want your impact to go up, if you want to strengthen and encourage the body of Christ, you want that part of your life to go up. You want your opportunities to go up. You want to be able to stand on stages shake generations, impact stadiums, you want that part of your life to go up. Then it is foolish for you to not want to have your bank account temporarily go down. Because before you can go up you got to go down. Friends I'm telling you right now. Tomorrow morning 9am Central Standard Time. Right here live in the Facebook group. Applications are going to go live and you will only have a couple of days to get them and you'll only have until Monday morning. But like I've been telling y'all you want to get them in as soon as possible because it will be first come first serve as we are going through the application. And as we're checking to see who is applied or not, if we run out of spaces, then it's gone. If I were you, I would set an alarm in my phone, get it ready to go. And make sure that you are sending that application. And as soon as they go live, what do you need to do to apply number one, you need to be willing to get on mine and Adam carpenters back. Number two, you got to be willing to put in the work. That's the only two requirements you need in order to apply to the inner circle. Tomorrow morning, applications will go live. There is only a few spots available. Get in, don't doubt yourself, believe that you're worth it. Understand that if you want to go up if you want to become that oak tree, if you want to soar like the Eagles. I love what Kara said you're going to if you want to run with runners, then let's go. You've been praying for a coach, you've been praying for a mentor. You've been praying for wisdom. You've been praying for opportunity. You've been praying for a community, and it's literally right here in front of you. Why would you wait for something else to come along? I will tell y'all this. There's something that I've learned in life. I've learned this in business. I've learned this in ministry. I've learned this in my songwriting journey. It's this success loves speed. You could either be talking about one day or one day, I'm going to do this. One day, I'm going to do that. Maybe one day, it could be one day or today could be day one. Are you going to wait for one day or is today going to be day one. Ladies and gentlemen. I'm excited. Because tomorrow those applications go live. Thank you so much for joining us today. Come on. Let's clap it up for all of our guests today. Let's clap it up for Adam carpenter. Listen, guys, this is going to change some people's lives. And tomorrow it goes live. Okay. Don't miss it. Like I've been saying this whole time. If you don't apply, you cannot be accepted. Don't disqualify yourself by not applying. If you have any inkling in your heart that you want to do this. Just send the application and watch what God will do with the rest. Okay. Thank you so much for joining us guys. We will see you guys here tomorrow. Same time, same place be looking because those applications go live tomorrow morning. 9am Central Standard Time, and we're going to see a bunch of y'all I hope in the inner circle. Thanks for joining me today guys. Bless you. We'll see you tomorrow.

