LIVE Copywriting Re-write Day
Date: 2023-04-13T18:18:57.000Z
Duration: 86 min
Otter ID: nKAv6-JVKZvXwHZU1w4yYST2sGQ
---

[11:40] Speaker 0: All right

[14:23] Speaker 1: well, welcome in today Welcome this morning welcome welcome. Welcome to our live copywriting review and rewrite call today

[21:59] Speaker 1: so if you have copy to review

[23:57] Speaker 1: ads to review let me know about it

[26:48] Speaker 2: right.

[28:20] Speaker 1: Raise your hand if you want to go over something

[30:35] Speaker 3: Hi. Hi. I do I'm gonna get my link real quick. Okay. Find it out,

[32:47] Speaker 1: are they my going?

[33:29] Speaker 3: Great. I finished my two week event. My promise I have a bit bold promise is 12 signups I'm at five right now. And I'm going to do another event next week. My goal is to have 12 subscriptions every month. And I think I say I'll end the month with 12, new subscriptions. My price is $117 a month. This is for a faith based mentorship, which this is the sales page. I'm so proud of myself, Jeremiah, because I don't think it was really all that good. But I did it imperfectly. And I was like, I'm not going to be stopped. I'm not going to overthink it. I'm just going to put this out there. I think that we're

[44:12] Speaker 1: way more critical of ourselves and it being good enough. Yeah. You know, and so

[46:24] Speaker 3: I put it in the chat. I think one of my things I'm trying to kind of be cautious of is I like to give a lot of information. And I think I put too much information on this sale page for my academy. Yeah. But I can always scale it down.

[52:14] Speaker 0: Not a problem.

[52:40] Speaker 3: So it's in the chapter for your review. So

[53:12] Speaker 1: what am I looking at here? What What's this page for? So

[54:15] Speaker 3: this subscription, and it's called from Shane? Oops, I muted you. So this is a paid subscription, and courageous FAITH and PURPOSE Academy. All right, awesome. Great. This is an emotionally,

[61:02] Speaker 1: it encompasses what you're trying to sell. When you use virtual events. The cool thing is, is like I'll be I'll be I'll be honest, is like this page right here. This page right here,

[66:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: the sales copy could use some work, it can be updated, it can be improved, this page can be updated, it can be improved. virtual events are very forgiving for your actual offer page. Because really, you're selling the person on your offer in your event. And so that's why like I haven't gone back and updated this landing page copy. I'm an accelerator page since August, even though I need to get it still selling and converting, because I'm the one who's selling it to people. And so that's why I'm putting all this energy into like, it has to be perfect before I put it out there. Not that you have to but that anybody else who's watching this just encouraging us like, you know, I really think that the copy that matters the most, in my opinion is the free offer, because that determines who who you're going to attract in front of you. Your paid offer is a lot more can be a lot more forgiving. And so I like the feel of this

[86:12] Speaker 1: I would just add a space right here, paragraph break. You can try different. Yeah. No, I think like, I think like this right here reads well, okay, it speaks exactly to who you're working with. And as you mentioned, it's selling so that's good. Um, you know, it's funny as when it comes time for your event. I don't have this on my actual sales pages. Oh, okay. I have this on my

[95:24] Speaker 4: three offers. Yeah.

[96:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because by the time that they get the sales pitch, by the time they're even there, they're probably a good fit for it. And so I don't want to inject doubt that Oh, wow, I've gone through 12 days with a nice and maybe I'm not ready for it. Because of their own self inner critic. Yeah, see what I'm saying. And so this could actually, I would take this part off of sales page, the money collecting page, I would leave something like this on your free offer page. Okay, for instance,

[105:08] Speaker 3: here my witch training in the members area goes over like writing copy for sales pages.

[106:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a couple of them as far as they cover. Like the different aspects of it, but I'll show you like the ones that are going to be the best. Specifically, though, like the latest chat GPT stuff that we've been doing is in is in this one the chat, prompt Academy sales copy for sales letters and offers less than two. Okay. Um, but I also went into as far as like landing page structure, and particularly for like, opt in pages, the landing page blueprint. Yeah. lessons. One and two. Okay, keep your audience and then telling the story back to your prospect. This really explains a lot of the science behind it. It's less about writing the copy this way and more about why we write the copy that way.

[121:36] Speaker 3: Got it. Can you share your screen?

[122:30] Speaker 1: I apologize. That's okay.

[123:20] Speaker 3: Hey, I wanted to let you know I did watch your sales training. It was really good. And it really helps me thank you

[125:34] Speaker 1: the sale the selling for people who struggle to sell. I honestly think that this is probably one of the most valuable courses in the members area that that I think a lot of people might be avoiding because of the word sales. And it's it's probably one of the most valuable to people to to actually like, how do you actually close a pitch? How do you how do you sell in the right way and the right mindset behind selling and so that's awesome. I've heard that from a couple of people that have gone through it that they felt that way. So okay, as far as in the chat GPT prompt Academy because we've been using chat GPT for most of our sales letters now sales copy, or sales letters and offers lesson two. And then landing page blueprint lessons one and two, specifically, hooking your audience with a headline and then telling the story of your prospect back to them. That goes into that sales copy part of it. And you did a great job of that already up here. Below that below here is what I call in the landing page blueprint course the meat and potatoes portion of the page.

[144:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where it's like it's like what are you going to get and all of that and honestly like that that part is way more forgiving. As I think you've done a great job of what's written here. I think that this page itself I think it's great. I think that it's a it's well put together I would just remove that one part that I mentioned. Okay. But other than that, I think what you have going on here again, I would take this off.

[151:43] Speaker 3: Can you share your screen again on the sales page?

[152:23] Speaker 1: Yeah, sorry. That's because I've got two different windows open.

[153:19] Speaker 3: I totally get it okay,

[154:59] Speaker 1: this part is great. And that's what these two lessons the landing page blueprint cover. Okay. This part is what we call the meat and potatoes section. It's like the What are you gonna get what's all that looks really good. And then we have the same issue right here.

[159:12] Speaker 3: Yeah, where

[160:12] Speaker 1: Now here's here's where this might be getting redundant.

[161:21] Speaker 3: Okay, that's I was like not feeling too confident about that part.

[162:36] Speaker 1: Yeah, because you're sort of reiterating what you also have talked about up here, and what you've talked about up here. Okay, so you're like, you're kind of trying to say the same thing in three different places, just say it in one place. Okay. And so for instance, here's how you want to, you want to do this real quickly watch this, this is how I would do it, is I'm just gonna take these, I'm gonna go section one. I put it into like Little Big HTML brackets now, because it kind of makes it like a block. Yeah, section two is going to be

[173:53] Speaker 4: right here.

[175:39] Speaker 0: Section two, section three.

[178:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then I would remove this whole who it's for who it's not for, again, on your sales letter page, where you're asking for the money, the page where you're asking for the money, as where I remove those sorts of disqualifying statements. Okay, I tried to disqualify them when they are getting on my email list, because I just don't even want them to even go through the process with us. By the time they get on your sales letter where you're actually asking for hash, that person is more qualified, okay. So if I take this and I say,

[187:14] Speaker 1: combine the info in sections, one, two, and three, to create a super section that expresses all the same points, but does so in one section and

[191:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: have three separate, so I do this often, sometimes I will even create, if I have a transcript that's too long. For it to do and I paste a transcript in and I want to do it, I'll take I'll make, I'll take three segments of the transcript. Let's say the transcript is 1200 words long. Okay. 12,000 words long, I'll split it up into 3000 3000 3000, great, three separate sections, and then have it combine those together into a final and consolidate. So what this does is, let's see just kind of what this outputs

[200:11] Speaker 1: is. We're taking this the academy is designed to help individuals overcome fear, self doubt and uncertainty. Tools deepen the connection of faith. You'll experience personal transformation. Okay. By joining, you'll learn how to here we go.

[207:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Boldly, embrace live about your divine calling, transforming fear into faith, strengthen relationships, deepen your spiritual connection with God, develop tools for overcoming obstacles, and Restoring Courage experienced the joy of living.

[210:33] Speaker 1: And all of this is just coming from your language that you've already pulled in here. Yeah, that's good. And so it's it. This is right here. But now it's kind of it's, it's making it more concise and more more succinct. Yeah. And it's putting them into like one section to explain it. So that's something that I would do is I would just kind of consolidate if you notice, okay, like you said, you were intuitively sensing. I'm getting a little wordy with this. Let's bring it together, consolidate it and shrink it down. And I think that'll be more effective. But I mean, this page is as it's great. How it is, it's a whole nother section here. Yeah. Oh, these are the courses that they're gonna that's okay. Okay. I would try to maybe use a different color, maybe for these.

[222:58] Speaker 3: Can you toggle to the page, like, thank you.

[224:19] Speaker 1: Oh, I would use a different color for these. Okay, to distinguish that these are courses versus just topics?

[226:11] Speaker 3: Oh, okay. Good. Yeah. Thank you. And so,

[226:59] Speaker 1: and if you can even like little icons for those, and I got the little icons here. That's cool. Those are great. Okay, um, other than that, I think this is this is a great, great page. One thing this is cool with the JotForm we've had it you can use that, um, you could also just take them to a checkout page to after that. So

[234:16] Speaker 3: would that be on what where would I be on that like Job form checkout page?

[235:44] Speaker 1: Yeah, it just depends on how I guess job form creates great checkout forms that you can use the wherever you're like your membership is going to be housed like if you're using Thinkific or teachable or something like that, are you using any kind of platform like that to recording? So thank you, if it gives you links with people check out with those links, and they create subscriptions.

[242:54] Speaker 3: Oh, sweet. Okay, I'll do that. Now. I offered for the first 10 people for $97. And then it's for one year, and then it goes up to 117. And then everyone else, how would I do that in the Thinkific site? Or what I just go

[247:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: to change the link out, you just you just go because right now on this is for the first 10 I guess there's some logic where it probably is changing it for you. That's kind of the cool part about job form is automate some of that. With think if ik, you'd have to probably just swap the link out manually.

[251:51] Speaker 3: Okay, sweet. Awesome. Yeah, definitely. All right.

[253:46] Speaker 1: Thank you guys asking did you hire somebody to create this landing page?

[255:00] Speaker 3: I have someone I've been working with for years. In on through up works. He's great. Yeah.

[256:59] Speaker 1: Awesome. Well, if you're you don't have to if you're willing to share, if anybody has like trusted service providers, and they don't mind sharing with the group posts their their contact info in the group, too. Yeah. Everybody's looking for people that can help with landing pages and things like that. This is WordPress,

[261:50] Speaker 3: isn't it? No, that is actually Squarespace.

[262:51] Speaker 1: Oh, it is Squarespace. Okay, cool. Squarespace Can you can make it look just like WordPress. And I love I love it. You've you've done a really good job of making Squarespace look awesome.

[265:42] Speaker 3: Yeah. And I totally gave up because my WordPress site looks really prettier. But I wanted to go with

[267:29] Speaker 1: it flows. Well, it works well for your offers. This is great. Yeah.

[268:33] Speaker 3: I'm just all about the offer. I'm not even worried about anything else on that site.

[269:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. And listen, nobody, nobody else is either you're not you're not Apple Computer, you're not Tesla, you don't have people that are finding you through a PR. Yeah. You know, they're finding you through an ad or they're finding you because they looked up your name. But then it just you're linking to these different offers that you and that's the that's the purpose of our sites now is a portal that links to our offers again, in other industries. I've been meaning to say this too. And I've been saying this all week, on my live event, summit summit of you, in here, have experience from other industries than coaching, teaching and mentoring. And there's certain marketing advice that you've learned from those industries, that does not apply to this industry. And so when I say something that literally goes against every best practice that you've learned, in other industries, about marketing, it's because it's specifically in the coaching mentoring and online. In that space is it's a rule that applies in that space, versus the best practices for marketing software or hardware. If I'm marketing an iPhone, if I marketing a software product, even if I marketing a book is a little bit different than if I'm marketing a, a a coaching program. And so So what what I'm showing you and Denise has done a great job of this her landing pages, and she's been following me for a while is that it's based around what is most effective to translate somebody from they have no clue who you are on the internet, to joining your space, and then wanting to work with you to help mentor them. And so the type of marketing things that we tell you for your site, and for your landing pages and all that, that are the most effective strategies for mentoring and coaching.

[299:44] Speaker 3: And it's really simple to it's not complicated. And I think that's helped me I'm just very focused and I want there's other things I'd like to do but I'm not doing that. I'm only doing what I need to.

[302:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You also asked not just another recommendation like about copy there is also a copywriting Mastery Course. This goes more into the science behind copywriting in general.

[306:09] Speaker 0: And like

[306:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Think of it like that sales course or copywriting connecting with your prospects. It's not necessarily the structure of our landing pages, but it's about how do we craft certain sections of copy to be most effective.

[310:48] Speaker 1: There is a where is it there is a podcast that I did right here. Write better copy that converts and connects with paid clients. This episode was really powerful on the topic of writing copy and putting all those pieces together so the resources are in the members area. Like I said the the chat GPT lessons are more about how do we use chat GPT to get the best copy as quick as possible. I am I a lot of what we and I'm so excited about this. A lot of what we had to take hours of study and research to do. The outputs that I'm getting out of GPT, four are as good as five to seven hours of research used to be for me. So I'm not going to spend five to seven hours of research doing that, when I know that it's effective, to utilize technology to help save that much time, and I can focus on what I'm good at.

[327:35] Speaker 2: All right. Thank you, Dorothy. Hi, Hi, there. Hi. It's great to be live in a session because I've had about three weeks where I've really been wanting to come to the Mondays. And for one reason or another, I haven't been able to, but I'm just sort of sorting it out so that I can be here every Monday. So yeah, so I've got the beginning stages of the landing page offer page which go, John lean has just put up today. So we're still working on it. It's sort of early stages, but it'd be great for you to have a look at it. Okay, how can I take a look at it? Um, okay, so it's actually it is live? Obviously, we haven't you know, it's not finished. But you can just if you've put in love yoga dot coach, you should get should get it. All right. Great.

[348:22] Speaker 2: Sweet. So I used chat GPT. For this and sort of fiddled about with the information quite a bit. And then it goes on to talk about benefits. Just

[354:19] Speaker 1: just at a glance, this is this is great. You, you follow? You follow the system, because it's yeah, it's simple. It's concise. It Yeah, it takes the structure down. One thing that I would look for is maybe bolding certain words that you want to stand out. Yeah. And maybe splitting some of the paragraphs up a little bit more. This is written more in a in a traditional writing paragraph format, with sales copy splitting up the paragraph so that something stands out more is part of the structure of writing good sales copy is it might not follow the best practice of how you would write. But if you have a line that you want to stand out more to people, making it bolder, making it larger text is like I think I would go right here. Yeah. Okay.

[371:05] Speaker 1: Did you use GPT? four or three for this? Well, it

[372:08] Speaker 2: was actually I think this was just the normal GPT. So I need to sort it out so that I get the GPT for

[374:46] Speaker 0: one. Yeah.

[375:30] Speaker 1: Let's try something here. I'm just gonna go to by the way, I we updated the chat GPT prompts, Google Doc, it's categorized. So it's all put into categories for sales, copy, social media, advertising. So you can go find those different categories. So if we go to the sales copy category. Here's the document there. How can you find that document at a glance if you go into the members area, and you go to the chat GPT prompt Academy, it's the very first item on the list there. And always remember, you can click on these three bars here in any course that's in our members area to find additional lessons. Okay, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this one has been doing real good, this expert sales copywriter prompt

[392:12] Speaker 2: the course

[392:32] Speaker 1: that you've just done? Yes, it is. And it's in the document that you access right here. It's in the Google Doc. Okay, you can just click that Google Doc and it'll open up right here and you'll get all these different prompts. You can copy and paste. Yeah, so do different things. Okay. So let's just take this here real quick. And I'm going to since I have the open AI I do most of my copywriting now in this playground mode because it is more powerful and it gives me more length. But it's also very expensive to use. I probably spent up about $100 in credits in the last week, just by using this because I'm just I'm not limiting how long I use it. I'm just, I'm just going for as far as the length of stuff. That's why they limit you to only 25 messages over here every three hours. Because beyond that, it gets really pricey. Okay, so I take this right here. And now I'm going to take a prompt, this is generally my processes. I copy that, yeah, export sales letter prompt into the system here. If you're using chat, GBT, I would make it the very first prompt that you post. So I'm going to walk you through using both versions of this right now. And I go over this in the chat GBT course, but just if you watch this, there's really only a couple of steps that you have to do. So I'll paste this in right here. And then I will stop it from actually generating content, because I don't want it to generate anything yet. Then I will paste your content right here.

[422:19] Speaker 1: And now it's pulling up GPT 3.5. Let's see new chat. GPT four. Let's see if I can also throw her sales letter in there.

[426:27] Speaker 1: What's gonna let it do a little segment there. Okay. Now we're going to take the

[430:42] Speaker 2: I just type in it's the pain points, one. Let's start all the pain points. Right here, it's at the top of them. sales copy.

[438:01] Speaker 1: You'll notice as well, this one is a lot slower than this one. They're about the same speed right now. But so what we're doing is we're pulling out all these different pain points as well. Did you do this too?

[441:03] Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. So went through that. But it's brilliant. Because every time it sort of brings out more great stuff, you know? And then you kind of layer it? No,

[444:02] Speaker 1: yeah, I'll usually have it generate a few times and then tell it to combine it's like three or four outputs? Yeah. So then what I would do is I would take this prompt right here, the storytelling sales letter copy framework, after it's done generating these pain points, and all this and the headlines. I generally keep frequency below point four, otherwise it starts getting really funky. It's programmed to not repeat the same words verbatim. But when you're writing sales copy, you're gonna end up repeating the same words, so it ends up hurting it. But then I put presents way up, because it allows them to talk about new topics. You can't move those sliders in this version, I looked it up. Unfortunately, you can't. So that's why you're kind of stuck on whatever model they give you here. You have to apply to get access to the playground version. Yeah. Whereas you can just pay to get access to this one. Hopefully that changes in the in the near future.

[463:35] Speaker 2: That's the chat GPT plus, which is about

[464:25] Speaker 1: GBT plus and so you got GPT four in there. Yeah. Okay, so now let's go through and it's just I just let it generate I don't even really pay attention to what it's making.

[470:46] Speaker 1: What I'm looking for is to add a little bit more emotion right here.

[471:38] Speaker 2: Yeah.

[472:26] Speaker 1: A little more emotion into that segment. Okay, yeah. That's great that you got photos of yourself on here too.

[475:09] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. So really nice. So it might

[475:59] Speaker 1: be good though to also get some photos Oh, other people if you can't know. Yeah. Okay, this one is I'm gonna have it.

[478:23] Speaker 2: Yeah, cuz I was thinking of doing the thing that you're suggesting best in someone who work because this is actually geared towards As people, you know, I will for this particular one, I'm looking at people kind of who are 40s 50s 60s 70s, who are maybe just beginning to feel the different things that come up as you're aging, you know, a kind of pain point picture of someone who's maybe feeling aches and pains, and then someone who's feeling the benefit of having practiced yoga, down the page.

[486:25] Speaker 1: Have you ever experienced the aches and pains that they have?

[487:56] Speaker 2: Yeah, so I mean, that's something for me that, you know, because I'm in my late 40s, I do have to do my yoga practice every day. Otherwise, I start to feel the stiffness coming in. Whereas I didn't used to have that so much. So it's something very much I can relate to my own life. Yeah.

[493:38] Speaker 1: Here's another thing to to think about. When writing sales, copy, the sales copy on your sales letter might as not, as almost always not gonna sound like how you talk or how you sound as a person. Because the language that you use on your sales copy is more geared towards connecting emotionally with a with a group of people. It's not your sales letter is never meant to be. This used to be a soundbite thing to talk about, it's never meant to be an accurate representation of, of what you sound like as a person and how you communicate. And I think that that's a big mistake, I think people are trying to make it sound naturally to them. When a good sales letter is not going to sound how you would generally interact or talk with somebody. It's there's a structure to good sales copy that connects with people, the representation of what you're like is what they get when they see a video of you or what they get when they joined the session. Which is why using you know, the conversational informal tone, you're not trying to make it sound like how you would sound you want it to be to be able to very quickly connect with who you're wanting to work with. So we have a couple of lines of copy right here. Combine the above sales copy with this copy. Rewrite for a free three day.

[519:49] Speaker 1: So ultimately, you want to speak to it looks like you want to speak to are you tired of aches and pains you struggling with aches and pains, low energy that seemed to get worse as you age. I know what it's like I've been there too. And being able to identify and empathize with them feels like life is slipping through your fingers. And you're stuck dealing with these daily discomforts. That's exactly how I felt when I discovered the transformative power of this yoga. Now, I want to share it with you. You'll learn how to break free from those limitations, we can reclaim control of your mind. So you don't have to suffer in silence anymore. Ready to kick those aches and pains? And so that would go right here. Yeah, instead of like saying, if any of this resonates with you, I want to introduce you. Yeah. And you need to assume that it will resonate with them. Right. Yeah, we need to we need to assume that it will. And if it doesn't, they won't visit the page. And so I think this is good that validates you. This is great. I would adjust this segment right here to match more of this type of output right here. Yeah. That this is going to this is going to be a much better form of sales copy for that opening segment, and then split this out by certain paragraphs to where it might read like this.

[544:18] Speaker 1: Question bold this, yeah. Bold this. during these three days, I would actually make this VA larger headline right there. And then I would bring in this right here. And that'd be the top portion of your sales page. If I was writing your sales letter, that's how I would structure it. Yeah. And putting that at the top here. And now the rest of what you have is is is good. Yeah. Again, you'll notice if you if you've been on a few of the copywriting reviews that we do, I'm not going to give you too much input into these segments because I think you know that more than anybody else. One thing that you might do is you might say rewrite the following section in the same tone as the above, conversational, informal, persuasive. And habit rewrite this section. Here are some of the benefits of it. Yeah, wondering what's a special let me tell you about it, tune into your body and breath like never before, boost your flexibility, wave goodbye to tension and stress move more naturally and efficiently. So the idea is, is that we're, this is more of excited language.

[570:04] Speaker 2: Yeah, makes it more fun, and

[570:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: more fun. Yeah, you know, so right there, that improves those segments as well. What I what I love though, is like what you have here is what the kind of the important aspects of it art and then you have Chad GPT inject more of the creative writing aspect of how you express it, it's expressing the same thing, but it's, it's writing it in a in a more more creative tone like this. Okay.

[579:16] Speaker 1: So let me let me just, I'm going to email that to you as well. Okay, so you just have that Yeah, and that's again if you go back into the courses in the landing page blueprint in the copywriting mastery course in the chat GPT prompt Academy again, I teach the sales copy and the sales copywriting in a number of different lessons. I think landing page blueprint, the first two lessons of that are really worth going through if you haven't yet. All right, that's super helpful. Thank you. Awesome

[591:41] Speaker 1: All right. Jesse Janis.

[593:12] Speaker 0: Hey, hey, hey, how's it going?

[593:42] Speaker 1: Good. How are you?

[594:17] Speaker 0: Good. This has been a huge challenge to do but I'm excited because it's finally there. Well getting there I had so many okay, but it's not complete but i did i do feel the copy I just want your opinion on the copy there. I put it in the chat and again Jesse Janis if you want I can put it back in there

[604:52] Speaker 1: yeah, I'm not reading through the chat right now. Let me see. Let me grab it. Okay, here it

[605:51] Speaker 0: is. Oh, okay. Or I can put it in

[608:45] Speaker 0: so it's only half edited the landing page itself but the copy it took a long time to get the copy. I was actually shocked how long it took but I don't know if that was internal struggles or what? Whatever Yeah.

[615:12] Speaker 1: You don't need to be so hard on himself. He did great. Yeah. I for sure. I am.

[619:43] Speaker 1: One thing I would I would maybe make I wouldn't put the copy in a gray box. I would make it against a white background. Okay, the text. I would have. I would have some pictures in here to break this up. Okay. Okay. Um

[626:05] Speaker 0: is the bolding that I'm doing like I'm just doing it intuitively. Is that racking should I? Yeah. Okay.

[629:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, I would break up some of the some of the section I'm getting lost down here.

[630:28] Speaker 0: Yes, yep. That's the part I haven't that's the part I haven't edited yet.

[632:25] Speaker 1: I think as well, um you know, visiting this page is I'm having a hard time. So for instance, using like fonts like that and and with the text with like, certain letters larger and stuff like that. It's hard for people to read that. And there's also a lot of texts to read at the top here. That It, it's I'm definitely having a hard time connecting with what you're going for here.

[642:42] Speaker 0: Okay? So make it simpler. Cleaner

[646:51] Speaker 1: it's not, it's not specific enough.

[647:58] Speaker 0: Okay. And so

[649:14] Speaker 1: in your own words, and this isn't to be critical, harsher put you down, please. Sure. In your own words to me right now, just if we were talking, trying to open up a window to do this, because this will, this will help. How would you explain what you're doing here, who you're helping and how you're helping them?

[658:16] Speaker 0: Okay, so my goal is to help the mom who has it all on the outside, but inside feels unfulfilled. So that is my goal. That is who I'm trying to reach.

[663:35] Speaker 1: Do you identify as that?

[664:37] Speaker 0: Yes, absolutely.

[665:14] Speaker 1: Okay, so for the mom who has it all on the outside, but is. So here's, here's what you will find, though. The mom that that target customer will never describe themselves that way. Hmm. Um, as far as like I'm the mom who has it all. And I'm struggling because it automatically triggers defensiveness.

[673:09] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay.

[673:53] Speaker 1: So one thing that we want to be careful of is that our landing pages and triggered defensiveness and people to try to defend of like, is that like, like, that's not me. I'm not dealing with that. I'm better than that. You know? And, yes, okay. So that's a big aspect that I think in the beginning, when writing landing pages and copy that, that people struggle with is you end up sort of triggering a way the right people. Because they automatically when it comes to coaching, and when it comes to mentoring, there is and this is definitely something that.

[692:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Trying to find the words for it, because it's it's inside of me, but I've never taught this specifically. When you find a group of people that you want to help as a coach, we have to be careful that our language that we're using, doesn't trigger the person's inner critic to shut down and try to defend themselves against you and become adversarial. In the sales copy to where when they see the sales copy, now they feel like they want to debate fight or argue with you.

[702:56] Speaker 1: Instead, where the sales copy is more, this is an inviting place to where the person feels like wow, I finally found the one person in the world that sees and understands me and fully accepts me. So for instance, the idea of having radical self that self acceptance, I think before somebody is willing to learn about that, and they might already believe that they have a ton of self acceptance. Yeah, they have to know that you accept them how they are. Okay, that's it. So that's a big factor right there. Stop feeling like something's missing and start living a fulfilling life automatically. It's good. The thought that I think of is like, Who's this bitch and how does she know I'm missing something? No, that's true. You know? So that's what it ends up triggering is it's like this adversarial sort of who the hell does she think she is? Yeah, so. So reframing it around that and getting to know, to where, like, in fact, you sort of want to honor the fact that like, you're, you're a rock star, you're amazing, you get so much done. And yet you know that there's more that you can accomplish, and you're feeling burnt out and wishing that you, like start speaking to that. What I want to do though, is I want to pull this system into GPT, four and run it through some of the the, I want to run it through two of the frameworks that I have.

[732:09] Speaker 1: So that's the first side of just seeing landing page is, is making sure that you're like, you don't want your sales copy would be like, you are wrong, and I have the answer for you.

[736:14] Speaker 0: I definitely don't.

[737:02] Speaker 1: Because otherwise, but that's a tendency as a coach, because we see what people are doing wrong, that they could get better at. So

[739:37] Speaker 0: I need to Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I need to go back to you know, five years ago. Hmm. And feel that emotion of where I was at. And connect with that. Yeah, cuz you're, you're right, because I would be like, Who is that? You don't know me by?

[746:21] Speaker 1: Yeah. And so the five of us years ago, you What were you searching for? What was your deepest desire?

[749:19] Speaker 0: To be seeing, like, VCO who I really Yeah.

[750:30] Speaker 1: Okay, so that right there goes right into even what we were talking about, if the deepest desire of the person that we're wanting to reach is to be seen, and they don't feel like they're being seen. So that that'll be one of the first things is that just validating that you're there to see them? I see you. I see you I see what you've been through, I see what you've been going through. And however you would express that will allow you to kind of go into the end of the emotion of this now let me

[759:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you know, there's a couple people that I know that they then a niche for coaching you know, find your your purpose, feel more fulfillment, accomplished more all of that. But ultimately, we have to understand what are the what are the triggers the traumas, the fears, the worries, the the issues? If we're looking at in the Ultimate Sales Letter book, you know, what are the built in biases that they have for decision making, such as engineers being exceptionally analytical? What specific language do these women have? Who else is marketing in that market and successfully selling to them? Okay, who else has tried selling and failed? What do they secretly desire? What keeps them up at night? What are they

[774:06] Speaker 0: and so,

[774:36] Speaker 1: I think that that might be where what I want to do though, is I want to take this I'm running it through chat GPT here and I wanted to see what I can come out. So relief of knowing they're not alone in their struggles, hopeful and excited about making positive changes, empowered with the new knowledge, okay, achieve a deep sense of self acceptance and self love, gaining clarity. Now I'm gonna I'm gonna throw the epiphany bridge into it the main problem feeling unfulfilled and directionless, despite achieving societal markers of success. The solution is to help overcome the negative self talk, embracing self acceptance, discovering true passions, and finding lasting happiness. I remember the days when I struggled with feeling unfulfilled despite having everything that others perceived as successful. constant battle between what society expected of me and my own desires left me feeling lost, confused, and I'm happy I felt like and that's where I would inject I felt like nobody could really see the real me because I never let anybody in.

[791:11] Speaker 0: Okay, that's good. Okay. Well, that would be true. Hmm.

[793:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and so that's where I might even edit some of this and add that once it's done doing this. So this is like the this is the sort of Epiphany bridge that somebody goes through, and then we're gonna bring that right back into seeing how it might craft a sales letter. While sharing that type of story.

[800:04] Speaker 3: Okay

[801:24] Speaker 0: yay, this,

[801:57] Speaker 1: you got a lot of the emotion and you, I think you know how you want to help people, it's about how do we actually express it in a way that connects instead of turns people off puts them on the defense. Yeah, that's so good. And what I'm loving is that you're you're open to, to hearing, you know, what I'm sharing. As far as this type of feedback right here. versus you know, you're not getting, you're not getting defensive at the things that I'm saying to you. So that's really helpful.

[812:35] Speaker 0: That's lots of years of therapy. That's why I hired you, I hired you for that, like

[814:33] Speaker 1: tired of feeling unfulfilled. Okay, I know exactly how it feels. So I would start here for so long, I struggled with finding happiness was despite having everything society told me that I should want a high paying job, the picture perfect family, the Instagram worthy moments, but deep down inside

[818:57] Speaker 0: me, that makes me sad. Oh, my God, my story, something, I'll tell you something.

[820:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, just reading this, though, like, grabs me emotionally. And so this copy right here, what I'd say like you need to have the story in there is you tell your story, and they're staring at the same time. And it triggers that, in me, it's triggering an emotion. And so I can tell you that copy like this will trigger that emotion. And that's what you want to get to, I find that when I know my copies, right is it makes me sort of get choked up. When I know that the copy is really resonating, is when I get choked up with that. So like I actually love this first version right here that it wrote for that about struggling for so long spent countless nights. That's what I realized, wasn't about what I have it was discovering this. I want to invite you to talk about unlocking your potential and finding lasting fulfillment and happiness. And then what we want to do is I would take this and I would say, add into the sales copy above, and rewrite it in the same tone. The idea that the person we're speaking to wants to be seen, desires to be seen and feels unseen Are you tired of feeling unfulfilled and unseen?

[842:42] Speaker 1: Hmm. Even though you've achieved everything that everyone wants, do you spend your days longing to be truly seen and acknowledged for who you are? Rather than just the image you project into the world? Yeah, so that right here is able to get you a lot closer, I think to the emotion that we're looking for in the copy and a lot closer to the to the to the actual message of who's going to resonate and who's really going to to look for this. So going into that and kind of sharing that right here. And then I like this right here. I actually like what you wrote here. I would put it after this segment that we just didn't chat. Oops, let me pull it up on the page. Yeah, thank you.

[855:28] Speaker 1: Um this section right here okay, like that to come after that initial story section.

[858:57] Speaker 0: Okay, so the story is random. Okay.

[859:52] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's the idea is you want this it's it's a hook. Wow. Is it grabs them too, so let's take this

[863:52] Speaker 1: let's take these two.

[878:52] Speaker 1: What I would do is I would piece together a few of the like the language Have a few of these? Does it ever feel like you're just going through the motions in life even though everything on paper looks perfect? Do you wish people could finally see and appreciate the real you instead of the image society expects, I've been there. And I know the feeling of feeling unfulfilled despite how that's a tickling, it's just checking all the success. And then you could say, you know, listen, I know, I know, you I was you on the out, you're a successful person, but on the outside.

[891:51] Speaker 1: So like, I would put that right here, sort of above the call to action? Because this section right here, I know you I was you. Okay. So just taking like a few of these, these are, you kind of got three different variations and sort of the same thing. I'll email that over to you and send that to you as well. And I think that that's going to help, as far as express this as well, you know, I see the rest of the landing page, let's clean that up a little bit, what it looks like is, we're, we're going really deep into a lot of your, your there's a lot of stuff here that's really relevant to you that I don't think is necessarily relevant to them. Okay.

[906:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you really want to make it about them. Unless you have a little segment, I would have one strategic section, that's just two paragraphs. That's like, your bio, what you've been through and all that that talks about some of that.

[909:55] Speaker 0: And where would you put the bio? In terms of the page,

[910:49] Speaker 1: I would put it underneath that. That's that story section. Okay. Like you take that copy that we wrote, you put the bio there and then underneath that, you can kind of go over the this is the webinars for you. With this, you're going to learn everything from here on down is pretty good.

[916:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, from the you know, if this sounds like you, you're in the right place. Everything from here on down is good. I would just like organize that a little bit. Yeah, that's all great. This is where it's getting a little muddied up. Okay, so kind of clean that up a little bit of how you share your story, make that be in just one paragraph. But really make it more about them and add in some of this new copy that we that we've just generated.

[922:58] Speaker 0: Perfect. All right. Awesome. Thank you so very much. Do you have my email? Like I don't know even? Yes, I do. Awesome, but it might be under my Jessie ecig is my like, legal name, but

[928:20] Speaker 1: I'll just set it to whatever email you sign up with. Perfect. So all right, Elizabeth, Elizabeth wells.

[930:39] Speaker 0: Thank you so much.

[931:06] Speaker 1: Yeah, thanks, Jason.

[931:33] Speaker 5: Hey, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. I'm so great. I just learned so much.

[933:19] Speaker 1: Those are really valuable. As far as like, they're there. They're so focused on the sales copy, that you get way more strategic, I think, than just like some of the courses are. And so they're, they're really valuable. But even the

[936:57] Speaker 5: courses listening to late last night, you know, they're just, I feel like I'm just soaking in and the repetition, it's just supportive. Anyway, it's like what I've needed for so many years. So two things. One is a simple request. And one's a question. I was looking for the Monday session. I don't think it's up in the members group yet, because I have asked you a question about writing benefits up based on testimonials and how to find the universal the pattern recognition. So my simple request is, if there's a place in the Google doc to eventually write in some prompts for how to find your benefits, when I just just throwing it out there. Otherwise, I'm gonna go back to what you told me when I can find the Monday. The Monday. Yeah, warning that you did. So that's just one little

[950:42] Speaker 1: thing. I'll be adding some of that in there. One that we found that's really powerful. We came up with this week on the live training was coming up with the outcome that they're going to experience. Right, exactly, to generate that outcome. And so yeah, I'll be adding that to to there. I'm probably not going to do like a whole course on that, but I might cover it on one of our Monday trainings, but it is really powerful. What I what I'm thinking I might do is I might just take that one session where I went over that and and put that as a bonus to the chat GBT course, because what it's doing is it it took like three or four times asking chat GBT to do it. Because it didn't want to.

[961:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I mean is, it's like, it's only taking this, but I had to sort of convince the AI. Like, it's okay for you to project a future idea that doesn't exist yet. Oh, wow. So that was the part that it resists is trying to actually create

[965:58] Speaker 0: an idea. I mean, that can

[966:29] Speaker 5: prompt projected future ideas is an existent, I mean, so the wording to get the right the prompt, like if you just need to, of course, if you put it in the Google Docs, some of the prompts are in there. It's just great. So my other question is, I had done a really super simple landing page, really simple, because I'm not doing three day events, I want to do one hour talks. And I had the story. And I could put it in to show you, I had a little story, I had the possibility I had the outcome. Then I had somebody designed the page for me. And they did a really great, great job design redesigning it. And they just kept just the outcome here, I put it in. And I thought when you're doing a really simple landing page, I'll put it up with the copy in it. When you're doing a simple, simple landing page. That's real simple. Do you need to put sometimes the whole thing here, I just put it, I broke it up for you, you'll see what I did. So I had my original landing page had like the story, the possibility, the outcome. And then when they redesigned it, they did a beautiful job redesigning it, but they just had the outcome. And I think what they did works, like I said, a lot trying to get people to a three or five day event.

[988:24] Speaker 1: Well, I think taking this that we have here, uh huh. And again, running it through a few of those prompts, like we just did for Jesse would be helpful. Okay.

[992:35] Speaker 5: And like I said, it's a short page, because I'm, you know, once done, I'll be rinsing and repeating with about five different webinars I have spanning the topics I'll cover eventually in a long program.

[996:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, just talking about the outcome. I've not seen that work very well. Okay. Um, we tried that a few times. With a couple of offers, you definitely need to have some certain storytelling aspects in there that really speak to the struggle that the person has.

[1002:14] Speaker 5: Yeah, I could find I'm going to find the copy of what I what they did and how it looked. I put it on extra I put it in the main group, there's Oh, yeah. Yeah. So that's what they redesigned, which is really good. And mine, mine. It looks great. That doesn't look so great. But that's had all the copy. And they took out the first part,

[1007:40] Speaker 1: I think, yeah, I think you just have to have one other part in between here. And then maybe another photograph, and I can give you some some text for that as well. They might not realize it's okay, for the text to wrap around the image. Okay, too. So kind of like, how we have on our pages, the text on this page. It wraps around the image right here how it kind of comes around here. Yeah, yeah. So that's okay to have where the text kind of comes around the image.

[1017:38] Speaker 5: Yeah, cause to put another small paragraph in with the story and possibility. Okay. And the cleaner looking version?

[1020:52] Speaker 1: Yeah, let me do this, then we'll do what's what's interesting is as these these prompts that we're running right now, yeah, are essentially it's the exact same, the exact same prompts that we had in Jasper but I'm able to just do it as one segment. So it's the same part of the recipe that we would run before, I just had to split it up into two separate ones. I think I'm gonna like those like the three or four that we're going over right now. I need to organize them just at the top as like a step 1234 and five for sales copy. And then the rest are sort of supporting because you notice we're using like only four prompts to come up with 90% of the sales copy that we're writing. So I'm using this one and then I throw in the epiphany bridge

[1038:00] Speaker 4: main struggles struggling

[1038:16] Speaker 1: to be consistent achieving weight loss healthy relationship with food. I used to be trapped in a bit It's a cycle of yo yo dieting feeling like unhealthy struggle is just not what losing weight it seeps into every aspect of my life affecting my mental health self esteem.

[1043:27] Speaker 0: Okay, okay. So now

[1048:07] Speaker 5: take this word here. I mean it looks like it's creating a much, much longer sales page than I was intending. It's

[1050:04] Speaker 1: no, I start with a ton of copy, and then I edit down. Okay. Yeah, none of this is actually for the sales page. This is just training data. Got it? So what I do is I have it generate and maybe that might be an unlock for for you is, what I like to do is I like to have the chat GBT generate a lot of data and then shrink it down to the lowest like, simplest way to describe that massive idea. Yeah,

[1057:29] Speaker 5: exactly. I've done that. And I'm still spending even me to shrink it down is it's just so long. All right. I'm trying to do that with you know the outcomes and benefits of like all the testimonials I have.

[1061:17] Speaker 1: Okay, so what you set for the copy was story title yo yo dieting, beating yourself up waking up with a sugar hangover. Imagine looking at yourself in the mirror. Say goodbye okay.

[1068:18] Speaker 1: Okay, so here is where I'm going actually going to delete that. I'm gonna delete your original one up there. And we're gonna see what it can come up with.

[1071:38] Speaker 5: And this is not a sales letter. It's a landing page for the

[1073:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, sure the opt in. Okay. Are you tired of feeling powerless around food?

[1074:29] Speaker 5: Oh, that's a good word. That's a good word. Yeah, I love that.

[1075:37] Speaker 1: Are you struggling with the constant feelings of failure? Like you're trapped in an endless cycle of eating unhealthy foods. You just can't seem to break free from its grip. Mm hmm. I struggled to find balance between my love for foods the desire to lose weight. That's funny. It reads well though and it can it describe it so this is kind of more what we're looking for. Is

[1081:29] Speaker 5: oh my god, it's funny.

[1082:49] Speaker 1: I'm gonna have it sick and tired of the diet roller coaster hop off and discover lasting. Oh, this you know that sinking feeling that yet another diet fails. leave you wondering if it'll ever work. I spent countless nights worrying about my health hating the reflection looking back at me. So that right there is even speaking to a lot of their story there. When we talk about their story. It's their it's their experience. You're repeating. Yeah.

[1090:08] Speaker 5: And I travel. Yeah, sorry.

[1091:13] Speaker 1: To their experience back, I'd probably change

[1091:41] Speaker 5: that a little bit to spend. This isn't decades ago, I'd spent you know, countless nights beating myself up. You know, that I? Yeah.

[1094:14] Speaker 1: So even right, right there taking a little bit of this. You know, do you feel powerless around food? You know, for years I struggled. I would spend countless nights beating myself up. And then I discovered a how to how to reach. Now you want to be careful putting like weight loss goals on the

[1100:08] Speaker 5: page? Yeah, no, no, I discovered how to how to maintain healthy blood sugar balance. Yeah, that's, that's different. I don't promise. This is not about promising Wait, like, Oh, if you can send this to me, by the way. Well, that's incredible. Thank you. It just,

[1104:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's sort of the magic of like the GPT for engine really does a great job. GPT four versus the free one really does a great job of pulling that language out that that's gonna connect better for sales copy.

[1107:55] Speaker 5: Yeah. I mean, I've sent myself a task because I decided you said something last night on what I was listening to and you said, you know, you've got to think of your free offers as marketing copy. I have five that I've done and are ready to go PDS webinars. And I can give them away I feel confident in giving them but it's now getting sort of the infrastructure of how the sales page and not the sales the landing page because what I want to do is just get more people to my mailing list for like a longer three months offer that I'm building up to. So yeah, this is great. Great,

[1118:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you. So again, a lot of what I just kind of went over I cover in depth in the The Chat GBT prompt Academy course a lot of it is the landing page blueprint course, this for anybody who's watching the recording as well. I cover it in the in the copywriting mastery course if you want to know more about this why we write copy a certain way again, there's two yeah, there's really two factors, what you just said is your your free offer is it's a piece of marketing, anything that is less than $97. Really anything that's less than, less than $97. And free is still falls in that category. Anything that's less than $97, its entire purpose is as a form of marketing and trust building, with your segment of your market. It's not to bring this massive life transformation to people. And I think that that's sort of the shift in thinking is that we're inviting people into the life. Now, that's not to say that you're not going to bring life transformation to people in what you offer for free. But it's not the first priority of it. The first priority is exposure, building trust in your system, and getting people at least started on the journey with you. And then they continue the journey when they when they join as a paid client.

[1139:49] Speaker 5: I've, I've let this is so good to hear. I've kept my expectations very low. I'm very excited because I love teaching and all that. But I'm offering only three things. But one is like just they're so small. And once it's an invitation to get on the list for the three month program, you know, I'm not doing a big sales pitch on it. I just want them. So I'm really excited about this. Awesome. That's great for me to do sales accepted a little little ways so that I can feel more about communicating what I do and the benefits. So

[1148:49] Speaker 1: have you checked out that the selling for people who struggle to sell

[1149:44] Speaker 5: or reading it? I'm almost towards the school? Yeah, chapter 11 or 12? Yeah, yeah.

[1151:25] Speaker 1: I don't think that there's I don't think that there's 12 chapters in that book. The, towards the end in the members area.

[1153:40] Speaker 0: What about the members area?

[1154:00] Speaker 1: The course the struggling to sell this one?

[1154:56] Speaker 5: I thought I thought I got to that, but maybe I didn't. But I did. I'm reading the book. Actually, I'm not Oh, I'm sorry. I'm reading the book The Way of the wolf or something. Okay, cool. That's what I meant chapter 12.

[1157:54] Speaker 1: So and I come and take it and I sort of build upon his lessons and sort of reframe it around the what we do with coaches. So this is sort of my principles for selling like what are the words you say, persuasion, things like that. And so I sort of take think of this book as like, this is like the starting place, and then I kind of build upon it that fits more of what we do better.

[1164:58] Speaker 5: I'm finishing the book this week, then I'll jump in. Great, thanks,

[1165:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: great book. It really is. I'm, I'm just I'm surprised by how good the book is. Because like, honestly, I'm not a big fan of like, I would not say that. He's a role model for how I want to live my life. But like the book itself is is incredible. The words that are in here are so valuable. And so

[1171:36] Speaker 1: I'm like I definitely probably wouldn't like live my whole life the way that he does. I don't agree with a lot of the stuff that he says there. But when it comes to the content, and here, it's it's it's onpoint it's on fire. It's it's directly I think what people need, so

[1175:20] Speaker 5: yeah, how he says it. It's one thing but the purity of what he's saying if you could dissect it is really

[1176:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, totally, totally. Yeah, you get it. It's awesome. All right. Last person here, Kim, right. Hello, hello.

[1179:24] Speaker 4: Okay, so I have read done all my copy. And I just kind of obviously, I want you to take a look at it. I put it in the chat, the link. I basically I made it sound more like I'm talking instead of very sterile is what it kind of started to feel like when I would read it just wasn't like it

[1185:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: was coming from me. By the way, that's a methodology that I use now for writing sales letters as I dictate it into my phone, transcribe it, and then I just have chat GPT sort of clean it up. So it reads better.

[1188:33] Speaker 4: That's exactly what

[1188:47] Speaker 1: I did. Yeah, that's once you understand

[1189:48] Speaker 4: what, when I'm reading my words, it still feels weird, because like that's not professional, but it's like, but that's me. Yeah, totally.

[1191:38] Speaker 1: Well, yeah, and sales letter copy is not going to be professional quote, unquote. So this this is the last part of the URL. What's your domain name?

[1194:27] Speaker 4: Oh, I'm sorry. Flip my life one eighty.com.

[1197:36] Speaker 1: I liked the graphic.

[1198:26] Speaker 4: That's actually the old one. I'll be updating it with my new launch, but I'll probably be keeping it pretty similar.

[1201:06] Speaker 1: This is great.

[1201:52] Speaker 4: That makes me feel really good.

[1202:22] Speaker 1: Yeah, no, this is awesome

[1205:20] Speaker 4: I'll be updating those pictures. I want to definitely put some more character in those

[1208:34] Speaker 0: okay

[1209:31] Speaker 1: you know something I am noticing you got way too many Y's lined up here.

[1210:58] Speaker 4: Oh yeah, okay, too many us. Oh yeah, I didn't even notice that before. Yeah,

[1212:30] Speaker 1: so So okay, sometimes if your sentences all start with the same letter that can throw people off a little bit. So we try to mix up kind of the words that we start our sentences with when writing sales copy.

[1216:58] Speaker 4: So here's where I would start the

[1218:16] Speaker 1: sentence bolding. I'm Kim, right? And then put the rest as unbolted after your name. Okay, when I was scrolling just initially, I kind of was like, Okay, who is this person? And I actually couldn't I didn't notice that. You mentioned it right here. Okay, so let's, let's see.

[1228:17] Speaker 1: This button, I think we need to get rid of this button. Okay. Yeah. You know, what's funny is, as for those of you, you're like, What does he look at? When I look at a page, you want to know what I'm doing is I'm sort of like, intuitively like trying to get a feel for how a random stranger would view it. And then I filter it through like what I know, my knowledge, but most of it is just instinctual, and intuitive and intuitive. And so yeah, I would get rid of this button. When I look at a page like this, I'm like, Okay, so a few things. Don't feel right. This feels great. So you got me on this part. So this feels great. But it starts to break down around here. And so I think it's this button. I think it's also you got like three different fonts going on right here how you got this capitalized text right here. And then this is right there. I wouldn't capitalize this, I would just make it normal text and bolded. Okay. Okay. And I would also make this a separate paragraph, a paragraph break right here. Okay, the line break.

[1249:35] Speaker 1: And then I would make this a headline that there's like larger text right there. Okay. So that so that'll make this flow a little bit better.

[1255:05] Speaker 1: Let's take this line off, as well. Okay, these three sort of cover what this line is implying. So this is Gotcha. Okay, I would get rid of this line. I would bold this. I've been there. But the text is great. Actually, what you have written here is is incredible. It's now it's more the bolding and the fonts a little bit,

[1263:07] Speaker 4: the appearance of everything. Yeah,

[1263:43] Speaker 1: it's the Yeah, it's the it's the formatting is what it's called. You know, there's a prompt that we actually found that one of my friends, Steven Robbins found it in chat GPT check this out. Act as if you are an expert sales letter copywriter and internet CMO, he this is what he had to do. And make recommendations for the best formatting, bolding, italics, and underlining for the following sales Matthew. Oh, that's awesome. And it actually goes through and it sort of marks the areas in the segments that it would recommend that you bold, italicize, and how you would put it together.

[1279:04] Speaker 4: So it doesn't change anything. It says it just

[1280:04] Speaker 1: reformat it? Yeah, it just kind of shows you the parts to italicize and things like that.

[1281:34] Speaker 3: Oh, that's cool. Yeah.

[1282:30] Speaker 1: And some of the parts that it's italicizing I might bold them instead. Yeah. The paycheck to paycheck. financial future generational wealth. And yeah, I think making these bullets is going to be more effective for you. Okay, like making it an actual bullet, instead of it being the like, the little like

[1287:19] Speaker 4: the Yeah, the dash kind of disappears that,

[1287:54] Speaker 1: yeah, have it kind of be indented in with the bullets.

[1288:42] Speaker 3: Yeah.

[1289:22] Speaker 1: Let's see, though. Let's do this ready to go. I've cracked the code for successful house. So this is recommending that you make this be your building segment. Okay, easy to follow, make that stand out.

[1295:25] Speaker 1: Oh, it's pulling this in there, because it's your button. That's why. Okay. So that's why that's doing that. I would go back to what I had mentioned about bolding that segment right there. So but yeah, it's a pretty cool prompt where it can kind of recommend some of the places that you hire, and you did some of them I would just go in and make a few of those tweaks that I mentioned at the top here. Go back to reporting luckily, we have the will have the recording of this. This is great. This is all good. This read well. Here's one thing though, that I did right here in this segment right here, take this copy and I'm gonna paste that right here. And then I'm going to take this segment this is how we wrote a couple of our sales letters I take this segment and I'm going to say rewrite the following in the tone and context of the above before this training, you might feel confused overwhelmed and lost in your quest to build personal or generational well that up with the endless hours of research. tired of seeing your income stay where you've while you've tried all sorts of things to make money

[1319:10] Speaker 3: so

[1319:29] Speaker 1: okay, it actually is pretty much what you wrote here. Interesting. I wonder if it's pulling the weird The other question that I had in the formatting Yeah, it looks like it's trying to format it. So we pulled us into a new one

[1325:46] Speaker 1: rewrite the following Hello.

[1332:15] Speaker 1: Before this you might feel okay puzzled, swamped and directionless, and your pursuit of personal wealth, exhausted by countless hours and research bombarded by information overload frustrated with stagnant income, trying various money making strategies. After the verge of this, you experienced a surge of competence feeling empowered li with a solid step by step action plan. So I think that that also sounds more like how you were talking above. And so just tweaking and adjusting even some of this, okay.

[1344:01] Speaker 0: works out well.

[1346:21] Speaker 1: See how it would work, let's see how it would maybe reword a few of these segments. How to successfully flip your first house without breaking the bank and still making a substantial profit, straightforward and enjoyable approach to flipping your initial property, the psychological aspects of investing ways to sidestep most frequent rookie errors. And so that's just bringing a little more more tone into some of those. You can borrow from a few of these as well, to improve a couple of those. So that's something that I've been doing is I've been I've been having it just improve upon what I wrote based off of the context and tone of the whole sales letter, and that's been helping a lot as well. Awesome. All right.

[1360:13] Speaker 4: Thank you so much. Now

[1360:39] Speaker 1: a few of those tweaks will be super helpful for you. I'll send you over just a couple of this that we outputted.

[1362:41] Speaker 4: Alright, everybody. Thank you. Thanks

[1363:56] Speaker 1: for Thanks for being on here. I'm going to log off now again, if you have any questions about your sales letters or things like that, be sure to post them in the group. Throughout the month I will be reviewing over the course of the next week. The ones that are posted in the group. i Right now I'm super focused on actually getting our our five day event done. So that's where a lot of my focus is right now. So, but see everybody on Monday as well. I'll see everybody tonight on the VIP q&a. I tried to stream the VIP q&a into the group last night and it wouldn't let me so for whatever reason, or yesterday, but hopefully we can do it today. All right. See y'all. Bye

