2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-08-22T19:42:40.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: Ac1Cv4gqxCdsM80n2uf3PSSJeoQ
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[2:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's go live in the Facebook invite copy invite link and actually I'm going to do it through restrain we're gonna go through restrain right here

[7:50] Speaker 0: log in

[12:47] Speaker 0: Connect to OBS, why don't we go? Right? Yeah. Free Tuesday Bonus Session right now

[22:29] Speaker 0: all right. There we go. We got it. We got it going. We are live live on the interwebs. Haha. We got the stream going.

[28:00] Speaker 1: Oops, looks like the stream says Saturday Bonus Session because I pressed the wrong button. But that's okay. I'll go in and change it. Tuesday. What's up everybody?

[31:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome into our bonus. q&a here. I'm excited those that are on here. Well, we got a lot a lot a lot of people on here today. This is great. A lot of people we didn't I didn't see in the VIP, which is cool. So this is a great opportunity for you spent the last week with us going through the five day intensive. I see a couple of names here that I saw in the comments and people that I know, got tremendous value out of it, I hope you got a lot of value out of it. This is where you can ask me questions. You can get any help with anything in your business. If you have questions about the accelerator, which our enrollment is open until tonight at midnight, and then we are closing it for the foreseeable future. And so whatever that is, wherever you're at, you can either post it in the chat, ask questions, this is kind of an open floor right here. And I'll encourage you don't be shy. Don't be scared, I don't bite. My goal is you know, I'll tell you this on sessions like this. My goal is I want to make you feel really good about being here. And so this is just us kind of hanging out. That's how I want to treat it. Okay, so if you got a question, raise your hand. And we'll take your question, who's gonna be our first one.

[53:36] Speaker 0: Here Today is our first. First question is the first first person

[56:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Diana, what's up, Diana? How are you? Have you unmute your camera here?

[58:59] Speaker 0: Yes, I'm muting. I have been playing around with the chat GPT plus. Yeah. And I wanted to know about the the beta teachers that you want us to turn on? Do should I also do the plugin one as well or just or just the other one that you suggested? Plugins is

[65:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting because there's like 1000s of plugins that you can you can plug in and use and so that can get a little confusing as far as using the plugins go which one should you use? I use one called Vox script sometimes that I like you could turn it on, it's not gonna hurt anything. It'll just give you some different features. But I prefer the code interpreter mode. That's the one that I tell everybody to use. The reason why is the normal mode if you got chat GPT plus.

[74:12] Speaker 1: The normal mode is just this like default with a little stars. And I would not recommend anybody use GPT 3.5 at all for anything. The quality of the outputs are just not accurate. They're not even worth half of their salt. They've actually made it just worse and worse and worse and so GPT for the pay diversion with GPT plus what you want to use, but you want to go in under here under settings in beta, and turn on code interpreter.

[82:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: It gives you twice the length of text to be able to use. So for instance, I did a test yesterday, where I was not in code interpreter mode, and I was in the default mode. And it said, your prompt is too long to process. And I was like, Oh, wait, I'm not in code interpreter mode. So I switched as a code interpreter and it was fine. And it let it do it. So it lets you here's the benefit to it as you start asking questions of chat GPT.

[90:13] Speaker 0: It's going to read

[91:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: the the text that's above it. And so as we went over, like all the text that's above our text right here, it's reading all of this text, and it looks backwards at what it previously generated, and considers it in its outputs. Code interpreter gives it a much longer look back amount of of text that can, it can basically store in its memory. And this is the greatest limitation of AI right now is the memory on these things is so small, the amount of information that it can store is very small per prompt. And so code interpreter basically doubles its lookback memory, which in turn if you're following our process is going to give you way higher quality outputs overall to be using code interpreter with that double memory like

[106:30] Speaker 0: Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Perfect. I was just curious as to whether or not I should do it. And I think I'll hold off on the other one for right now.

[109:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I mean, plugins is something you can play around with. They got a plug in it links to Zapier, you could literally ask it to do stuff in Zapier and chat JpT will do stuff and other apps that you've authorized it in, which is kind of interesting. There's a lot of different ways to do that. I don't utilize the plugins almost ever, except for one that I liked. It's called Vox scripts, which lets me copy and paste YouTube links into it and it'll transcribe the whole YouTube. Like that just saves me a step from having to copy it from YouTube to be able to do that, but yeah, okay. Yep. Plugins are created by other people. Right. And so that's why it's like, there's not really a not many of them are that good? Anyways? Yeah. Okay. Thank

[122:46] Speaker 0: you.

[123:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Awesome. All right. Let's see. Anybody else want to raise your hand ask some questions. Hello from San Antonio. Thanks for sharing. I have the paid version, but have not made any changes in chat CPT. Okay. Ne Ne nyheim. And I am Cohen. Sorry, I'm butchering your name. Apologize. Their name Cohen. Something. I think that's how it is the I'm, it's nice. Nice. How are you? Just taking full as well? How are yours? Good. You're muted. Yeah. That's, that's unmute yourself.

[135:58] Speaker 0: Yeah. My question was, does that feature that you just mentioned the sole interpretation and better pay feature?

[138:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Isn't it a paid feature? Yes, the code interpreter is a paid feature. And using GPT. Four is also a paid feature of Chad GPT. Plus. Yeah, just the quality of I've been using AI for almost two years. It's just not even worth using the free version. So you recommend definitely jumping on? Yeah, the paid version is the only thing that I would recommend. So yeah. Yes. All right. Audrey says she got some questions about the accelerator. What's up Audrey?

[149:10] Speaker 2: Basically, that's how the program works is that where we more or less fie. The video programs kind of like what we do, I kind of opt in to everything you offer. And so basically, we kind of learn and learn from the video type platform that you usually teach from. And then if that's the case, then how often do we meet with you and how does that work?

[154:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so we meet once a week live on Zoom for about an hour and a half to two hours to go over questions very similar to a format like this. The questions are really I mean, we had some amazing questions this past week. Our community is just incredible as far as As the questions that are asking, and a lot of people are having a lot of growth, we're hearing multiple people starting to have like multiple, six figures of success through what we're doing. So the feedback comes from the questions and answer time and the support time that we have every Monday, we also have a bonus time where we do specifically focused on sales, copywriting and advertising copy. And we do that once a month on a call. But then throughout the week, as well, and this is I, I need to like explain the value of this. So there's a Facebook group that everybody's in, and you can post in the group, any questions you have throughout the week, related to your business, what you're dealing with what you're going through. And we have people I mean, you can even post anonymously in there, it'll hide your your name, if you want to share something that's really personal. We had, we had one lady. And she's gone on to have a lot of success. But she used that feature to share a few things that were going on in her home life that she didn't want anybody to know who she was. And, and it was, it was incredible. She finally came back and was like, that was me that had done that. And we were able to help give her even guidance and coaching in an area that she had kept really private. So it's a really great community. And you can I like the anonymous feature, because you can ask questions, if you want to reserve your privacy as well from that. But you can post throughout the week, any questions you want, I tell people to get really greedy with posting their questions, too, because I want to be in there answering those questions to help people get results, there's no reason for anybody in our program to be stuck at any stage in their business. Though it does happen, I'll tell you, the main reason I see people get stuck in our program is it's always they feel embarrassed that and they'll say Jeremiah, I'm embarrassed that I haven't done the work for two months. I'm like, Listen, this is a safe space to like, shed like like that's natural for people to feel that way. And we try I try really hard to cultivate a self like self acceptance, self compassion environment, to where we're not beating ourselves up for what we're not doing. We're moving forward. But that's one of the biggest reasons why some people are like, I didn't post a question because I felt embarrassed that I haven't been showing up and I say listen, I say this upfront all the time, no, no need to feel embarrassed. This is we're in this together and the community is comes in rallies behind everybody that's in there as well, as well, the community that we have provides a lot of feedback, there's a lot of peer feedback from the other people that are in the program, because they're also growing together with our system. And if I need to correct something that like maybe somebody gave a piece of advice, I'm like, I don't know about that, I'll mention it. But a lot of 90% of the time, the member feedback that you're gonna get is also really spot on to the program. So there's a lot of different avenues of getting help and support in the program.

[210:42] Speaker 2: So basically, if we're running ourselves coffee and things like that, do we have an opportunity for you to look at that? And then give us that

[212:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: feedback? Yes, you do. Um, you have the Facebook group to post a Google doc in there, or you can copy and paste it into the Facebook group itself, and share that in there and say, Hey, can you take a look at this, if we're on the live calls, I can take a look at it as well, if we're in our in our copywriting calls, we can take a look at that too. Generally, what I'll tell people is, is if it's going to take me longer than a couple of minutes to give the feedback, I have them go post it in the group. And then later that week, I'll take some time, sometimes 30 to 45 minutes and really do a deep dive in there for you to give you that real nuanced help that's going to help you and we found that that's helped people a lot. All right. All right. Let's see. That's, you know, that's been one of our number one questions that we've gotten from from a lot of people that have joined our program. And a lot of the ones that have like they say, Hey, like, is there really that much support? I tell you, we hear all the time, like there people are blown away by how much the not not not necessarily the hours of support that I provide, but the quality of it is what it is because it's directly related to like what they needed right then in there. And they don't have to like like a lot of times you don't have to go back and forth 50 100 times. It's it's you get your answer pretty quickly. Pretty pretty easily. One of our one of our clients, you know, it's one of those areas. i You're seeing A little area right now where I'm a little bit, I try to be really like, quote unquote, humble. And you know, the Bible says, let another man praise you. But I feel like there's not other people here to tell you about me. So I'll tell you what they say about me, because they have actually said it. So we have a member, his name is Ave. and he said that he's blown away by the personal touch, and how much I know what each member is really going through, and can provide them that individualized feedback more than anything else that he's ever seen. And so we hear that frequently from a lot of our members, the personal touch. So again, I don't know if it carries a lot of weight hearing me talking about myself that way. But that's what a lot of our members have said. About about it. So. Um, let's see anybody have any other other questions? Raise your hand post in the chat. What's up, Javon? How are you?

[255:30] Speaker 3: I'm doing great, Jeremiah. Yes, I have thank you so much for the free quote, unquote, information you have shared, I wasn't able to participate last week, but I have before and love your style of your teaching, you're pretty blunt at times, but it gets the people who are not your people not to be around you, which I appreciate. And I've now started to implement. But I My challenge is that I focus on, I'm a certified life and business coach, but my passion, which I love, because I know that it can make a difference is I teach relationship building. I'm a relationship building strategist. So I incorporate relationship marketing, and all the things that go with it that a lawyer with loyalty and retention to follow up, create amazing experiences for your clients. So they stay with you. What I find is that people love the topic. When I'm presenting it in a in a speaking situation. On a podcast, they love my podcast, and I have a lot of the I interview people who have used different forms of relationship marketing, they love it. But the pain isn't there enough, not cause it's not a pain that they want to pay for. I in fact, had one coach tell me, where I don't feel the need to build relationships, because I can just when I have my programs, I can just run a Facebook ad. That was actually what I heard. And I was like, what? So is a Facebook ad? Do? I think so? Because it's costing you as opposed to build a relationship? Are you so you keep your clients

[281:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: why I use an ad and then I build relationships with people that come in through an ad is I

[283:36] Speaker 3: know and and your strategy is amazing, because I was listening to one of your recordings again yesterday, in fact, your podcast for this week that you publish. So I just wanted to hear what it because it makes me think sometimes should I forget about this topic in terms of my market, which is mature female entrepreneurs like myself and coaches. But I know the business world understands this, and offline word, especially understanding. So it's kind of like I'm a little caught in a little quandary. Because when I use the this is a topic that I am most passionate and I love talking about. But it doesn't seem to give me the client doesn't

[294:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: play it. I gotcha. I gotcha, I would say so you're in a situation where you're you'll want to, you'll want to find, I think what you're talking about because you're really passionate about it you can implement into your program, it might not necessarily be your lead in is what I'm saying. So your lead in might be related to something that's different to where this whole, like relationship building side of things and all that that you're talking about. That can be part of your system that can be part of what you mentor people on. But the lead in is always based on what is the end dream result or goal that people have. And so we want to hook people with that desire that they have, and build trust with them. You listen to the podcast, and this last week, I talked about the four levels of trust to build with people. And so in that, here's, here's one thing that I I tell people is, you know, with all due respect to anybody systems that they have, the only thing that matters at the end of the day is do the people that you're connecting with? Do they trust you enough to take action to hire you and work with you? And if they're saying, Well, no, I don't or I could do it this way. A if that's everybody, maybe we need to evaluate that it's all about structuring our messaging in a way that makes a connection with the actual desires of the people that you're looking to reach. And then doing that at scale finding as many of those people that share the same pain points as as possible. So one of the issues could be if you find people and I'll say this people that struggle to build relationships. They also struggle to Who really build anything in general, I find that to be the case. And so in that they that they're, you're dealing with a much deeper even systemic issue around what that pain point is. And their real pain point that they're wanting addressed is, depending on what your market is, they're wanting to make more money, they're wanting to have more influence. They're wanting to do any a number of those things, if we can identify what is the end outcome of somebody who applies your system. And they do everything that you teach, and they apply it. And then they come back a year or two later, what would like best case scenario, and listen, I'm not talking about the average person, I'm talking about the ultimate dream outcome that that maybe only 1% of the people you connect with get, what does that look like? For me that looks like people generating multiple, eight figures in their mentorship business. And so in that, like, I know how to get people to that outcome. And everything that I do is directly in that trajectory of, I'm going to get you on the trajectory of six figures, seven figures, eight figures, and I'm very bold and passionate about this. One thing is I'm I'm the sales and finance cashflow guy, you know, there's people that teach business, they teach Kingdom business, they teach different different topics, I'm specifically have kind of carved my niche to be that I'm not going to necessarily tell you how to coach people really well. Though, I can't help you with that. That that's a secondary thing to what I teach, I teach you how to attract the right people, and turn up the volume on your incoming cash flow overall, and your profit margins. And so figuring out how that would translate for your business, what is that sort of lever that you is like your main one and two priority, that is the end result that people would come to you for the only reason that I believe anybody should join my accelerator is because they want to make as much money as possible. If that's not even in their goal set, I they will, will probably not resonate with a lot of what I'm teaching. A lot of what I teach goes way beyond just making money, quote unquote. But at the end of the day, finances is a big part of it because of how we've structured everything. And so figure out what that end outcome is that people want that you can lead them to. And that's going to be kind of your main hook that you want to communicate. And then once they've bought into Yes, I want that outcome. You tell them Well, listen, relationship building is the way that we can do that, and doing this and this. And so that becomes sort of the relationship side of things becomes a secondary part of your process. We're not negating it at all. But we're not necessarily leading with it, we're leading with what they want as their end outcome, versus how you get them there. Oftentimes, if we lead with how we get somebody somewhere, we're almost certainly not in this landscape of online business. We're very rarely going to get anybody to convert to sales on that front, unless they fully believe, okay, I'm going to get a result while working with you, Yvonne, that is going to take me to the next level. And whatever that specific area is that you help them with.

[377:41] Speaker 3: Does that makes sense? Yes, it does. Thank you. So essentially, yeah, I can see what you're saying. So maybe, yeah, the result is more clients, working with less clients and making more money. But I then I have to lead with that rather than leading with the relationship building side, which is the way to get to working with less clients marketing less, because you have the same clients that are going to remain loyal. Yes. And be your referral partners.

[385:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're gonna want to lead with the hook of exactly that what you just said right now getting more clients having more loyal clients, and having a being able to work less with the people that you're working with. And ultimately, what is more clients mean, it's more income or money, more income and impact generally, depending on

[390:32] Speaker 3: those are my those are exactly those are in my introduction. Yeah, to make more and create your income, increase your income and impact. Yeah, but I see I have to restructure it, thank you.

[394:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we figure out like, who you speak to, most often, that's trying to increase their income because, you know, a truck driver trying to increase his income versus a banker versus a mentor or coach. Those are three very different methodologies that they would do that and even the way they build relationships. I mean, if I'm building a relationship out at a, at a college, it's going to be different than me building a relationship in the, say the bar or music performance industry, you know, so like, that's where we nuanced down into what are maybe the specific applications of what you do as well and niching down into those applications. Thank you. Yeah. All right. Stacy Brown, what's up Stacy?

[409:49] Speaker 0: Sorry about that

[410:00] Speaker 4: my Zoom wasn't zooming.

[411:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: When that happens,

[411:55] Speaker 4: I know, I put a link in those to be zoom

[412:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: fast. It wasn't zooming.

[413:46] Speaker 4: It wasn't zooming. We don't link at the comments to my lead page. I'm still working on getting it to show up right on the mobile, but I wanted you to take a look to see how it was on the

[417:39] Speaker 0: on the computer.

[418:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a little it's, it looks a little bit broken on the computer. Some of the, the, the, this part of the top here is okay. removed. Yeah, I would recommend against having like a background to your text right here. Okay, I'd keep it a like a solid, dark color against a high, you want a high contrast with anywhere where there's text.

[425:57] Speaker 1: Otherwise, it's, it becomes hard to read now. And when I'm saying hard to read the word that you want for a sales letter as you want it to be skimmable came up, or people are able to skim it to where they're not. Because most people unnecessarily are not going to read every word, they're gonna skim it really quickly. And so you want them to, that's also part of the process of sales copy. And the reason why well crafted sales copy goes against almost all of the rules of proper writing, is because it's supposed to be skimmable. To where somebody can essentially be. They don't have to, like, be focused and read it, they can just scroll through it, skim it, and they'll still get the gist of what you're trying to get across by doing that. Gotcha. So this also Yeah, like a bright color against gray. Let's make that a darker color as well.

[442:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is good right here. been in their shoes. Hey, so now what I'm asking what I'm looking for, here's the here's the part where I'm a little more talking about leadership. Yeah, okay, balance of career and personal life. What aspects are they leading? And what? Avenue? Where are they leading?

[448:32] Speaker 4: Right? Because this is really inclusive of all of that. I know, from my personal experience, I'm just being able to lead on all fronts. And sometimes as moms, we as moms that are leaders in different organizations and in our professional life, we feel like we're dropping the balls everywhere. Okay, really, what this course is, is to help and give strategies and techniques and methodologies, so that you can learn how to do balance and have confidence and leading in all those areas, because you have really first and foremost gotten rid of the imposter syndrome, like I'm messing this up. And also learning that just because you may not be excelling in one area, just because home may be not the best area right now. Doesn't mean that it bleeds over to work and that everybody is looking at you like you're incompetent, because your kid just got sent to the principal's office last week, you know, so it's really developing that confidence to learn that yes, all of those areas do affect each other. But you need to learn how to be like a waffle instead of spaghetti. And thinking that failure one is failure in Aw.

[469:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what you just said was sales copy that needs to be on your sales letter. Gotcha. Like what you just said right now, I'm trying to pull up the the the transcript of this here for you just to kind of like copy it into the into the chat and then you could copy it to your computer.

[475:50] Speaker 4: And I think I'm gonna Yeah, I'm gonna use another software because Wix is not very intuitive when it comes to doing these lead pages. And I'm just like, Okay, I can't. I tried to can but I can't.

[478:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So again, what you just shared about, like, what this looks like and all of that, that very specifically is a big part of what needs to go on the sales letter itself on the sales page. More so then just because a lot of this is kind of more the how you're going to do it, what you described more paints a picture of what that life looks like. And so that would go even before this segment right here. And then I wouldn't put any of this text right here, I would let this be kind of the, okay, the top portion right here, bring some of that down, add in some of that, what I call it, it's the storyline section, you shared the storyline of it. So what's missing from here is the is that story of what they're going through. And that's a big part that we go through in our accelerator. As I tell people you want a hook. And then you want a story to be written there. And those are the two most important parts of your sales letter, what you actually teach people. And I mean this, though, I don't have better language for this, I'm looking for language for it. But it's gonna sound very harsh when I say this. What we actually teach people doesn't matter. And it's like, what what are you talking about, like, don't take that the wrong way, when I say that. When it comes to the actual sales letter itself, it's it's being able to sort of hook them around their desire, cast vision in their mind with a story. And then we tell them about what we're going to teach them. So we don't even go into the what we're going to teach until we've sort of broken down that that emotional barrier that people have, by sharing a story element to that. And so the slight the story that you shared, was exactly what I'm trying to go back here and see kind of the part where you shared the story. It was specifically around, like what these women are experiencing in their life. And it's repeating their own vision and story back to them. And what you're doing is you're using written word to put a mirror up to the screen and show them themselves. But you're doing it in such a way that's not judgey. That's not condescending, that's not going to make them feel bad, it's actually going to make them feel like they finally found somebody who understands what they've been through, while nobody else has actually understood that before. And so that's like the story aspect of any sort of a landing page. And that's what in the landing page blueprint course in the accelerator, I really break that down. But I'll show you how I do that on my on my sales letters right here

[527:38] Speaker 1: is this is the story section right here. And I always accompany it with some kind of a stock photo of some kind. And I put right here and you're tired of the overwhelm getting your business off the ground, you know that you should have something that has the potential to be huge, but you're not sure how to get it there. I remember knowing what it was like to build a business the experience that I had.

[533:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I couldn't get anyone to buy from me. The worry, the doubt the disappointment was exhausting. And so that's the story aspect. That's basically showing a mirror to anybody who sees this page of wow, that sounds like what I'm going through. Now you might say. And like, I don't like the term necessarily devil's advocate. But to play devil's advocate, I hear a lot of people, they're like, Yeah, well, I never read that section of your sales letter. Okay, great. You're the 1%. That didn't. And but most people are going to what, whether subconsciously or consciously they're going to come back and see that. And that's a big part of what actually makes a sales letter convert well. How do you guys share your share your link in here, Joe? How do I use the transcript when somebody's talking? It's otter AI, and it's just linked to my Zoom account. So it's just it's just transcribing it as we're, as we're going through it. So. But does that does that make sense Stacy as far as me? Copy?

[551:40] Speaker 4: Yeah, I think I was trying so hard to meet a formula that I forgot to add me in it. Like, what is it? That first and foremost, what made you want to do you know what I want to teach this course? And how can you relate to it? Because I know what it feels like to you know, have kids call you in the middle of an important meeting with clients and they're screaming at each other and you're trying to hold it together. You know, and you feel like You know, I've had those days where you just cry in the shower because you think that you are failing at everything. And really, I'm here to help those women understand that just because you have failed doesn't mean you are a failure.

[564:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and what's what's great as the way as well that you're going to attract that client is you're going to embody somebody who is them has had those days. But you have lived to tell the story, come out the other side, and show them that this doesn't have to be their final chapter, or that they don't have to give up. Yeah. So that that's what you're imparting to people. It's a very much a spiritual impartation, I believe, in our sales copy, as I as I as we're painting a picture of what they're experiencing. But I truly believe that and the word prophecy is the best word that I can come up with for this is that we really, in our sales, copy our, our headline is prophesying what their future is, and being able to show people that future with the words that we write and how we give our presentations, and then getting people to fully believe that that's possible for them. That's one part of it. But then the second part is, and this is where you make the money is that you want them to realize that going about it on their own, as a lone wolf, to do it by themselves without support without community. And maybe you did do that, that's okay. But to help them realize, like, you're going to accelerate things by getting into a community by getting into a group mentorship program, by working with other people that are going through these things, by working with a mentor and a coach that can guide you and direct you from point A to point B to point C. And that's one of the biggest parts and I find that, that that's why people buy in is because they're like, Okay, I'm done struggling, I'm done trying to do this on my own. I want to find somebody that can help accelerate time, shrink the amount of time it's going to take me to reach my goals, I'm done going around the same mountain over and over again, I'm ready to go to my next level. And oftentimes it takes finding somebody that can help point out to us what we don't see clearly, we often can't see, clearly hindsight is always 2020. And very rarely can we see clearly, clearly what has to change ourselves. Because we're operating in this, it's very weird, we're operating in the same consciousness that created our problems, right. And so to be able to change out of our problems, we got to have an outside voice. And that's what I love about group mentoring. Because if you're leading a group mentorship program, well, the leader themselves in our accelerator, it's not just me, providing that it's the rest, like it's the other members that are in the group to that really help raise up the rest of the members. So that the whole group as a whole is growing, I'm seeing the whole group as a whole rising up. And so and that's what that's a picture of what I believe successful. Group, mentorship and group coaching programs need to be it's more than just selling information to people, it really is creating a vehicle for life transformation and results. And I'm super passionate about creating results for people just as passionate as I am about creating as much cash flow as possible for people.

[617:59] Speaker 4: So thank you.

[618:43] Speaker 3: Can I say something Jeremiah? What's her Stacy statement? Sure, what's up? i There's a there's a phrase She used that I think would be a great idea to keep in her sales letter. And it'll be exactly where you're telling her about sharing her story. And she mentioned cry in the shower. And immediately thought of, you know, have you ever cried in the shower? Because you felt like you were a failure in all areas of your life. So many women that has happened to and she can build a connection right there. Yes. Awesome. Thank you.

[629:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So I'm checking out Joe's sales that are here. And then I see violets face on here. Are y'all both working together? No. Okay. I pulled this up. Like I see both the URL right there. So let me let me take a look at this. Okay. And so are you specifically focused on just Christian kingdom? podcasters. Joe? Yes. Right now. Yeah, this specific kingdom. So we want to add that to the top here more than just experts, but like, this is for faith based Christian kingdom experts. We want that to be at the very top of your messaging to where we don't have to dig deeper. under that the reason why is it's going to make your Facebook Ads work better, that's going to help you get a better cost. Because anybody who doesn't kind of fall into that category, they'll just click off the page at that point. So the goal is you really want people to like know where you're coming from as quickly as possible, if you're going to gear it towards a specific faith based angle, instead of trying to interweave it into stuff. And that's what I that's what I recommend people do. That's why my sales letter I put who it's for who it's not for a lot of my like our free offer sales letters right here, attention, mentors, trainers, coaches, thought leader speakers, get more clients, and then this kindly note, this is designed for mentors, trainers, coaches, course graders, this is not for you, please do not register. And the reason I say that is it helps improve our ads costs. It helps it to be very clear on that. So that's why I'm making it like above this section. We call this above the fold before anybody scrolls down. So before anybody scrolls down on your sales letter, you want that to be really clear as far as who you're talking about. And if it's we're focused on that faith angle. We want that to be at the top here. Now let's take a look. Here. Yeah, have you ran some of this through some of the prompts that we did in chat GPT the past week? Nine yet? No, no. Okay. Yeah. So you'll want to do that, mainly is kind of run your sales letter, how it is right now? Just run it through those different chat GBT prompts, and see what kind of output you get as far as the story behind this one. And so that would be the first step that I would like, have you do right here. Because looking at it, again, it's a it's a, by the way, great niche, great challenge. Great topic, I think you can build a an eight figure business around this, this niche right here. So I love that, um, you know, anything around helping people amplify their voice, you can make 10s of millions of dollars around because there's always new people wanting to amplify their voice. Why do you think I'm in the in the niche that I'm in, right? Because the niche that I'm in, I will never run out of people that I can help get more clients that have a message and that want to reach more people. So that's a very specific reason why I've even chosen this niche, versus ones that I might feel more passionate about even. And so like, I love your niche that you've chosen, we want to explain it in a way that sort of makes that connection with people around the struggle that they're dealing with the pain behind getting their message out there. And then what is that promised outcome of working with you, you know, beyond just being encouraged? Really, we want to, we want to be a lot more bold, a lot more assertive with actually saying, Hey, listen, this is where this is where we can get, you know, obviously know not everybody's gonna get there. But this is where this is where this is the trajectory that this training is going to go just like what we have here on this sales letter right here. proven strategies to grow your group mentorship with paid ads and AI, that you can attract clients. And, and this is I love this adding the word finally, because if people feel like they're at their wit's end of struggling the word finally a sort of like a relief word. Finally, rake in 10 to $40,000 monthly. And that's generally when people are struggling. And then we put this running paid ads, doesn't have to be a struggle anymore. And we and we go through that. And we go through kind of the storyline of this is again, the story of that struggle that somebody is going to be dealing with. I remember struggling to get clients and my business hours of trial and error feeling overwhelmed not sure how to get them to pay for my services. Which is which is which is hilariously true because I had no trouble. Oh, let me share the screen here. I had no trouble getting sales for other people's businesses. But I struggled to get them in my own business because I didn't believe in myself, because I didn't believe that I was worth it. I could help sell Rick Pitino all day long to his people, I could help sell Sandy Gronkowski I can help sell Danny Johnson. But when it came to getting my own clients, I literally struggled to get anybody to take action to show up to listen to me. And so it was really transforming myself, my mind. My, my, my the way that I approach people even that that made all the difference. And so that's I'm gonna just flip this back to you, Joe. That's what we want to really express to people is the struggle that they're going through while framing it in a way of even maybe your own story or your client stories, and then saying, listen, we're gonna get you out of this struggle and into that dream zone that you've always wanted to get to by going through this challenge. All right, awesome. Awesome. Well, thank you. Thank you. Awesome, very cool. Oh, you are married. Awesome.

[722:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Very cool. Ah, all right, let's see, Diana has got her hand raised. If anybody has any other questions to just feel free to ask in the comments, raise your hand, raise your hand on camera. If you can't seem to get the hand race thing to work. It'll do that as well for you. All right, Diana, what's up, Dana?

[727:41] Speaker 0: Um, I had some questions about the chat GPT plus. And when I was entering in the things that I wanted, the niches that I was inquiring wanted answers to. It didn't come up the way that I was wanting it to come out. And I was trying to be more specific as to the types of domestic abuse traumas and the beatings and killing and stuff like this. Okay. And I was trying to be specific, because I, there are certain areas that have more experience, and then others, if that makes any sense.

[738:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So there's certain was it was it warning you that it was against its policies to help you with those things?

[740:30] Speaker 0: No, it just was saying it was. I don't know. I don't know how to say what I want to say. But it was popping up different things that weren't quite related to that more of overall trauma from a bunch of different areas.

[746:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where they're gonna iterate with it a little bit and be like, and literally, I will. I like grabbing this tool right here. If you're on your computer, I'd type in voice chat GPT. Okay, and there's a plugin for Chrome that you can use. Let me see which one was I using a voice? Voice Chat? GPT. Here it is voice control. For chat. GPT. Yeah, this is available.

[754:52] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, I'm not in the Chrome browser. Let's open up Chrome here. And I'll show you how it works. Um, so it lets you talk to chat JpT. And I find that that can be more natural to than typing, being able to actually talk to it. So what I'll do is let's, let's turn on here. Let's go to our extensions. I turned it off, because it was sometimes I don't want it on.

[761:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: But let me refresh it here. Now. There's this microphone button. And so when I'll literally say to chat, GBT, I'll say hey, thank you that output isn't necessarily what I want. Can you adjust it in this way, this way, in this way, and make sure to keep in mind this, and I don't want it to be about XYZ, that it's not doing. And then let it kind of go back and forth a few times with you putting it and it will start to come into alignment with what you're wanting. Okay, that you actually like corrected just like you would, let's say you hired a writer to write copy for you. And you do like what they produced, you correct it the same way that you would that way.

[772:34] Speaker 0: So basically, proofreading just read it.

[773:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you tell it, and then and then like, what you just said was great. So it shows that you actually have enough insight to make this work for you. Because you recognize how okay, it's giving me too generic of stuff. Tell it that's a little too generic towards regular trauma. Mine is more geared towards than XYZ explain it a little bit more, hey, and then it will start to align the copy more in that direction for you, which is a powerful way of using chat GBT that I don't think most people even know you can use it that way. I've just always used it that way. And so that's one of my like, super unlocks. If you're if you're not liking the outputs it gives you is as become more Converse. It's called, it's called challenge GPT for a reason. You want to have a conversation with it. Right?

[786:22] Speaker 0: I just need to tell it No, not too. Well, I was I was kind of correcting it because I was adding more stuff, but I wasn't telling it to stop or to take out the other. Yeah, you know,

[790:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then if it takes out certain parts, you can be like, Okay, I didn't want you to take this part out. Go back. Look at that part that you had up there. Include that and it'll bring it back into it as well. Okay. Yep. Thank you. That's awesome. that'll that'll help you a whole lot for sure. Audrey says if we begin the work with the accelerator, if you can't begin the work that the success you're transitioning, when will you offer it again? I don't know when we'll be offering it again. You Yvonne says thank you for this session. One of the bonuses If you use kartra How will building a funnel and Squarespace help you? Well? Karcher is a great software to use. As far as building your funnel in there. I have a training on using Squarespace just because it's the fastest and easiest to get off the ground for people that don't know what platform to use. But if you're already using kartra, you can apply everything that we teach to any sort of platform that's out there specifically. All right. Let's see Catherine, what's up, Catherine?

[810:09] Speaker 5: Hey, there, I felt like I have a bajillion questions. But I just want to ask you about this. This Gosh, what is this called your Chad GPT prompts I've tried to go through and I think this is my main, like, quantum chat GPT is I can't get it to do what you do. It's like your magic and catch up days and like me. So I'm doing it like where you go through. And you you know, just one little thing at a time here, but you have it start with creating that prompt is to create a webinar. You know, basically just to create a webinar, and I wondered why you start there, it says to write a sales letter prompt. But write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above in a conversational informative and persuasive tone. I'm not maybe sure if I'm not think I'm stupid, but just at the same time, like I don't get it, why are we starting with a webinar instead of the sales page?

[825:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, so it's the sales copy for a webinar.

[826:26] Speaker 5: So how do we start with, I guess, in my mind, I'm like, Okay, I need to get my sales page copy, like better and make more sense before I can consider what kind of webinar or challenge or event that I would like to to do. How can I apply

[830:38] Speaker 1: this? And you could just change the word webinar or for group coaching program on that prompt. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so some of those words that are in there you like you can change the word webinar for what your application is, okay, how you're gonna apply it. The other side of it is this, the reason why we start with that, is now you already have a few sales letters already written. So I would skip even that first prompt and copy your, your existing sales letters in and start with those. And even what we went over on Saturday was a was a was a great start with that. The reason why is if somebody has no sales letter, but they have a topic or an idea that they want to start with, it's a good way for chat JpT, once you pick your niche to to start to generate some of the information that it needs to look back and basically see what topic how to gauge the content that it's generating. Because

[846:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of what I think part of the learning curve that that and this is also, there is a learning curve, which at GPT, I totally get that, it might not work the way you want to right away, the reason why I'm using it, I've been using it almost every day for two years. So that was a big reason for that. That's why I say if you kind of follow along on how I do things, and the way that I talk with it, and I correct it, that's a really good way of doing that. But the way that these algorithms work is such that GPT is, and it's funny, I'm really careful, I don't want to assume you don't understand how the algorithm works, no, I don't start, I'm gonna like start mansplaining it to you. So I don't mansplain away, I'll be really like careful to like, not try to, like do that. But sometimes like I have to in this setting. So so the way that it works is there's this, like this is the this is like the main brain of chat GPT right here. And it has literally trillions of data points inside of it, there and they're not really categorized, but they do have what's called weights. And so these weights are sort of what when you prompt it, it starts looking for weights that are similar to how you prompt it. And then it outputs some information to you from its brain. The problem is, it might be pulling from this section of its brain, when what you need is actually over here. And so what I like to do to create a sales letter is if we create a sales letter, we'll need to pull from this section, this section and this section and bring them all together. I'll use my props to sort of have it hold down these different sections from its main algorithm into it. And then what happens is it starts to create a profile of what we're really wanting it to do based on those different outputs that it has So that's why I started with generate a sales letter because that ends up pulling this section of its like aI brain into the first line. Whereas if we don't have that, it's not really going to know which direction to go in, it's gonna be like throwing darts anywhere. And so a lot of the prompting that we do is just so that it can generate information so that it knows how to actually write our sales copy. Because ultimately, we're the ones steering it in the direction that we want it to go. And it's not. It's not as, it's not very smart at doing that for sales copy. Like, by itself, that's why most people don't get very good outputs with their sales copy with chat GBT. And so that's why the prompts that we developed, if you go top to bottom with them, they generate enough information to be able to at least take that and then adjust it, tweak it, sometimes I'll even rerun the same prompts, five or six times through and it will give me a different output that gets more lasered in on who I'm trying to reach. And that can be a process that might take me an hour or two sitting at my computer to do. And so that's a big part of like, really dialing in that sales copy. That's why if it's not giving you what you want, part of it is just learning how to get it to do what you want. And we have a lot of extensive training in our program that go through how to do that.

[904:46] Speaker 5: Okay, I'm thinking that this is the majority of the reason why here's valuable in a lot of ways, okay, don't take this wrong. But the value that I see in working with you is that you would be able to take I think this is how it works at least or you will be able to take this this thing that I create, and then I can submit it to you and say now you're the copyright guy, can you look at this and tell me, does this make sense as is speaking to somebody, you would look at that word, and here's why I'm asking this is really important. I work with a coach right now I pay a lot of money for her, she helped me to get my program off the ground. I'm so thankful for that. But it's not making sales. So I need somebody to help me to it to get to the next level. Right? It's not making consistent sales, I shouldn't say it is selling just not consistently. So I when I present my stuff to her in an audit, and I say can you look at it, she really just looks at the images. And she's like, well, aesthetically, and I'm like, no, no, I need you to read it. Because I know that you're saying they scan it. So am I putting too much am I not highlighting what needs to be highlighted? And yada, yada. So I really want to make sure that I'm going to be able to have you look at it and you would read it, you know? Okay,

[922:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I'm definitely reading it in there. The the other part of it is that we want to see, once you put your offer out there, what kind of feedback do you get from people as far as? What are they telling you they're struggling with? In their own words? And what are they wanting to learn from you specifically, through your program? That one area is the biggest unlock that's going to take you to actually getting sales with your offer is getting like I'm talking like 50 to 100 people, and then finding the pattern that's inside of those answers that they're giving you. And then adjusting your sales copy in that direction of what people are actually saying, while also dialing in the lookalike audiences for the paid ads, so that it starts showing your ads to the right people that we're looking for. So a lot of that is going to be it's going to be the major part of what's gonna start to bring bring in sales for you. And then improving the salesmanship of your presentations itself to how Yeah,

[939:14] Speaker 5: that was that was the other major thing that I would like to get out of our working relationship is that you would help me to figure out what kind of why so that you do like webinars, I know you don't call it you said you don't call them webinars, but it's still webinars, whatever, what kind of free thing that I could create that would bring value to who I'm trying to talk to, you know, like, what kind of challenge or whatever like that, do you you help with that? Right? You have a whole course for that too?

[946:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we do. We have a whole a whole course and a whole program on that. And then like, what do you actually, because there's not just what the free thing is, but how do you structure the delivery of that free thing? That's very nuanced. And I went over it at the very end of day five of the intensive, but we have we have a couple of courses that actually do go through that process as well. Here's what I tell people that the best way to learn it, is if you watch how I do it, you can then filter your message into the structure of how I cede my program. Member you. You mentioned that to me on day one, like how I'm seeding the program throughout it, that's a big part of, of what we want to make sure that we're doing, how we're delivering the value to people and then how we show up to close the sale at the end of it. And when all of those are strung together, right and you've got the right people in front of you. And the design of it is to build trust in those four areas, you the result, you deliver your program, your brand. That's, that's when the sales really start to come in. And then all you want to do is just amplify how many people you get in front of you. Because then if you just get more people in front of you, that turns into more sales for you.

[965:53] Speaker 5: Yeah, I love that. Could you do a quick breakdown of of just what happens for the starter when they come into your program? Do you have like, start here on a course somewhere? Or I know that's what our

[969:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fast Start Training is tomorrow. Okay. So that's very, that's why we are doing that fast start tomorrow is to sort of onboard people on and I love what what Abbe put here in the in the text here about, like, what I what I'm doing what I do and all of that. And even Audrey is right here, can you go? Can you go ahead and join and assume that work at your own pace, you can pick up when you can or will you be behind, nobody in the program is going to be left behind. We've designed it in a way that even if you come in, you're in for one month. And we have some people they'll pop out for like three months, and then they'll come back. And they're not left behind we have like we've part of it is just my experience in doing group programs like this because we we had a group program my mom and I did with 3000 people at this level, and still provided the same level of support that I am with my program. And so it's just part a big part is because I've been doing this so long as I know how to help people, whether they're coming in at a different stage, where to start. And our Fast Start Training helps onboard people that are new that are coming in, where to start what to start with. And then another thing is when people are asking me questions, I'm able to say, Hey, this is a course that I put together that's really going to help you in that area. Like for instance for you, Katherine, the one successful webinars and challenges, that course that I just put together last month, that one is going to be a huge moneymaker for you for sure. Specifically, and so and then a lot of the questions that people are asking come from people that have gone through their specific trainings that are in the in the back end of the program, they've asked for help, they've asked questions, they've gotten feedback on their sales copy, to help move the needle forward for you to get those results. But I'll say this, and I talked to I actually, I was just on the phone for a half hour. So it's funny, I consider my mom to be my business coach in this business, because she's kind of retired from a lot of that side of business coaching. And so I can I call her I said, Hey, Mom, I want to talk about the last Friday event that I did. And I talked to her about it. And she said, You have to remind people this one thing, that if they didn't have success with another coach, there's a chance they're not going to have success with you, Jeremiah. And it's because of their inability to actually follow the directions. And it has less to do with you failing as a coach, and more to do with the reasons that people come up with for why they can't succeed, that they end up doing with every coach that they work with. And so I definitely one of the biggest things that we encourage people with is, we have a no codependency program. We don't believe in codependency we don't believe in me working harder on somebody else's goals than they're willing to work. I'm willing to meet people halfway as much as they're willing to come halfway. And so a great example of this is, you know, if somebody's never asking questions, never asking for feedback on their sales copy, never going through any of the trainings, and then complaining that they're not getting results. Well. I think they know the answer for why that is. You know, it's going to take it does take active participation to get the most out of the program. But we we don't have, there's maybe two people in the program right now that I don't even think I don't think there's anybody fully taking advantage of how much access they get to the resources they need in that program. And I hope some of you might might push the limits of that. I encourage our group I'm like, don't be afraid to ask too many questions. You can't bother me enough. And no, I promise you can't. It's impossible. Trust me, I got people that they think they have. They haven't they've not even come close to it. So now if you're if you're direct messaging me and emailing me, I mean, I don't respond to those. I it's got to be in the group itself or on the group calls. Those are kind of the boundaries I have. But as far as that goes inside of those boundaries, you can get a lot out of it. I promise you that.

[1036:57] Speaker 5: Yeah, that's great. I think I am definitely the follower. I just need you to tell me like, do this that and I'm going to do it like so. That's why I was like, what exactly is the roadmap though?

[1039:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's Send a lot of the pre recorded courses that are actually in, there's a lot of that roadmap side of things. The other side of it is that I encourage this,

[1042:16] Speaker 0: too, is I encourage people,

[1043:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: especially if you're like you're the follower, tell me what to do. I do encourage you to come up with your own ideas. I told you this the other day, start trusting in your own intuition. start trusting in your own ideas, because I believe that you know more about your heart. I don't I'm not an expert in women's mental health, weight loss. So keep that in mind right. Now, so that's the part that you got to bring to the table. It's kind of your own know how on that side of it, and then I can give you the pieces that come together like that?

[1052:17] Speaker 5: Yeah, no, that's super helpful. Of course, yes, thank you. It's just a matter of talking. I think, anything, anything we do in life, we need to be able to work with somebody who's been before us. Because we don't know what we don't know. And I think like, my friend called me this morning and said, you know, hey, can you help me do what you do? And I was like, No, I really can't. Because I don't know I don't I don't know how to explain how to successful business because I'm barely just starting myself have come along.

[1059:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's good self awareness at that point. For sure.

[1060:58] Speaker 5: I'm like, I can tell you love on people. But you guys, one

[1061:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing that I, I do hope to see. I mean, there's there's definitely people that are in our, our program, once you stick with me for a while, you're gonna start to really understand how the business side of stuff works. And I would love to see people in our program, even start to create their own programs that teach people how to mentor and how to coach and do stuff like that, too. It's not the goal of our program for that to happen. But it is something that I I actually encourage people if they want to go that route, it's not a bad route to go as you're learning. And as you start to gain that skill set. And we've had a few people do that as well. One of my mom's one of our biggest case study results from my mom's business. How many of y'all know the name Jennifer allwood? Yes, most people do. She, she was where you guys are right now, with my mom and I, back in the early 2000s. She was like, not knowing how to she was she was just painting, doing painting tutorials. In her magic brush business. And so she had worked with my mom and coaching. And then and then I showed her how to do the Facebook ads, and we taught her the sales copy. And then she's gone on to, like, to the moon with her own brand, at that point. And she's still a close friend of my mom and I to this day, which is awesome. And so like, I love that, and I love seeing, I think that we're gonna have people that are in our program that are going to be like that I want to see, I want to see people making 10s of millions of dollars. But But, and this is the big, but to that. Don't feel like you're inadequate if your goal is just to make 10,000 or even 5000 as well. Whatever level you want to get to we can help you get to. So it's good. Thank you. Let me see Joe asked a question. Oh, my wife be able to join like a buy one, get one? Or if you guys are in the same business. Yes. So if you're in the same business, absolutely, you can jump in there. You can go in there. I mean, you guys are in the same same house, we have a couple husband and wife teams that are in there. So I'm not super like policing that either. I am an ultra ultra giver when it comes to I want to see people succeed more than anything else. But I also have a business to run and we got to we got to make a profit on what we do. So hopefully you guys can see my heart comes across in that way as well. Yabe says nobody's left behind, it's open, no pressure, everyone's at their own pace. However I will. When it says no pressure. Well, that's not entirely true. If you do come on the call, and you're like, you know, hey, I'm struggling to do this since the same problem three times around and be like, let's take a look at maybe what the pattern is behind that. You know, I'm gonna I will challenge you. I don't know that I'm gonna I'm gonna say that. In our program. I am definitely a lot more willing to call out if I see a really a repeated pattern and somebody I'll call I'll say, Hey, do you think maybe this is going on? We had that happen on one of our calls this past week I had mentioned to one of our clients I said, you know, I think you have a big habit of managing other people's emotions and concerning yourself way too much with how other people feel all the time and not in a very healthy way like it's a very unhealthy like you're hurting yourself to serve others. So and Nobody's expecting that a few, either, you know, and she was very receptive of that. And it was it was a huge breakthrough and a huge unlock for her. So which was, which is awesome. Anyways, we're at the top here of the hour. How do you make enough for to make it where you only charge? Well, you gotta have at least so like six figures at that level that is 50 people. So 50 people, 166 a month is 10,000 versus 8000 8000 a month. So we have, I think right now, we've had over 300 people come through our program in the last year, just in that side of the program, which is awesome. And then we have our consulting our one on one coaching, our investments, all of that, that's why I was excited to share with people we just crossed a million dollars in the last year. If you combine all those different income streams, the coaching program itself, obviously is is about 600,000. And then the other 400 is from the other different kind of tranches that I have in my business in general. But yeah, it's exciting. Yeah, 500 people is exactly seven figures right there. So we're on pace to do that pretty quickly, which is awesome. My goal is I want to have about 3000 people in our program. So and we'll hit that, which is great. And then we'll we'll be adding a we don't have any plans for it right now. But we will be adding like a more like exclusive level that's at a higher level so that people are like, okay, there's 3000 people in here. How can we get more access right now I have one on one coaching, where I offer that to people, if you want one on one help with me, we can help you with that. My mom, the way that she does it is she has about 3000 people in her stocks group. And then she has a VIP program that has about 100 people in it. And so when we when we need to do that we'll kind of branch out if we need to. If it's like, okay, it's becoming the point where there's too many people in the accelerator. That's where it'll kind of branch out. And we'll figure out a way to kind of grandfather people up to that level as well. So, but we're not near that anytime right now, which is good.

[1158:06] Speaker 0: All right, everybody.

[1158:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited. Those that have jumped in, I see a bunch of people have jumped in which is good. And the doors, the enrollment to the accelerator does close tonight at midnight. We don't know when we're going to be opening it. It's not gonna be anytime soon. It's not going to be for a few months at the minimum. And so

[1164:18] Speaker 0: jump in. Tonight is is the final

[1165:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: last chance. If you write to our customer service and say, Oh, I wish I had joined. You won't be able to I'm sorry. You'll have to get on the waiting list. So have a good one, everybody, and I'll see you in the program. We'll talk soon and for those y'all that are on the Jumpstart training. We'll see you on the Jumpstart tomorrow. Talk soon.

