LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-10-12T19:13:50.000Z
Duration: 127 min
Otter ID: lIfKNd6MkVr3WgD8JVXWHRVrgaE
---

[1:43] Speaker 0: Go

[5:58] Speaker 0: live in the Facebook group

[11:23] Speaker 0: all righty everybody.

[12:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good morning. Good morning and welcome to our live copyrighting day today. How are you? Welcome. I'm gonna go in live in the group here,

[14:29] Speaker 0: join us on Zoom reviewed

[16:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: those of y'all who are like how does he go live in the group, there's just a button in zoom. And if you don't have the button in your Zoom account, you just got to go into zoom on the browser and add the ability to go live in Facebook, on Zoom and it's just like one two click button go live. Not much more to it than that there's like there's no barriers. You gotta really cross very easy stuff like that.

[23:13] Speaker 0: Alrighty, everybody.

[23:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is for us to look at whether it be ad copy, sales copy, you want to talk about copy, we're gonna go look at your copy. I'm going to do some live rewriting, I'll explain what's going on with that. Also, just just for those that are new, we have recordings of each month that we've done this and I'll say each month is kind of like its own masterclass on on copywriting, especially the last couple of months, the recordings to these sessions are really have been invaluable for a lot of people. So anyways, raise your hand if you want to get into the hot seat right here and do this this is there's no training at the beginning here. We're just literally going into this is like a working project right here that we're going to be working on

[36:24] Speaker 0: so. Alrighty.

[41:19] Speaker 0: So if we're going to be

[41:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: looking at your copy, I need somebody to raise their hand and to cut and to come up and we're going to look over it or we can discuss your copy. You don't have copy to look over. We can just discuss where you're at. But this is the way that today's format works. And it's an interactive format. So, Jennifer, what's

[46:25] Speaker 0: up Jennifer, how are you?

[46:51] Jennifer Knight: Hi. So this is my first one to do. So I was like somebody go first since I've never

[48:52] Speaker 0: Um, can you hear me? Let me just the audio here talking again. Can you hear me? Yes, I can.

[51:43] Jennifer Knight: Okay. Um, this is my first copywriting class. So I was hoping somebody else would go first. But, um, so I have a freebie for, you know, to get people to subscribe. Okay, so I was thinking of running Facebook ads for the freebie so that when it's Black Friday, I have more people to advertise to. Does that make sense? Okay, so I was going through I've been using Jasper instead of chat GPT and using your your freebie to tell it what to do. So I have some things and one sounded really good and a couple sounded kind of cheesy. So

[66:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sue, I'm not sure what you mean by that. This is obviously different from what chat CBT has generated. Um, yeah, so one thing I'll say is Jasper it I recommend people use chat GBT over Jasper just because the quality of the output is better now Okay, with that. So as far as as far as the trainings in the members area and classes on copywriting and offers and stuff that's over in the members area over dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. We have the sales copy Mastery Course which at GPT where I go over using that to create your sales copy. And then what we'll do is today is kind of take a look at what you got and be able to this is an active working thing. So this is not I guess you would not know simply call this a class, it's more of a workshop as what today's is, and that's why we only do it once a month because it's kind of to review stuff. Whereas throughout the month, we have training about putting your offers together, writing your sales, copy, creating those offers and things like that. So tell me a little bit about about where, where you're out with that offer and what what the goals are to that, again, the the most effective offer for getting clients in a mentorship and coaching business is still always going to be some kind of a video training, where you are our training, teaching, and then doing a sales presentation to people. Um, as romantic as it sounds, for people to just be on your email list, find you love you, and then become a client. That's not the reality of the internet these days anymore. And so we have to like actually, like, accept the fact that, that those glory days of online marketing don't exist anymore. And that what we have to do is we have to become very effective at actually making connections with people and, and closing sales directly promoting what we're doing, rather than being very passive with it. And just hoping that people see what how amazing we are, and love us so much that they become a client. And so that's one thing that we definitely want to look at when it comes to our offers and our copy and things like that. So

[102:48] Jennifer Knight: um, well, my, my freebie is a principle on healing Scriptures, because of my journey with Lyme disease and experience through healing. Okay, and so I have that on there. And I've had a lot of good results just from posting it on my Facebook, but I want to use it to grow and

[108:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what are we what are we identifying as results? Because that's, that's something that we want to get clear on too. Because results can mean 1000 different things to 1000 different people. So

[111:11] Jennifer Knight: results me I probably had over 1000 downloads, but I've only had probably 50 subscribers, so they've obviously downloaded it multiple times,

[114:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and what are they subscribing to? To my weekly newsletter? And that's a paid newsletter? No, okay. Okay, so we and this is just again, that's, that's great. And I think the results that you got are, are great on this. And here's the thing, this is where, like, some people either love me or hate me that I'm like this, the results that I identify as what kind of cash flow you got coming in your business. So we want to really graduate from just people engaging to actually producing some kind of a monetary cash flow. Unless now tell me this unless you have no desire to make any money, then that's fine. If you have noticed, seriously, because I've worked with a lot of people that have no desire to make any money, and they only want to have impact. So if that's the case, then you're doing a great job of doing that. And I think that that's awesome. I don't mean that like in a cocky way. I mean that like very seriously. I've worked with a lot of nonprofits where it's like, cashflow is zero. We just want 1000s of people downloading our content and being impacted. So that's great. If that's your goal.

[131:13] Jennifer Knight: No, my goal is to get them in my my monthly. I have a group that's a paid group for people to get in where there's Bible studies, etc.

[134:14] Speaker 0: How many of you and that's the ultimate goal. How many people do we have in that group right now?

[135:44] Speaker 2: 1010.

[136:04] Speaker 0: Okay. Let's

[136:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: take a look at what those 10 people really like. What what are they in there for? What are they getting out of it? What What, what's their story like?

[138:39] Jennifer Knight: So I asked them based on what your questions were on Monday's call. Yeah, why did you come? What is your thing and most of them were, I want to learn to share my faith with others, but I have no self confidence.

[142:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so confidence is the big one. It's kind of the the hook that people are going to, to come in for. So what we really want to look at in any of your offers freebies, and everything is that people are registering with the desire to move into a place of confidence. And so any kind of freebie that you put out there should have that sort of perspective to it. And again, this may not apply to everybody else, confidence may be the last thing that your people want. So I understand that for anybody who's on here who says I like you know, I know that some people think that like this just, I'm talking specifically for Jennifer right here for her offer. And so for you because that's what we lead with with Rick pinos worship coach program. The whole program we built for the first five years was all around confidence in the place of worship. And the idea is we paint a picture of worship leader onstage timid scared, doesn't feel like they have a voice can't have impact feels like they have to stand in the shadows of other leaders in their life, things like that. And he meant mentored people on how to step into a place of leadership as far as that goes, so every offer that we created was built around growing in that in that place of confidence. So that's what we want to really take a look at for your, even for your offer, is find more of those people that and this is, uh, this is gonna be a shift, this is more for your offer a shift from just as you described it, I do a little Bible study thing into your leading people to become more confident, and you start to have, and you start to own the fact that that becomes what you're actually pulling people into, you know, again, I could describe what I do as a little group where I help people to chat GPT, but nobody would buy it from me if I called it that. Instead, what I call this program is it's a program where I'm helping coaches, trainers and mentors scale their business to seven figures. So that is something that I've had to actually own and step into, versus just saying, you know, this is just a little group where we work on chat GPT and your Facebook ads. Nobody's interested in that, as much as that might be really what we do. And as much as what you might be doing for Rick Pitino all he did was he shared his half the time was just stories that he shared from on the road and being with people, the other half the time it was Bible study. So that's really what if he called it you know, join me for Rick's uncle Rick storytime and Bible study time. Like, he wouldn't have a multimillion dollar business. So we got to understand that. It's how we package what we're doing, amplifies the value. And then that's that's where the sales copy comes in, is describing it, Dan Kennedy calls it the legends and stories that we tell about ourselves. And how we talk and communicate what our value is to people is an important thing. And so the other part is, is that we want to make sure that you're embodying that confidence yourself as well, when we come forward, and that the first point of contact is in our Facebook ads, and our sales copy, feeling confident in the fact that you're leading people from where they are to where they want to be, versus, you know, this is just a cool like, this is just something I like I do on the side type of a thing to like pay. I'm stepping into a place of being being a leader that people look up to, and listen to, I'm sure you have different authors, leaders and stuff spiritually, that you look up to, as seeing yourself in that position. Now we can get really caught up as a side note, we can get really caught up in the whole like, you know,

[203:14] Speaker 0: religious

[203:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: side like side of that of, well, the Lord is the one that elevates no self promotion, things like that I'm not gonna get into that debate or conversation here, when I talk about is how to how to package it, because I know a lot of great leaders that literally won't follow our system because they believe it violates the Scriptures. And so I'm okay with that fact is that you have to communicate with people. If you if you unless you want to take 2030 years to reach the goal that you have, you can take 20 to 30 years to reach your goal going about it the sort of traditional ministry way that most people do. And that's where I think my mom and I have always kind of come in especially with ministry owners to say, Hey, listen, you know, yeah, that 2030 year path to to just barely gain a little bit of traction with your ministry core said, That'll work. That's great. And the Lord can amplify you to a huge level during that time anytime he wants. But there's also stuff that we can do to like, I love the phrase, like I will out promote my business like it depends on me and trust God, like it depends on him. So so like promoting our business doing as much as you can do, to put yourself out there to let people know about what you help people with is going to be going to be important again, I don't know if that's something that you're like have thought about during that process. But all of that comes into the sales copy that would that were that were that we're addressing here,

[228:36] Jennifer Knight: right? I'm really like, I do think my studies are amazing. I've been God has just brought me a long way in it right. But like yesterday I was you can

[231:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: bring it to you a long way exactly through. We're you've come that's exactly what it is. Yeah.

[233:45] Jennifer Knight: And I teach every week in front of people doing stuff but yesterday I wanted to do a real witch with a challenge for people and it took all I had to put that real out there. Because it was like, I felt all my insecurities just rise. And it was well received. There was nothing negative. But again, it's my confidence as well, like you're saying

[239:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, And so and so that's an important thing just to kind of work on yourself is that is that own self confidence, I'll say when it comes to marketing as a mentor, trainer and coach, what attracts people to us to become a paid client because again, we're talking about cash flow, is when people can see that you're that you're walking and possess something that they that they want to have, and that they would like to have a piece of in their life. And so that's a big thing. Now we just want to address like, even where those self doubts and stuff are, are coming in, in your own personal time, like what you know what those those things are. For yourself. Let's talk about though today is about sales copy. So let's talk about um, what what do you think and as far as your sales copy goes specifically? Well, I

[252:40] Jennifer Knight: was going to promote the freebie that I already have. But now you're making me think I need to redo a different freebie.

[254:31] Speaker 0: What was the freebie you

[254:45] Jennifer Knight: already had? On healing Scriptures?

[255:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah, yeah. So you again, you might be able to include that as like a piece of like a freebie. That's a thing. Every everything that you promote, that gets people on your email list, so healing Scriptures, what's the next step? Now that you want them to take with?

[260:23] Jennifer Knight: Either to join one of the Bible studies or to have them individually packaged, or as the group with community,

[262:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay? And are as inside of that freebie Is there a is there a call to action or promotion to join, I need to go

[264:40] Jennifer Knight: back and look at that and make sure but I was thinking about that as I was doing the copy.

[265:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so then what you might do is you might take still that same concept, rowing and confidence about what like God can do for people include that the healing Scriptures thing, when I will see that could be a bonus to a training that you could do, that you can put together like like a short, maybe a two part training series that they could download. And the goal of it is, again, there's a course in the members area called successful webinars and challenges, we break down as a three part structure. Anytime that you do a,

[276:00] Speaker 0: a presentation.

[277:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to start it out with casting vision for possibilities. This is all about vision for what God can do in their life, you're gonna spend the first 33% of what your offer is just talking about that. Just reiterating stories of how, like, what's possible for them in this, this is where you go through the Scripture part of it. And then this is where you really break down this final like 15% At the very end, what the next step is for them to work with you on and how to go to that next step. Now doing this, as you said, it's going to challenge all it will challenge any insecurities, any self doubt and stuff that you might have internally, but you'll be able to grow through that. And I think it's a powerful thing. To to, instead of avoiding. Oh no, I got triggered by that. I feel insecure doing this. I lean into anytime I feel insecure, by the way y'all like I get super insecure. Anytime I even do my webinars still to this day. I do I feel like nervous beforehand, I lean into why do I feel insecure about this? Anytime I flipped my perspective over the last couple years. Anytime I feel insecurity, it's an opportunity for growth, it's an opportunity to step to the next level, because I'm able to look at okay, what's going on internally that I'm feeling this way? And what is the story that's behind that? What am I trying to avoid happening? That's a real powerful question we can ask, What am I trying to avoid happening? And and, and then really, like, where did I first feel this way in my life? And that goes into, you know, process that, like we're talking about therapeutically and mental health wise, just like where did this this this route come from, especially if you're doing any sort of spiritual or Christian training, you want to find your confidence in the fact that you feel called to do this from the Lord. And not just in your own strength, of course. And so with that, it's also you know, your own prayers for healing come into effect anytime you feel insecure in this in this type of a process here. So

[312:33] Jennifer Knight: well, that's why I signed up for this group, because when you shared at your mom's event, I was able to understand all of your things you shared and I was like, He's overcome them. And I feel like I can learn from that. So

[316:29] Speaker 0: yeah, thank you. Awesome. All right.

[317:33] Jennifer Knight: I need to work on that before we talk about my copy. So somebody else has Yeah, perfect.

[318:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that's great. Lauren says which course is that? It's the successful one. webinars and challenges force that's in the members area. So we just finished that, like two months ago, I really

[322:24] Speaker 0: poured a lot into it again.

[323:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: The Monday trainings that we do those kind of cover and overarching of what I believe is going to help the group as a whole, we're putting together every single week there's there's trainings, there's courses. I think maybe one mistake in a program like this, people see as well. It's not what we're actively covering this month. So I'm going to just not go through it or things like that. The the like, right now I'm covering the five minute Content Creation Blueprint, and I'm doing the MailChimp training. The successful webinars and challenges course is specifically around what do you say during one of those presentations? How do you present yourself

[334:14] Speaker 0: in a way that and not like?

[334:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you wearing your background? Anything that I'm talking about the words that come out of your mouth? What do you say, to move people from just interested to becoming a paid client in your business. And so the successful webinars and challenges

[339:59] Speaker 0: right here,

[340:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: of course, that we put together in the members area, starts with getting people to actually show up to the event mapping out your webinar. Part One, two, and three vision casting right there. See, that was this first part, practical aspects of the presentation during the sales pitch, so Lesson three through five, and then follow up strategies immediately following that. So that one is going to be really good as far as putting all that together. If anyone's here today, you want like a bird's eye view of putting your best offer together. Again, six steps to six figures as a coach is the one that really breaks down identifying what that niche is writing your offer, copy, putting that landing page together, it's got to have a landing page that people sign up for something, promoting it selling and then analyzing that outcome, those six steps, break down into certain like nuances. So like step five, breaks down into actually doing the presentation. Step two breaks down into really identifying who we're helping, how we help them, why we're helping them and then communicating that with the written word in a way that's going to attract the right people versus just putting something out there that we hope is going to find the right people.

[360:11] Speaker 0: Um, but again,

[361:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm a firm believer that any work that you guys do in your, in your mentorship business is going to have some kind of a result for it. So don't, we don't want to get caught up in this idea of like, well, I'm gonna waste time by doing this freebie or that freebie like that, I think it's great to put out all the different freebie ideas that you have, I think that they're great. There's a most effective way of taking somebody from they don't know who you are, to become a becoming a client with you. And so you gotta you want to first find the people based around what is the problem that they have, specifically, and the dream outcome that they're looking for. So we lead with that outcome, and the problem that they have

[372:23] Speaker 0: those two issues.

[373:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now you get them in front of you, where you make a presentation of the dream, how to solve the problem. And to purchase from you the next step, which is your paid program. That's the process that's most effective today, of getting clients in a mentorship or coaching business. There's 1001 Other ways of doing it, they're all about 10 to 20 times slower, because they really require you, they all they all actually have this aspect of them in them. That's the thing. Like if you have a

[381:27] Speaker 0: freebie to download

[382:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: that has like prayers or stuff on it, you're still at some point going to have to pull those people and make a presentation to them of the next step. If you're doing a Facebook group, you're still going to have to pull those people to listen to you to to, to hear what problem you saw about your program and get them to trust you in your next step. Now, there's an anomaly that can happen, too. If you already have a whole group of people already that have been following you a long time. You'll usually get a good number of those people no matter what you have to sell because they already trust you. What I've seen happen is sometimes where people they already have like say a Facebook group of like 3000 people, they got like 50 sales the first time they launched something, and then the second time they launched something they got to sales. But it's because those 50 people already trusted them from all the other things that they had already done. Whereas those two people the next time around, is really the numbers that we want to get Because that's a sustainable business model of taking people from they don't know who you are virtual obscurity

[401:57] Speaker 0: to connecting with

[402:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: you, and then becoming a client of yours, pulling them in from like I just met you. And that process really is a nuanced process of taking people that have no clue who you are. Because here's the thing, even if you got a Facebook group of two 3000 people, at one point, those people didn't know who you are. So you got to bottle up that exposure into a smaller, compressed timeline. And it doesn't have to take years of trust building to be able to do that you can do so in as little as as two weeks, two to three weeks, you can do so in as little as even when you get really good at it. Because it's a skill set that you can grow in, you can do it in as little as one exposure, and 90 minutes, if we know how to deliver the presentation the right way. That's what my mom is really good at. That's what that's what, cuz she's been doing it for like 30 years. So she's gotten good at the ability to like, she'll meet somebody, 90 minutes with her, they're there, they're ready to spend 10 grand, they don't know who she is. And they're ready to spend 10 grand, right. And what's great is she delivers value with that she's not just selling crap for $10,000. So that's a skill set to grow into be able to okay, I met you as a complete stranger. And now you trust me enough to go make an investment of $10,000. That process, there's a science behind that. And that's what the webinars and challenges course is all about. For most people, most like 99% of people, you don't need to have like, the level of skill that my mom does at that, like she's she's probably one of the best I've ever seen. There's very few that are at that operate at that level that she does. But I believe that everybody who's here you can grow into where you engage with people, you get them on your list, you spend some time with them on a webinar, and maybe they don't buy initially, but they might the next month because they're on your list. Or they'll go through like a three day training or a five day with you. And then that builds trust with them. And they become a client of yours. I believe everybody who's here can do that as far as that goes. So what's the focus of today, the focus of today is how do we write that copy that actually gets the right people in front of us. That's what determines who's actually going to show up in front of us making sure that we're using the right words that describe what we're doing. So again, Jennifer, yours was all about, we were talking about the confidence and the journey that you've walked through a freebie around healing prayers may end up pulling in 98, and like 90% of the wrong people. And that's something to think about. We want to find of those people who are the ones that want to go to the next level. Like again, I'm really like, careful not to disrespect anything when it comes because I spent I've done a lot of work with ministries and Christians and stuff like that.

[451:28] Jennifer Knight: I did this healing thing before I started teaching. So it's what as I was saying it, I was realizing it doesn't connect

[453:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: well. And what I found is that a lot of times a lot of people they want something that's like a quick fix for healing internally, but they don't really want to do the long term work. Does that make sense? And so when you want to find the people that are willing to do that long term work to go beyond just five minutes with you, but they want to maybe start to do life with you for the next 12 months. And it sounds like you found about 10 people that who that is in your

[460:44] Jennifer Knight: and they're huge. They're cheerleaders, like Yeah, exactly. So

[461:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you found those 10 people, we want to find you 100 More just like that. Yes. And then and then 200 more just like that, because those are the people that you're that that are like you know, you might have 1000 people out there that might download your your healing freebie download. But you got those 10 What are their like you mentioned, confidence is their big, big thing. So that's the direction we want to pivot with our sales copy in our language is really like what are they going through and really start to get to know their story. Start to get to know like, where did they come from? That's a big one. Start to understand you those 10 people, what's their origin story? I always look at everything from a perspective of like, I love I love just fictional storytelling, the hero's journey. And it's like the origin story of you got those 10 people that are in there. What got them to that place? What, what like what journey had they walked through? I'll ask you this right now. What journey? What journey have you walked through up to this moment in time, Jennifer, that got you to the point that says okay, I got to figure out how to get more people into my Bible study, program and communicate that you You've gone through a long journey, yourself that's gotten you to this place. Mm hmm. Ups and downs, things, working out things not working out all that. So like, I understand that. And so how do I find 1020 30 More Jennifer's and Lauren's and Wanda's and Williams and people to, to get more of those people in front of me in my program, we want to just literally model that for you and yours, we want to figure out are those 10 people you got? What are their desires? Where were they at before they met you too? That's another thing to start to have a conversation with them? What were they struggling with? What was their breaking point? What was a breakthrough that you got them through by working with you. And now those exact words that they're using, you can bottle up into a 60 minute video training or a 90 minute, or like a three part, you know, 330 minute lessons that you could teach on that topic. And now that becomes your freebie. And at the end of that freebie, you tell them, hey, jump into this program, we're activating you for the next year to step into your breakthrough to go beyond just where we are today. Just and this is what I love to say, how do you take what we just talked about for the last three lessons, the last 90 minutes beyond just good information to actually practically apply it in your life. That's what my membership is. And that's, that's the language that we want to communicate with people. All right. So really, that's even less more about like sales copy more about how do we actually describe it and explain it to people as far as that goes. So you're doing a great job. I think this is great. I think this gives you some good like homework to go. Oh, absolutely. And chat. TPT is a great resource to play around with some of that on as well. So all right. Anybody else got some sales copy that they want us to look over to go over to look at here?

[513:34] Speaker 0: Sue, what's up Sue?

[516:18] Speaker 0: Hello,

[516:36] Sue McGarvie: working on it? Ah, hi. Can you hear me?

[517:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. How are you?

[517:58] Sue McGarvie: Great. Just just just tried to get through this. I was concerned. I finished your Dan Kennedy book. I've been playing with the AI. You know, certainly have I have a I have a 4000 person Facebook group. In fact, I have to 4000 people, Facebook groups. And I have I have a bunch of people that I've just finished a boot camp with. Yeah. And I'm pretty consistently stuck at 25 paying $250. You know, and it runs for a month. And then I take a little bit of time off, and then I want to run it. Yeah, I'd like to raise that from 25 to 50. Yeah, so ran all my original copy. And what I had been doing is what you saying the hero story? Lots of stories of and I do dating? Yeah,

[529:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: sounds like you're doing a lot of the right stuff overall. So I just want to like, thanks. I can see that.

[531:44] Sue McGarvie: Jeremiah, sometimes though, I get caught up in, I finished all of your initial stuff on the plane coming back from the Caribbean this week, and then got into your Facebook training, I got half of your first one and went, Oh my God, my brain is exploding. So what do you think I'm doing? Well, I think that I think, oh my god, I have no idea what I'm doing. But in terms of the sales copy, you know, I've running it through and what I had been doing is I've been writing stories, you know, I've been reading stories about people, you know about the examples of people because I've had like 50 love matches in my group. And I tell those stories about how they met, you know, how they had they both brought the same Costco, you know, pickle flavored salad and how they bonded over that. And everybody likes the stories and I'll do six or seven of them and say, Okay, now it's time for for, you know, our group. And I guess I need and I'm going to work on your the the actual training, where my funnel is different where it goes from a free webinar, which I'm not doing. Because I've sort of get 25 each round out of my Facebook groups. And so I'm going to start with the ads shortly to see if I can expand that

[551:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: question. Sure. What are those? Those 25 What are they paying for

[552:07] Sue McGarvie: that? Two for $250. Okay,

[552:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then what's moving those people? Is it the same 25 people every time

[554:48] Sue McGarvie: no different different people out of this, you know, but it's 25 out of the 4000 Facebook group. Yeah, that's

[556:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, though, because a lot of people jump into Facebook groups aren't looking to do a lot and I think I think I'm actually pretty impressed by those numbers. Oh, thank you. Yeah.

[559:55] Sue McGarvie: Okay. So I guess I'm trying, I'm trying to expand and I've got the next one. And I've done two of them. And I've recorded the like three of them, and I've done a recorded them. And I'm like, okay, I'd like to expand that. Yeah, and expand to a higher offer, on you know, sort of on the the incremental value ladder. And I wrote some I wrote the copy. So the copy seems to not be a problem, because it's bringing it in and putting some of it through chat GPT. And honestly, I don't think it's doing a better job than I am writing it.

[568:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Probably not. Yeah, at that point, I think I think you have a lot of the pieces already, let's put the puzzle pieces together in a in a better way, what I look for, which at GPT is discovering maybe what I don't know, at that point to what you might have fun doing, which adds up to is taking your copy that you have seen, there's like a word or two that maybe explains it better. We had talked about last, like I think two weeks ago, how sometimes like, if you can use language that's at a fourth grade reading level, having it maybe rewrite something at like an easier to read reading level can be a good thing. Just adjusting like one of those words are too so it's better and easier understood. That's a way that you can do that. One question that I have. So those 25 people walk me through the process of they're in your Facebook group. What what's the process they go through from joining the group to spending $300 with you?

[584:57] Sue McGarvie: Well, I engage on the Facebook group a lot and lots of reals. Lots of stuff going on. And I'll start posting a posters saying coming soon, the new singles bootcamp is starting, you know, mid November, and here's what we're going to do. And I start promoting it. And then I'll do all in the group. And anybody who's expressed an interest and I'll ask them to, you know, to send me you know, an expression of interest, just DM me if you're interested in I get all their email addresses all their contacts, and just start every day giving them the daily stories of here's who's met. Here's how they did it. Yeah. And then I'm, you know, and then I asked about by the, you know, I follow up with the Dan Kennedy, right, right. You know, sort of jab, jab, jab, then strike, right. So every fourth time I asked them, are you ready to buy, and here's your, Here's your pay button at the bottom. And, you know, with about a three week lead time, I feel the group, we start it, I run it for four weeks consecutively. It's it just finished it last night on Wednesday nights, and ready to do it again in a few weeks as I start the process again.

[601:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Okay. And so you're getting new people in that each time. So then now how are those new people getting exposed to you?

[604:14] Sue McGarvie: Same thing, these are people who have been watching me from the wings of the Facebook group for a while. Okay, I haven't been advertising outside of the Facebook group or at well, that's not true. I have I have a an email list, it will go out in my newsletter as well. So but as people who know me already, yeah, I'm very sad. I'm the Facebook ads, once I get through your training on Facebook ads, and figure it out, which is my commitment over the next month is to learn that. But that's, you know, but if I but if I but I have these people who've gone through it, and I need to get up the value ladder. And I'm again, looking at sales copy going. Are you training? And that was my question. Are you training Allah, Dan Kennedy? And to do more that, are you saying? Or is it really just learning to write better prompts, so that the AI can give me more options more quickly?

[618:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: The prompts that I have that are in that prompt document, did you go through?

[619:27] Sue McGarvie: I did, yeah. They're helpful.

[620:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: The final prompt of like, write this as a storytelling prompt, that kind of like, the way that I love to do for any sort of a, an opt in offer is always like, Are you struggling with XYZ? I understand how either and then it's usually a story of how you've helped somebody or walk through it yourself. Both are effective. So and then an invitation to solve that problem for them. And then you kind of break down what it is of like how you describe that. So the landing page blueprint course that we have breaks down how that breaks down on a landing page and opt in page. Okay. And so when we run a Facebook ad, you got to send people to a page on a website where they fill in their name and email address or some kind of if you want them to join your Facebook group. We have seen a little bit of success with with this. Let me just show you something here real quick. So this is the I'd say they still have it up. This is a client that I worked with. It's more spiritual related related stuff, Christian stuff, but what they had was So right here, this is an offer with some sales copy right here for this, this button, because you can't run an ad straight to a Facebook group. But you can run an ad to a page like this. And the next button takes them to a Facebook group.

[644:12] Speaker 0: Right? That's one

[644:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing that you could do if you just want to filter people into your Facebook group, as far as

[645:52] Sue McGarvie: I know, what I want is I want to filter people out of my Facebook group into a paid users like what you said to Jennifer, right, it's just I want to say, you know, got the Facebook group, and effective mins we're spending 40 hours a week just cleaning up that group keeping, you know, you're getting out of it. And it's a big cost in terms of that kind of time. I want to monetize it. Yeah. So yeah, so it's, it's grown exponentially. I have a website, we're about to launch a, you know, a new dating forum that's kind of fairly different, and all of that. So people can buy membership and people buy, but I really, but you're about learning how to take people who you have either have an audience or cold, and turn them into clients. You're just trying to learn, and I think I think you're good at it.

[659:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what I want, what I want to do, though, is here's, here's my thing with that, as I don't want you to reinvent the wheel too much, because I think you have something that's working, then we can, we can, because reinvent the wheel might work worse than what you're hoping. Like 25 people buying the $300 thing in your group like that's, I want you to sustain that, and then amplify that to a higher level of maybe 50 people, people, and instead of reinvent the wheel, and now you only got five people because I've seen that happen before, like, I It's always easier to improve something that's already working, then reinvent something brand new. Okay. And so let's take and filter what you're doing any of the trainings that I have through the lens of what are you not currently actively doing right now that we could do more of? There's something that's happening in the process of here's what I want to look at is there's a few stages that I'm that I'm unclear on. Are you getting a lot of new people into the group somehow that have never met you before?

[680:42] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, yeah. It's a it's a robust group, because they're coming in through your newsletter. It's a public Facebook group. Yeah. So because it's so public, and because it's so active, I think the Facebook puts it at the top. It's for singles over 40, which is, you know, in a specific niche in, you know, in a city. So it pulls people in and it grows. Just in one city. It's in one city.

[688:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Interesting angle that you might be able to have some fun with.

[690:02] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, no, I

[690:14] Speaker 0: am in another city.

[690:49] Sue McGarvie: So I if it's ready, and I started one in a different city, it's not growing anywhere near as quickly as the one that's growing in mind. And again, it wasn't supposed to be a thing. I just started to help some clients of mine, and it blew up. And it's become the hungry fish. Right that everybody's interested in it.

[695:21] Speaker 0: Yeah. Wow. Yeah.

[695:49] Sue McGarvie: So it's, it's sort of, you know, wasn't my core business? It was related to my core business, but it wasn't my core business. But it's it's taken over the planet.

[698:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Because what we're looking for is, again, they want connections, making connections with people, and then learning how to,

[701:21] Sue McGarvie: well, they're all there. They're all over 40. Stuck. Sick of dating, Online Dating isn't working, they want local, they want veterans they want I've ever have an age near they'll tell

[704:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you there's a ton of people out there like that. Millions.

[705:31] Speaker 0: And so

[706:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what I here's what I told one of my clients, one on one clients, I'm just going to kind of take this from a perspective of like, if we were having a one on one coaching session together. I would I would tell you this because I always she she had she was like I got like 20 people that are coming in, she worked for a resort. So the resort was giving her new clients every month, but she still had to close them on her services. So they would basically pre sell people. So she had a captive audience of people that wanted to improve their health. Right? She didn't have to, like find those people they would be placed in front of her. And then they would buy a $10,000 program from her and she'd get like a couple every, every week. From that what I told her was we want to bottle up that experience of them making the decision to improve their health and the decision to work with you bottle that up into a shorter amount of time. So they don't have so that you don't have to be creating all this content and doing all that and, and juggling a whole bunch of plates and doing all that figure out and it's all about bottling up the trust factor of it trusting that you can deliver the result, I think you got some great mechanisms that can do that. So let's not remove those. But rather, how do we now pull in at scale 500 to 1000 new people in front of you every month. Great question. That's Facebook group of, of 4000 people. Okay, if we get 1000 new people in front of you. It might not like the first month out might not turn into like new sales, but like that's going to compound really well. Okay. For my for this business, I'm adding about 500 to 1000 new people to our email list. And so I'm doing that with these trainings that solve a very specific problem. One aspect of what we solve for people like how to run your Facebook ads, how to host a webinar, How to Cook create a course, from scratch, how to come up with an idea for a coaching program, how to adjust your sales copy. So that's like one aspect of what we teach here in this program. But that's what I'm putting out there in the public as sort of like my bait, so. So we want to identify like, what's the best bait for you, that you that is just going to have, like 1000s of people start entering into your ecosystem as quickly as possible. And that's what we want to advertise out there to the public. And it might be two or three pieces that are different from each other.

[748:41] Sue McGarvie: That's true, because they all want to know where where do you meet people, if you don't meet them online, they all want, Jennifer says how do you become more confident, I'm terrified of dating, and they all want to make sure they don't make the same, make the same mistake and pick the same, you know, failed relationship over and over. Those

[752:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: are two, those are two offers you can create right there to get people on your email list. How to know where to find people so that you're not dating the same old? The same old busted frogs every month? And how to not repeat the same mistakes and your previous relationships? And actually, like how do you elevate yourself to a level to where you're not in the same crappy relationship every single month, that alone would be an offer that people would sign up for to learn from you. And then say, Listen, we got a community we built, here's a Facebook group jump into it. And now they're in your nurture ecosystem, right? They're pulling them in from you made a connection with them, again, sounds like you're delivering this content in the group already. So what I'm saying is, let's even pull some of that content from your group, and put it into Hey, you got to register for this. And I'm going to teach it over the course of 60 minutes. Or I'm going to teach it over the course of 90 minutes. And then we have people that you've never met before they're not in the Facebook group sign up to actually listen to that as sort of a like, I always think about it from a perspective of like when you go to Costco and they're like, you're try this, you know, this cheese or something and you're like, oh, like, like, that's really what that's really what we're doing is we're basically we treat like Facebook and ads are like the Costco. And we're like the person saying, Hey, over here, I have something that maybe you're wanting, right? And then the algorithm finds the people that actually have that problem for us. You get them in you show them Hey, like, here's some real value. And here's the next step to continue this beyond what we talked about today. And so that's what that's what the whole like offer cycle is. Now when it comes to our sales copy and our ad copy. What are those words that describe maybe one of those offers based on a hook like that? So not? So this sort of really two things that we're looking at? We got your paid offer? Sounds like to be honest, 25 sales, you're getting that you said you ran that through chat? GPT not a lot of improvement to that I believe it I would honestly keep that where it's at. I would keep your paid offers, copy where it's at. But we want to look at as let's adjust. What's that first point of contact sales copy. That's really what I spend the most amount of time around that lead generation sales copy because that can be the difference between it costs $15 to get somebody versus $2. Right, is that lead gen copy? Because now you got you you kind of have a whole system that's working once you just filter more people into it and you can optimize it and stuff like that, for getting them to pay for your training. We just got to get more people in front of that presentation that you're doing as far as that goes, so,

[802:02] Sue McGarvie: okay, so just spend the time on the initial sales copy, run it through the chat GBT, make sure my landing pages tight. And learn those damn Facebook ads so that I could get it down to to the Facebook ads

[804:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: basics course is going to be the one that you'll want to check out.

[805:44] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, I honestly I have been honestly on it all morning.

[807:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Trying to tell people like if you get stuck, you gotta like just breathe through it. Oh, yeah. aside

[808:59] Sue McGarvie: for that, it's not stuck. It's more like, What do you mean, there's a difference between a manager and an ads and meta and it's the moving part mostly. What

[812:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: they Facebook, for as big of a company as they are. has designed to their product horribly. That's the That's what it is. Like, they're like they like Like, they're they don't have a well designed product. That's what really the problem was. It's not easy to use, it's not intuitive. So it's like, it's confusing from the get. And there's not really any way to make it less confusing. So that's why the course that basics course, at least I try my best to make it as simple as possible.

[822:24] Sue McGarvie: There were a couple there were a couple of really good hacks, you know, type in the actual business slash select and, you know, get there, start with that those that was really helpful, like, learned that there was a route don't go to admin, like the Facebook Ads Center, which is where I've been going,

[826:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, what's not even the right ads manager, which is so funny, right? Which is

[827:59] Sue McGarvie: silly. So that's so I'm gonna, I'm gonna spend the next week learning it and next week's class when I'm on, I'll be like, okay, Jared, yeah, my, here's where I'm at. Here's the next piece. So

[830:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll, you'll find, like, a lot of people wonder they're like, you know, I see this constantly happened with people is there where you're at. And then it's like, that's, that's why the program is more than just like, a month and you learn everything and fire hose it and all of that. Sometimes like it like takes, okay, let's work on one aspect. Let's identify that let's get get that working, and stuff like that. And that's where you'll see the growth even month after month here on this program is to where like next month, I found this happened with Facebook ads with people, specifically Facebook ads, it's overwhelming day one. Three months down the road. We got people they're like, you know, it's so much easy. It's so easy. Now I like I know, the ads manager like the back of my hand. So I've heard that from people too, as well. It gets easier. It's it's designed by computer nerds that have no idea how to make things intuitive for people. And so I wish it was I wish the ads manager was easier. But it's it is definitely a challenge. That's why I say to you could hire somebody to help you put some of the ads together.

[849:46] Sue McGarvie: Okay. Well, thank you. I look forward to I appreciate your time. Sounds great. Yeah, yeah.

[850:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So just back to the sales copy aspect though. Identifying like you mentioned one of those hooks. How do you stop repeating the same relationship mistakes that you've made over the years, really kind of dialing that in? Putting that into maybe the chat GBT prompts and seeing what kind of like, offer ideas it comes up with and copy ideas around that one specific topic?

[857:12] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. I did something simple. I did how not to date jerks. And boom, it's through. Yeah, yeah.

[859:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you're really good at even just, you have a natural Knack at coming up with great ways of communicating stuff. So keep it up to, Okay, keep doing what's working. And then let's optimize it to make it better.

[863:22] Sue McGarvie: Well, I'm in it. I've committed I've paid your money. I'm in your course. So you'll get to see my happy smiley face is like, yeah, as we try this, and we'll we'll let we'll figure it out. So thank you.

[866:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. One thing Facebook, they do with ads, they're a little bit. Like, again, if it's sexuality related or dating related, they may block the ads. But if it's relationship, connection related, improving relationship improving stuff like that, you'll be fine. So it's like finding the nuance of the words that Facebook approves? Yeah. Yeah, I always say what the ads go out there with like, what you want to do if they deny the ad, then tweak it. One, one thing we've had a number of people tell me they're like, I don't want to run my ads and I want them to get disapproved. Don't worry about that. If they get disapproved, you can always go back and tweak it from there, but I would rather them tell me they don't approve the ad then be afraid to put something out there and, you know, so that's just another side note. Okay, thank you. All right, Adele, what's up? Adele?

[881:33] Speaker 4: Can you hear me? Okay?

[881:46] Speaker 0: Yeah, how are you? I'm good. Thank

[882:33] Speaker 4: you. So I'm just multitasking here just back from work trying to make the dinner look after the daughter multitask. And but I've been working on a new landing page. And yes, this is my third attempt to try and launch. And because I've been in here for a year, I keep evolving my offer. I've actually no, I've no pivoted to new idea, because I've been in here for a year, and I've been watching actually observing how this group has been functioning. And I actually think that my coaching certification that I did in another container, which is all around being, you know, supporting people with trauma. So I got this great idea of like, launching like a holistic course, which is kind of like your course, you know, like a business kind of like a business course, but putting the whole trauma elements into it as a starting position. Because I know myself that the reason why I haven't been able to launch is because I haven't been able to shift, this whole fear of visibility, this whole toxic shame after the narcissistic abuse. And it's, it's an I really think if people and I've sort of been picking up that other people actually when they, they really, really want to go and do stuff when they try to go into it. When they try to go and do it. They're held back. And you know, I'm following a lot of other coaches, I'm following a lot of their landing pages. And actually one of the coaches that I follow, she actually launched a very similar offer this week, and she did it in conjunction with a trauma coach. So she's work. She's like a business strategist, she's brought this trauma coach on board, and they're releasing this, this offer. And I was like, Oh, my goodness, I could do that. Like I could. So do that, with the knowledge I have from this group. And the knowledge that I've just learned from the other coaching qualification that I've just spent five grand on. And I think it's really, really aligned with where I am right now. Because it's only night after really working on my trauma, and really working as to working on a lot of the mindset stuff that you've got in your in your container as to why can I not do these things? So I've put a landing page together. It's not it's not finished. It's not perfect, but I wouldn't mind you having a look at it. Yeah. Can I share my screen? Yeah, and I'm having real problems with Squarespace. Every time I try to go and look for my site on Google, it keeps saying that it's not secure, because I haven't got that little security thing. And then that's why I had to like try to go to GoDaddy to get the security thing. And GoDaddy won't let me transfer the domain and it's really melting my head. But if I can share my screen, I'll just take it up.

[923:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: To I know you don't need to try it. I had commented back to you on that this week. Yeah, I saw. I don't.

[926:00] Speaker 4: The thing is, though, when I put my when I put my domain into Google, it's like I can't see it on Google Chrome. It keeps blocking it. And it keeps saying it's blocking it for security reasons. Yeah, because there's no five drop the link in here. I don't think you'll be able to open it.

[930:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, just to share your screen. Okay, take a look

[931:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: at a couple of these things for you. A few stuff I will mention Adele. Great. Yeah, I think that what you've identified is really an incredible

[934:32] Speaker 0: like what to build your program around Yeah, is there a bot that yet so let's take a look at your own journey here real quick. Yeah, offers that you've signed up for that got you to realizing where you're at.

[940:56] Speaker 4: Yeah, so as you know, I can't I came into this coaching container after a horrific narcissistic abuse relationship. We went on the journey where I thought that was going to be my niche. And after doing a lot of market research and speaking to a lot of people that also tried to sell that niche and were not able to scale it to high ticket because it seemed to attract a lot of people that wanted to stay a victim and did not want to spend the money to I really don't want to like niche myself down into this very narrow area where I'm constricted and I also I've created a brand for myself I'm calling my brand noble soul because I want to be able to put a lot of different i one kind of bring like kinda like Soul work with like lots of different types of offers. I want to put an offer I yes I will put an offer out around narcissistic abuse in the love area. But I also want to put money because the the trauma work I did the course I did also, we part of the course was all around money trauma. So that's a whole nother niche that I could put an offer on. So I wanted to have like a brand where I would have the flexibility of putting lots of different offers I in different niches. I did not Wanna like pigeonhole myself in? I just do narcissistic abuse? I want it to be wider than that. Yeah. So So yeah, I've created a brand. This is my brand name. I've done a lot of work on what the brands are buying. I've got loads of ideas about what it's a bite, but it's going to be kind of like the fundation of like, you know,

[966:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: twice if we can.

[967:05] Speaker 4: Oh, yeah, sorry. Yeah, yeah, typo. Yeah, and I would

[967:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would underline this as far as who it goes because we want to, here's the problem that I'm looking at here is my eyes are getting stuck scanning this. And also, we want to make sure there's some consistency with when you do a headline and we want to keep every first letter capitalized. So that's making it a little bit hard to read.

[974:30] Speaker 0: Okay, um, so do you want me

[975:52] Speaker 4: to did you say, not capitalize every letter, every Word or

[977:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Word in your headline? I would capitalize every word. Yes. Okay. But

[978:10] Speaker 4: should I shrink this headline down into like, a more succinct title?

[979:13] Speaker 0: Well, here's,

[979:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's where what I'm looking at here. It's

[981:02] Speaker 0: it's going it's it's, as an offer goes.

[982:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's going in three or four different directions. We got six figures in a business, social media overload, not having the reputation and then we got the emotional trauma we got the having been in a toxic relationship, all that so what we want to do is we really want to hone in on like, something specific out of what this is for, for people, we want to get specific in the direction that we're aiming otherwise, you'll you you're not going to get a lot of people registering for this the way it is right now.

[992:11] Speaker 0: Does that make sense?

[992:44] Speaker 4: Yeah, so at least so I just want to focus on people like me, who really want to who know what they need to do to to launch their business, but they're stuck because of trauma.

[997:41] Speaker 0: So this is good right here. Yeah,

[998:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: this right here, this headline right here.

[1000:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's way better than this one does. Yeah.

[1001:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does that make sense? As far as, as far as like, who it's for what it's for? What's stopping them? Yeah, so and what's what what we might also think about is

[1004:36] Speaker 0: describing it in a way that

[1007:01] Speaker 0: we talked about last week, speaks to like a fourth grade reading level, there's another thing that we want to do.

[1009:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, sometimes sales copy can get really, like word soupy or it's just a bunch of like buzzwords all on a screen and that doesn't mean anything. Where Yeah, it doesn't mean anything, it doesn't have as much impact it like it sounds good and artistic to us writing it. But when it comes to the other person reading it, it becomes a lot more difficult to to look at okay, so let's take a look at

[1020:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, so this is like we don't we want to make like not use words like juncture ah, um steeped, hurdle like different things like that as well.

[1025:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's where so when you're writing sales copy, you're not wanting it's not going to necessarily sound like you as a writer. You want it to sound like the inner dialogue of the reader itself in their head. When they're reading, you don't want 99% of your sales copy. You don't want it to actually sound like you

[1032:01] Speaker 0: how you would write. Okay. You want it to be the inner language that that the prospect is having.

[1034:21] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay, so what we're looking at is as you described

[1037:07] Speaker 0: I wouldn't even mention social like social media overload, or tickle that lives in our second or tech tech skills. I like

[1039:56] Speaker 4: it copied that from your offer. I just copied that from your offer. So that wasn't even really mine that was like, I don't even know why I put it there to be honest.

[1041:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, no worries. So that's where that's where I'm kind of going over this with you. I love what you described, verbally to me. Are you? Are you an entrepreneur who knows what you need to do in your business? But you're stuck because there's underlying trauma that you just can't seem to break past? To take action? Yeah, no, you could make six figures. But every but every week, you're you're seem to be hitting a brick wall of procrastination. And talking yourself out of your next steps. Yes, that

[1050:04] Speaker 0: right there sums up. Yeah, that's it, what we're looking for.

[1052:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: As far as that goes, and then really like leaning into

[1053:35] Speaker 0: that, as far as

[1054:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're a brilliant entrepreneur, but what's going on inside your head might be stopping you more than you realize. And there's just, there's just a few simple moves that you can make that will finally help you break through to six figures. Your breakthrough awaits. Kind of like reading it. So like what I'm doing right now is go back through the recording. And yeah, watch back through what I'm sharing here. Yeah. And then I like this file.

[1063:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, this should probably go further down the page, but I like how it's written here.

[1064:42] Speaker 0: Okay, let's remove this

[1066:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: section from up here. Okay, and go into this right here?

[1067:05] Speaker 0: Are you going to continue letting your emotional baggage of past trauma?

[1070:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, sources weigh you down limiting your business potential?

[1070:38] Speaker 0: Let's be like,

[1071:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you going to continue letting what's going? What? Are you going to continue letting your emotions and past trauma stop you from reaching your goals in business? Yeah, are you ready to finally take action? Because that's really what it is, are you ready to finally take action even in the areas where you previously felt stuck? Mm hmm. To reach those goals that you have in your business.

[1078:18] Speaker 0: And then you can say, this is where we

[1079:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually make the connection immediately after you say those questions. And that's what's lacking right here is

[1081:29] Speaker 0: I know what it's like to

[1084:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: have ideas for a business that I know could make money. And yet, when it came to actually putting them together, what was going on between my two years was the biggest thing stopping me.

[1088:01] Speaker 0: It's been a long journey. But it's been the most valuable journey. And I've learned lessons along the way

[1090:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I want to pass on to you so that you don't have to repeat the same mistakes. I did. Yeah, see? So that statement right there, after you say, are you ready? Are you going to continue doing this? Are you ready to break free, you shift into,

[1094:21] Speaker 0: I've been there too. I've struggled with that. And I've come out the other side. And so then, like, again,

[1097:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: so a lot of this is like it reads really well if we were like writing a nonfiction novel, or a book or a blog post or a social media. But for a sales copy, it's kinda like, we get lost in sort of the, the really the beauty of the language that's here. Like if I was reading this in a book, it's beautiful language. It's like well written, I love it. It's captivating all of that. When it comes to sales copy. It's the complete opposite. Yeah, so what we want to do is we want to just really kind of get specific as to be able to borrow this further down. Say it's time to make a decision to step into the other side of your breakthrough. And that's where the magic happens. Join me for four days as we as we break off the shackles that have been holding you back. And I'll walk you through stepping into new realms of possibility to start to reach those revenue goals that

[1113:29] Speaker 0: you have. Yeah, this is more than just let me see.

[1116:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would drop that. But I like this right here that you ended it with. Are you going to continue to have the same path are you ready to step into

[1117:51] Speaker 0: the realm of not true masters?

[1118:58] Speaker 4: Because you see my brand is going to be all about soul mastery. It's all going to be like that. Mastering your trauma mastering your mindset your

[1120:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: brand is gonna come through in your in your content, not necessarily your sales copy.

[1121:54] Speaker 0: Okay, so

[1122:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: will you continue? So I like this question where you can then continue down the same path are you ready to step into

[1125:06] Speaker 0: finally, Second, keep going, making finally making progress

[1127:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: and seeing those six figure results in your business. Like it's really it's getting specific and actually talking about what we want, what they're gonna accomplish. So instead of realm of true mastery, like actually describe what that is taking action on those business ideas you have and seeing six figures become your reality.

[1132:29] Speaker 0: Yeah. And then what you can do is some of what you have right here mm

[1137:49] Speaker 0: just want to copy this. And to do you have a chat GPT account logged in? Me? Yes. Okay. Oh, cool.

[1142:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You got the dolly three beta. Otherwise, you can upload images to your chat GPT and analyze them now.

[1144:09] Speaker 4: All right, what is it what is I haven't heard of the dolly,

[1145:13] Speaker 0: dolly three is, generate me an image of someone stuck at a crossroads. Trying to find which path to take from behind the person. One side is a storm. The other side is sunlight and happiness.

[1152:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is a brand new feature in chat GBT that not everybody has, but they're rolling out over the next week or so for everybody.

[1154:39] Speaker 4: Or if they're really good if it could do like a fifth, like it's a like a Facebook banner, and all of your landing.

[1156:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now this is not a plug. It's actually an official feature of chat CBT that they're adding. Not everybody has it. Adele has it before even I have it in my account.

[1160:41] Speaker 4: I've got it before.

[1161:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Look at look at what it just generated graphics for us.

[1162:15] Speaker 4: Wow, that's amazing.

[1163:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chart, GBT just created these images from what, from what we just described.

[1165:03] Speaker 4: actually feel like I'm actually there on myself right now if I don't get this off, right.

[1166:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've seen this might be a great visual even for your landing page. It's not extra either. Ave. It is it is part of chat. GBT

[1168:38] Speaker 0: plus,

[1169:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is pretty cool. So um, and then you can also import images and it'll analyze the images. But yeah, that's just a side feature that I was going to say it's under the drop down here. When shall see dally three in there dally three is the image generator. And it's probably one of the highest quality image generators out there. Now. She's cool. Otherwise, if you go to the chat with images, use photos. So you can have an analyze like any photograph now as far as that goes, but let's take your copy here. Rewrite the following.

[1179:38] Speaker 4: So I have got chat GPT setup as you know, as per your, as per your instructions tell, tell it that you're basically sending Krakowski, it's already set up in the settings.

[1182:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's interesting that whole

[1183:27] Speaker 4: talking like your mom. Yeah.

[1184:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why not? Sometimes when you want it to rewrite stuff, you want to turn that off. All right, yeah. So that's good when it's like it's it's writing some of that content. If I'm telling it to like rewrite this copy,

[1188:53] Speaker 4: rewrite like a fourth grade reading level. Yeah, that's, that's the thing that Abbe suggested to kind of bring, bring everything down to a more simplified language. Sometimes

[1191:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: things don't always go as planned. People might not be nice to you, you might lose money in your business. And this might be overwhelming or I changed the words from sad and worried, overwhelming and devastating. Do you want to stay in the same place you're out? Or do you want to step into your next level of breakthrough? One path might be easy, but it won't lead to the things that you want. The other might be a bit scary, but it's going to lead you down into venture to actually grow your business to be happy. So like this is let's funny it took your copy and just really sort of Describe the hero's journey, which is really hilarious that I had the visual of this behind it because Chet GBT interpreted your copy as that exact visual of this right here, because that's what I was thinking about when I was reading your copy was literally this image right here. Yeah. So it's saying, people are sort of at this crossroads like one path might be,

[1207:28] Speaker 4: to be honest with you, the coach that I kind of took the inspiration from her offers called the crossroads. That's what her offers called, I took her offer, put it in the chat GBT and kind of said, Look, can you make can you write rewrite this from my brand. And that's kind of what it came out as. So it's kind of like taking her idea. But putting, it's not like stealing her idea, but it's kind of like doing it my way. That's an inspiration

[1214:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: for that. This is really interesting. So like, I'm going to be playing around with Dolly three. As far as this goes. Look, I took its copy of generated and I told it to make me an image based off of the copy. This is a really fun way to like create, like visual stuff. I'll tell you everybody who has charged GPT Plus, you're gonna get this feature added to your chat GPT.

[1220:29] Speaker 0: Soon.

[1220:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: They they have it right here where it says everybody is going to end up getting it. It's they're adding in the image features and all of that it's coming to everybody's account. But look at you could edit what those words are in Canva or something

[1226:04] Speaker 0: even. Yeah, wow. Yeah. So

[1227:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: that even took your sales copy.

[1228:46] Speaker 0: That's pretty cool.

[1229:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's where that's where, like for some of your copy, taking some of what you wrote here,

[1230:50] Speaker 0: which is, like, let's ask it like, what is the grade reading level of this text?

[1234:55] Speaker 0: Has complex vocabulary? I don't have to. Gotcha.

[1236:53] Speaker 4: This text to be high school

[1237:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: 10th to 12th grader in Yeah. So which is kind of that's what that's kind of what I was I was sensing was this is very, like, it's it's heavy language. Yeah, really, like simplify it down to just very easy to read language that. Yeah.

[1243:10] Speaker 4: laser focus is the problem. Yep.

[1244:24] Speaker 0: Tired of ringing in the New Year with. So again, I would even

[1245:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: drop this section right here all together.

[1246:43] Speaker 0: And then this is really pulling them into taking action. It's a precise roadmap. This is good. What you have right here, that reads really well.

[1251:37] Speaker 0: Again, we may want to reword this a little bit.

[1252:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we're gonna crack the code on this. The rest of this flows pretty well, as far as that goes for your copy. It's just that big action that we want to we want to tweak based on what I would have recommended. Yeah,

[1257:00] Speaker 4: so I've given myself like this weekend to get the landing page to get the funnel completely finished. And then I need to get on to doing that. So I'm really dedicated and I am finding it hard to find time during the week for my daughter's sporting events every single night. But I'm trying to I was I was asked to go to like, a whole prophetic conference at the weekend. And I was like, No, I'm not going. I'm working on my business. The funnel is getting done this weekend. So everything that's not related to doing the funnel is getting rejected, because I'm like, That's it. I'm really doing this night.

[1265:07] Speaker 0: Yeah. Sal is up and running. Yeah. So

[1267:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that DNS doesn't seem like it's like

[1268:48] Speaker 0: yeah, so you'll want to get these the DNS records to actually read

[1270:54] Speaker 4: that so is that the problem? The DNS,

[1271:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, the DNS isn't connected to the right stuff.

[1272:17] Speaker 0: I don't believe so. How

[1272:38] Speaker 4: do I do that?

[1272:59] Speaker 0: You did that in GoDaddy?

[1273:46] Speaker 4: I do that in GoDaddy. Okay. Yeah.

[1274:21] Speaker 0: This company they have a problem right here to some of those Yeah,

[1275:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you'll you'll want to go through

[1277:11] Speaker 4: See what I did I say I bought a template of somebody. So it's like a kind of like, I bought a website templates, which had a long sale page already. Hey, so I don't know

[1280:16] Speaker 0: if that's complicating it. Um, it might? I don't think so.

[1282:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I what I'm what you might want to do is disconnect the domain name again from Squarespace and start over again trying to add it to GoDaddy. And you might want to even give GoDaddy a phone call because they they might be able to help you with some of that.

[1287:17] Speaker 4: Yeah, I did actually give them a ring. And they said that you definitely, I can connect the domain, but I cannot transfer it until 60 days once I transfer it. But to TC see the way you know the way websites have that little lock thing?

[1291:27] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, that lock. But that's I'm saying you don't you won't need to transfer it. Because every time

[1293:25] Speaker 4: I try, every time I type my web domain into Google on my phone, it just comes up like

[1294:57] Speaker 0: that comes up like this. Yeah,

[1296:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's probably it. Well, that's that might be because the when you type it in, it's only pulling it up without the HTTPS on the link right there. And again, I think that has to do with the DNS not being connected more

[1300:14] Speaker 4: than I do. Okay, maybe that's the problem, then I might just disconnect, reconnect it and fix the DNS. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks. So after I've fixed the wet landing page, once I get it as good as I can, I'll stick it back in the chat in the group theater. Have fun. Yeah. That's okay. Sounds

[1304:54] Speaker 0: good. Sounds good. Ah, Edna. What's

[1306:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: up Edna? Oh, by the way,

[1307:11] Speaker 0: on eBay, so Dally. It stands for it means something. It's da l l. E. So I don't I don't know what it actually means. But it's there text to image

[1311:43] Speaker 4: solid. E San Salvador Dali. Painter.

[1312:49] Speaker 0: Yeah, no. No, no, it's

[1315:49] Speaker 0: it stands for.

[1316:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, it is a blend of said yeah. Salvador Dali. Oh, can Wally. Yep. No, you're right. It was just something fun like Wally, but dally like Salvador Dali, you're alright. Okay. Cool. That's literally what Google says that dally came from the name of

[1320:39] Speaker 5: before you answer a nice question. Here is a 10. Second break for everyone. So we congratulate you, Jeremiah. And Abigail on your marriage anniversary. We still took place. Yes, yes. I'd be mad.

[1324:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, thanks. We had a great we had a great time. We were at the fair in Dallas. And then we went to a great dinner. So all right, Edna, what's up?

[1327:33] Edna Harding: Okay, so I do have to leave here by 1147 24. So I'm going to try to share my screen will be able to share Okay. All right. So I'm working currently working on my offer after my training intensive that I'm doing and I pushed it back to November 1 week in November. So that's the one where you know, successful entrepreneurs and leaders who are achieving all the accolades but still unfulfilled. So that's my first one is prosperity blueprint. Then I was thinking about, okay, how can I simplify it? Because typically, I do one on ones with my clients. I haven't done group coaching yet. And so I'm trying to make it like, because I usually do business, or executive life coaching. That's what I That's it. That's what I typically do. So I'm trying to figure out what would be my next step for these people who join my prosperity blueprint intensive. And so the second step that I was thinking was, this is the cool yeah. Oh, I'm sorry.

[1345:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm tracking with you. Okay. No, first than that one right there.

[1346:33] Edna Harding: Yeah. So achieve with authenticity, divine purpose strategy. So I help them know themselves on a deeper level and identify their purpose, then the next upsell would be that is not at you know, your purpose. How do you design a life in which they can supply they can support their purpose, which is all the extra stuff. And then the last one would be my one to ones or will a group coaching with one to one more one to ones and no more searching life blueprint where they have access to all my courses that I have mind, body, soul of business, spiritual relationship, finances, plus, they have mentorship plus one on one coaching and accountability to navigate through different challenges. So that would be like my higher ticket item. So I broke it down like that. I just want to get your thoughts. All right.

[1358:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: My only thing is is we're between one and two.

[1359:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, so is

[1360:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: having those two levels until you have like a couple 100 people in one of those levels I'd be careful having two levels

[1363:24] Edna Harding: oh I wasn't gonna do it yet I was just thinking like long term like how oh

[1364:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah but long term I do like I like achieved with authenticity I'm not so sure on divine Dr method okay and you might find from those who join achieve with authenticity a better name for that level or even a better name for the one on one coaching later as far as that goes and then the other thing is is I really like when it comes to like one on one coaching is I wouldn't for me personally I wouldn't brand one on one coaching with like a program name personally okay, I would just do it like

[1375:00] Speaker 0: the ad not hurting private client one on one coaching

[1376:23] Edna Harding: Okay, okay. Or like call it private

[1376:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: client well I

[1377:12] Edna Harding: guess this would maybe this might not be even be a one on one coaching maybe this could be more like kind of like a membership almost where it's like a after they've gone through that like it's you know how to have they have access to courses and all those things as are do you you're saying it's too much I'm trying to figure out like how do I yeah I guess format my offering so that I've not the one on one takes up a lot of my time.

[1385:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let's let's let's just take a step back from like how what we've done that's been successful. So again, like with Rick Pino, we did the worship coach program. And then he did Rick pinos inner circle is literally what he called it, it was a 10 day program. Yeah. And then he pivoted, he did a business one,

[1390:15] Speaker 0: I think he called it like,

[1391:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's funny him and I sat down for 30 minutes doing what we're doing right now. And we landed on I think it was just like, Kingdom wealth accelerator is what we call it really came up with like AWS or something like that. Yeah, it was like he wanted to, like identify like, that's what it was helping people with. Um, my mom, she has her she calls it her stocks investment Academy, my mom keeps it real estate. That's why I still I thought about throwing around like client growth accelerator renaming it. But we still I like the name client growth accelerator, because it's like clients growing accelerating their goals. So that's why I decided to even keep that name, client growth accelerator. Even though I tossed around like three times changing the name of it to wealthy coach blueprint or wealthy coach academy or things like that. Because whatever you're selling to people, you want people to like, really, before they buy it from you. Your goal is you want them to see you like themselves inside of it. So like, if I think about this, I always think of it from like,

[1409:19] Speaker 0: car, like cars, like,

[1410:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: like when you're selling an automobile, is people like what gets somebody to invest 40,000, even as high as, gosh, new vehicles like 90,000 for a

[1413:52] Speaker 0: think that's crazy. I did not want to spend 90,000 on a vehicle, but

[1415:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: people have to see themselves sitting in the driver's seat. And like what it's like experiencing that. And so the name of whatever you're paid program is you want them to sort of like see themselves like, Okay, I bought this, this is the program that I'm in this is what I'm entering into. This is what I'm stepping into. And it's sort of like it's a combination of like an identity statement mixed with the outcome that they're looking for, which is why I really like your achieved with authenticity, one a lot. Oh, that really embodies that that name. These other two don't necessarily embody that as much. So like if he was authenticity, love that. For some kind of like a, and what would you be charging for that?

[1427:40] Edna Harding: I mean, it's gonna be a 10 to 12 epoch I was gonna do 2000 or 14. Yeah, that's great. Something like that.

[1429:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Between 1002 grand for that, that's great. And then yeah, if you do like, like a next level above that, that's a 10 or 12 week program. That might be a year long for like six or 7000.

[1432:45] Speaker 0: Um, and then do the one

[1433:28] Edna Harding: on ones.

[1433:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and then do like private as far as that goes. Yeah.

[1434:40] Edna Harding: Okay. All right. Um, that wasn't really because I was just trying to flow map it, you know, just I forgot. Okay, how, how am I gonna do it? So that's good. I'm currently just working on achievement, authenticity. I just wanted to kind of get my thoughts out here to what your thoughts are?

[1438:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think. So. Action Plan know themselves design a life So, again, I'm almost seeing like number two and number three, even the same combining with each other a little bit as like that

[1442:10] Edna Harding: funny thing you said that because originally that was the plan. So it was supposed to be 12 weeks. So here's my overall like goal. So like the overall purpose of that particular one. So despite remember, high achievers, still not fulfilled, so deeply know yourself and identify your God given purpose and execute them. This is simplified write and execute the first two steps of your personalized action plan. Or I could just say, create an action plan to actualize that purpose, all within 12 weeks, or longer,

[1451:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really like to do and here's something that I'm noticing with your copy. Uh huh. That I, that I.

[1454:04] Speaker 0: And I don't think you would have noticed this right away. This comes from just me doing copy for so long. As I'm noticing that a lot of your words you're leading with,

[1457:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: what the action they're going to take is and what they're going to start doing versus outcome. We want to talk about the outcome. So if they execute a two step program, in less than 12 weeks, let's talk about what is that outcome, deeply know yourself, identify your God given purpose.

[1462:16] Speaker 0: And

[1463:05] Edna Harding: what this was for the what if I separated it, so it would just be great and execute or create a personalized, let's say executed?

[1465:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what would be the dream outcome that even if only 1% of them achieved it? What

[1467:00] Speaker 0: would happen?

[1467:48] Edna Harding: Direction clarity. They kick because a lot of times what happens is a lot of like, my clients would get rid of things that were no longer relevant, now that they know what they're supposed to be doing. And it's challenging, because some of them walk away from you know, their awesome lucrative career. So it's like, it's, it's really like,

[1473:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: but then what comes on the other side of that?

[1474:58] Speaker 0: fulfillment, happy

[1475:15] Edna Harding: joy, peace. I, it's mostly joy. I mean, I only think, because my clients are so happy, they're not maybe they're not making that much money. Or maybe they are making a lot of money. But then they add this additional thing. And they're just, there's just so much more happier with their, with their life and their lifestyle and their family. It affects their family in a good way. So it's just a lot of it's in, I guess, tangible and intangibles. It's both internal and external, it affects the way they look at life and how they live life.

[1485:37] Speaker 0: Yeah, let me try something out with Chet GPT here. Okay, so if I'm gonna pull this up

[1489:12] Speaker 0: and finally have a blueprint to achieve lifelong fulfillment, peace and joy that you've been searching for.

[1491:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, not judging that in a way versus execute the first steps of it,

[1492:47] Edna Harding: got it? Got it. Okay. Now I see what you're saying is like, you know,

[1493:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going to find you're like, This is the process, but then we want to, like, again, we know that it's not a finish line, but people need to anchor in your copy, some kind of a perceived, like, result or resolve. Yes, some kind of a like, Okay, this is what it's all been for. This is what it's all for, type of thing. And so Oh, this is actually really good. And finally have sustainable inner peace and fulfillment that you've been longing?

[1502:21] Speaker 6: Yeah, versus like, the one offs? Well,

[1502:57] Speaker 0: then you could say, Yeah, instead of instead of just tiny moments of fulfillment, have your life be something you can truly be proud of? Okay, and what did

[1506:14] Edna Harding: what so what did you do you just like put it, you just whatever, I'll go back to the replay.

[1508:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I went to the chat GPT. And so 20 statements that are related to lasting inner peace that we can use if we want to package it as some kind of a desired outcome. Got it. Okay. So, by the way, you guys like this is another sort of like way of prompting. If you're like, you know, what you do is a little bit more intangible. Yeah, I'm Chad GPT. And I always have a generate, like 20 versions. Yeah. Because then I read through these and I kind of combined a few of them and came up with what I just told her. But the idea is to look at like, what is that sort of finish line again? We know by working with you that that's really just the start of their journey, but people they've been on their journey so long. So you gotta reverse it into what they're thinking themselves. of, okay, I'm finally going to step into this that I've been wanting for so long. And now the other thing is, is you can even then get even more specific with it like, you know,

[1525:34] Speaker 0: still create have

[1526:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: a great income great money but also

[1527:24] Speaker 0: have the life you've always wanted. Get your life back while still having the success. Like that picture.

[1529:58] Edna Harding: Yes. Yes. A more of a holistic success. Nothing missing nothing broken. Every everything. You know. It's working. No, I think that's I think that's very helpful. Now can I kind of have an idea? See your screen again?

[1533:37] Speaker 0: Oh, I don't know what happened. Oh, go

[1537:41] Edna Harding: with this kind of show, I was trying to shoot, like visualize how imagine a life where every business decision, every relationship, every act is fully aligned with divine purpose.

[1545:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, like that's, that's really good. How that's written there. Again, I like a lot of the way that you've written your copy. Let's just take a look at we want to, we want to write it from a perspective of where's that sort of finish line that we're leading them to that

[1548:27] Speaker 0: outcome? That goes,

[1549:11] Edna Harding: so I'll, I'll work on my actual like, landing page copy. I would just trying to like brainstorm a little bit here. Yeah.

[1550:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then the other thing that we want to be careful of is that we again, we don't have too many programs that we're sending people to. Yeah, initially, because I have found that like, if you have more than one program to send people to initially, they won't buy anything. They won't buy either program. Oh, yeah, they're gonna like, just have one. Just have like one thing, fill that up. And what I've always looked at as, okay, we have this one thing, let's fill this up. Once like, we feel like, okay, it's overflowing, we've reached the capacity of that you sort of overflow into a higher level group. Got it? Okay. That's why, again, like, accelerator right here. Yeah. Because, you know, we haven't, like, reached the full capacity of what, for me to have a next level group in here, because I still think that we can deliver a lot of value at this level. So

[1565:17] Edna Harding: yes, okay. So let me just summarize what you just said. So go ahead and combine the two. So not just the Know your purpose, know yourself, but also create an action plan and make that my first offer. And then my second offer could be the, I guess, a year long program? Because that would that's a shorter version than the year program. And then after that, the one on one.

[1571:59] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay.

[1572:50] Edna Harding: Perfect. All right. Sounds good. Thank you.

[1573:28] Speaker 0: Yeah. I'm

[1574:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Laura. And I see you on here, I saw that you posted something in the Facebook group.

[1576:27] Speaker 7: Yeah, I'm just getting started. So I'm taking in all the information and going through the courses posted. So my specialty is aquaponics. I've been teaching it for a while with schools and individuals and people who are homesteaders and want self sustaining lifestyles. So trying to design a program or coaching mentorship, where I can teach the that expertise to people who want to be more self sufficient. But I don't know where to start. So I started here with your I watched I went through the six steps. I'm the one that you told us about earlier in this program. So I just finished that yesterday. And then just kind of started so middle of the weeds, but

[1591:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well let's take a look at this here. One thing we might want to look at is again, and I see you're sort of

[1594:52] Speaker 0: I can tell you we're

[1595:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: listening to the content really well which is great. Let's let's stop sharing your screen too, if we can.

[1597:07] Speaker 0: Edna. Want to do that? Oh, there we go. Perfect. Okay. So

[1599:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing that we want to look at is

[1601:37] Speaker 0: Big Picture. A topic like

[1603:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you have, can go a lot of different directions. And it can take a while to gain traction for it to like turn into a business. So that's where if we can dial in, as you put here, like on the second half of what you wrote, get maybe a little bit more specific towards people that are wanting to do this for a very specific purpose. Like you said, nutritionist Yeah, you said a large percent of them don't have a lot of funds to invest. So they might want to learn from you, they'd be interested in content, but honestly, they're probably not gonna be buyers of stuff, put out content and stuff for those people. We have a great lesson, by the way, that's coming up in the five minute Content Creation Blueprint, all about using AI to brainstorm ideas for your content. But I like what you put here nutritionists, people who are in the health and wellness space, who want to improve their health, and they don't want to be they don't want to be buying food from the grocery store. Especially, I mean, such a great argument for that as like, do you really long term trust,

[1621:02] Speaker 0: you know, somebody

[1621:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: like Jeff Bezos to keep your food natural, long term, I don't. The fact that he owns Whole Foods, like it's like, okay, that's might be a great company today. Let's see what it is 10 years from now, because I don't I again, I could be surprised. But people need to start learning how to grow their own food, even my wife, we were talking about that like growing our own food and stuff like that, and our own and our own garden. Also, you might look at creating a community of people that might like work together a little bit of even like what Sue was doing with even like the dating side of things, to where you have people that like, share ideas together and brainstorm. But I also like, people who are battling maybe autoimmune diseases, people who they don't want to rely on supply chain or grocery store. So again, what you're looking at is you're looking for people that they want to have more control over where their foods coming from. But they also have the finances to invest into how to put it together, you may add a piece of your business to where you might even be able to sell like equipment and stuff as part of it, because I know people will have to buy a lot of different like pieces of equipment and things for some of that stuff. Yeah,

[1642:54] Speaker 7: on my website, I put a free offer for a DIY, build, like build it yourself, where they can go to Home Depot and get the name and just build one in their backyard. But the so there's a guy who would be considered, I guess, my competitor, he does that he builds kits that they get. And so

[1648:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know that a lot of people, that would be a good angle, a buddy of mine, he created an offer in this market. And him and I went back and forth with it. And it was he landed on like helping people just get the soil right. Like how to get the soil down so that it grows better. And and and that's what he liked. He created this whole like thing where he would walk you through getting the soil to where it would yield more crop. And that was his lead magnet offer that he would walk you through. And then he would sell. He was partnered with different equipment manufacturers, he was also a consultant to a number of different equipment, companies and stuff like that as well. He made a lot of money in the legalized marijuana space, because there's a lot of money to be made in that. And he had years of knowledge, doing it illegally, that he was able to translate it. Illegal business, which was really cool as far as that goes. So like he was able to, but he sold it as like this, let's get your soil right type of a thing. And what's the right soil for people that wanted to learn how to do that. So there's that one side of it. Um, I want to like take a look at here if we take your copy here

[1667:43] Speaker 0: into chat GPT. And here's a prompt that I like to use as far as like, offers go, what are 20 ideas for a free three day seminar based on the following content ideas that people might invest and register for? Brains brainstorm different types of people markets and ideas. So this is really like where the beauty of chat GPT can come into brainstorm some of this for us.

[1678:33] Speaker 0: Oops, let me see something. No, I want to turn that off. Sorry it was going based off of something else that we were we were running earlier

[1683:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep urban gardening farm to table families gardening for seniors let's

[1685:13] Speaker 0: see can you generate me 20 possible titles for the seminars?

[1698:46] Speaker 0: Homeschooling might

[1698:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: be an interesting market for you

[1699:56] Speaker 0: families that are homeschooling, that'd be a huge one. I'm like even these two right here

[1707:47] Speaker 0: so you could do a project

[1708:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: for kids, you could do

[1710:38] Speaker 0: this one's interesting right

[1710:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: here, healthy soil healthy family and guarding against like chemicals, generate a sales letter for a free webinar.

[1716:53] Speaker 0: So those are like a

[1717:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: few ideas as far as kind of taking your topic that you know about.

[1718:24] Speaker 0: And going beyond that, and getting a little bit more specific as to not just like,

[1720:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're going to be gardening, we're going to teach you this, like, what's a certain group of people that's really wanting to learn this type of stuff. And dial dialing into like certain sub niche topics of this the science, the nutrient boost beyond pesticides family first. And so like, what that's doing is it's going, it's going deeper than just what we have here. Especially, I wouldn't lead with cutting down the cost of like their grocery bill, because you're wanting them to make an investment with you. And so you don't want them to be like you don't want to attract Uber like cost conscious people. Because, like, my wife would want to buy a training. But it's not because she wants to save us money. She wants to improve the quality of our food and create something to connect with my son as he grows up as he grows older to to have better food for our family. But it's not a cost saving side of things, for instance. So that's where like I would take a look at

[1737:55] Speaker 0: in your copy here. diving a little bit deeper into

[1740:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: who were looking to help and what like their lifestyle is, again,

[1741:31] Speaker 0: you would probably

[1742:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: attract people that have more of like disposable income versus like people that are necessarily like struggling financially, it's what you're gonna want to look for. The other thing is, is what are 20 possible related topics that I could teach or mentor people on that are related to the above topic

[1750:51] Speaker 0: basics of soil science, composting, irrigation techniques, natural pest, that's an interesting one.

[1753:46] Speaker 0: natural pest control, like dealing with that, like that, that, you know, would be an interesting topic. Um I don't even know what some of this says now.

[1763:43] Speaker 0: So like, what you might do too, is you might pivot your brand. In the direction of I was just thinking

[1766:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the gardening is one side of it. But you might also talk about like

[1767:43] Speaker 0: how to have more natural products in your home, how to move away from like, how to have like more of like a chemical free lifestyle in your home, how to have more more organic

[1771:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: products overall that you could create versus just the gardening side of it. So that would be expanding beyond just this topic. And this becomes maybe one aspect of what you mentor people on. That's sort of like a holistic, kind of like homesteader family type of a thing. So those are, those are some ideas that I would say, to explore and look at, what do you think about that?

[1778:02] Speaker 7: It's great. Yeah, I'll keep dialing, like zoning in on the niche to find out

[1779:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and so remember, this niche is about who we're looking to reach, versus what we're teaching, it's always about the type of person, then you pull backwards as to what does that person want and desire, versus what your topic is. Now we want to find, okay, who would want this type of a topic, and start to get more specific, and we want to find and identify who has the expendable income, to be able to make an investment, or they're looking for some kind of a return on their investment. The other thing too, could be the just another flip side of this, people that are wanting to start their own local, business growing and selling natural food products, things like that. And so now that would be a completely other niche, if we're talking about that, because now you have more of like a business type of a focus. So we always think about, whenever anybody makes an investment with a mentor, with a coach, something like that, everybody's internally thinking about, Okay, what's the payoff of this? I'm going to invest 500 or $1,000, here, what am I going to get out of that? And when they when the perceived outcome is greater than the financial exchange, it becomes a, you know, not even a question, should they jump into it. And for lack of a better word, it becomes like a no brainer type of a thing. Like, of course, I have to jump into this. So like, you always want it to get to the point where with your offer, and your copy that that that fit and alignment comes when it's like, Oh, of course, this is exactly what I need to where they almost like the person would actually question their own sanity, but to ignore what you're offering. So it's like a flip of like, instead of trying to convince them, that they should work with you, it's a flip side of the person. And this goes for everybody who's here, when you're writing your copy. Like the person would literally be like, Wow, if I ignore this today, I don't know if I would respect myself fully. As far as that goes to where it's altum Utley called that people would feel stupid saying no to your offer. And they actually feel really smart saying yes to your offer. So a lot of times when we're writing our offers, we're trying to convince people, oh, this is a good fit for them. When we want to really flip that to where the person it's so obvious that it's a good fit. That to ignore, it would be the most obvious wrong choice. And that's where we lead with our niche of who first, who is that person? What are their problems? What are their desires? What are they dealing with, and that's where to, if you find I would love for you to find like 50 to 100 and maybe there's some Facebook groups that you could do this in 50 to 100 homesteaders or people that are maybe wanting to grow their gardens and things like that. And figure and like figure out like what is your biggest frustration with growing your own food and then figure out like copy those answers and create an offer around like that one thing that they're all the most frustrated about. Because then that's what it's a it's a hook that attracts them. It's a again, it's your baiting and we think of it like fishing, you got a fishing line. You got to put the bait that the fish actually want on there for them to bite the hook. Okay? There's not Like, it's so funny, because it's like, some of the terms when it comes to sales copy, like seem like, so violent, like, you're gonna hook them with something, but it's like. But like, that's really what it is like, it's like, Okay, here's the bait, this is what people want. And then you're reeling them in with building trust that what you have to offer is, is the is the most obvious choice for them to work with you better than anybody else. And so that's what we really want to dial in, who is that person? What are their desires? What are they struggling with? And what's their ultimate goal that they want to get from working with you. And then you package that into something, and that's for everybody here. And you want to use very simple language. You want to use very easy to read language. The easier to read the better because it's, again, you're mirroring their own internal dialogue. Most people's internal dialogue is a lot simpler, because really our, our, our internal dialogue, we're not filtering it through what other people think about us. We're just having we're trying to get to the outcome as quick as possible internally. I was talking about this about to my mom the other day, she was like, I'm so curious, looking at my son Halston, like, what's his internal dialogue like? And I'm like, Well, I wouldn't say there's even words to it, there might just be shapes and feelings and ideas, you know,

[1863:40] Speaker 0: because like, as he's

[1864:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: referencing, the word hook and magnet were tough for you. It's one of the, as he's like, thinking of different things, you know, like, a lot of what we think about in our brain, it's all just really based off of feelings, past experiences, and things like that. And all of that comes together to create decisions that we make. So that's what we're tapping into with good sales, copy and advertising, as we're tapping into that internal dialogue. And we're basically putting ourselves in front of the right person, at the right moment in time to say, Hey, have you been trying to figure this thing out, I have a solution to figure it out for you. And then that's what attracts people to us. And that turns ultimately, into a paid program

[1877:19] Speaker 0: for that. Now, sidebar to this, you could go crazy.

[1879:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Trying to figure out what the best option is for that, because there's always going to be five or 10 different options and ideas. That's where we got to just pick one of them,

[1881:44] Speaker 0: or two of them.

[1882:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's where what I like to do for that for me, honestly, it's like, take some time and prayer, go for a walk, meditate on it, whatever you got to do. And really feel out like are these 10 ideas? For me, it's more of a feeling from these 10 ideas, which one do I want to put out there that I really would be excited to put out there that I think would work and you're not ever going to feel certain about it. But you might feel better about one idea than maybe eight other ideas. And then that's how you can pick the idea of what to launch with the test out.

[1890:46] Speaker 0: You know,

[1891:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's that was always when I when I created my first my first course that I put out there is called website building made easy and actually sold pretty well when it first launched. Because it was a Squarespace course it's still a really good Squarespace course it's in the members area. But I mapped out like 20 ideas for classes that I could do. And at that time, I wanted to make sure that I wasn't doing anything that was like competing with what my mom was teaching. And so see what she wasn't teaching Squarespace I came up with these. And that was the one that really I landed on was like, I can teach how to make Squarespace websites. As far as that goes, then it was like, you know, I'm going to teach Facebook ads and stuff like that. And that's where, like we've pivoted in that direction to where I'm teaching a lot of the marketing and the sales copy and all of that. But when I started I was like, Okay, here's 20 ideas that I could teach a course on. I needed to just pick one. And I remember my wife and I remember we were sitting in our, in our car, we were in her Jeep Wrangler going to dinner, and I mapped out the 20 ideas. And then I was like, Okay, three of these, I really feel excited about the other 17 Not so much. So I deleted the other ones off the list and really just spent a week thinking about praying about those three ideas. And I landed on the website building one. The second idea that I came up with, which I've actually never put out there, but it was an idea that I had was how to do technology for people over the age of 55. It was actually the offer idea that I had come up with it was something I'd never actually put out there. But it was an offer idea that I that I had had was a that was the other idea that I was like should I go this route or should I go this route. And my wife was like, Don't you let's not pigeonhole yourself just in the over 55 crowd, let's focus in on something that a wider range of people can be affected by. And that helped us make the decision to go with the website building course. So like on my own journey, that's how I decided what my first offer was going to be. As far as that goes, that took about two weeks to do. So, again, we want to think about who do we want to impact. If you're stuck with like five or 10, offer ideas, narrow it down to three, sit on it, sleep on it for a couple of days or weeks, you know, and then whichever one you really just feel the most the best about. You're never going to feel 100% about it. But run with that idea and just see what the marketplace responds with. Because what's cool is that once you get the feedback from people, it's funny, I launched the fifth, I launched that website building course 100% of every person I launched it with was like, Yeah, but I want to learn Facebook ads from YouTube. And it was so funny, because I was like, oh, but my mom teaches Facebook ads. I don't want to do that. And I finally was just like, my wife was like, Yeah, but like, you know, it's been two years since you've worked with your mom. It had been two years at that time. And I had had a I had had a contract with her was like for two years, I couldn't make anything that was competing with her. Once that contract was up, and I had honored that I was actually really and it was cool. My mom was like, I'm so excited. You're putting the Facebook ads course out there. Like it was like, like she even like gave her blessing on it and everything. It was really cool. And so it was like that was the next progression of what I had done was that and then after that I put together irresistible offers, because I identified when people need an offer before they need ads. And that's what really like, like, that was in two January 2021 I launched irresistible offers. So my first three courses website, building Facebook ads, and irresistible offers those three together, honestly, still to this day, you could build a whole business around going through those irresistible offers is in the members area, I still highly recommend people go through it, it's a great course.

[1954:08] Speaker 0: Then I realized, okay, people

[1954:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was offers for everybody's business. So then I niched down in 2022. By getting feedback from people, to coaches, trainers, mentors, authors, thought leaders, entrepreneurs, basically people who are like my mom, Rick Pino, Danny Johnson, that I had worked with, because I realized, okay, my track records in this realm. It's also because I had a lot of people calling me they were doing calls, and they wanted me to teach them e commerce. And I'm like, I'm not an E commerce expert. I like the like, like, you know, I could tell you a few things about ecommerce, but it's not really my lane. And that's where I pivoted towards what I felt the most confident in is this that we're teaching here today. And so from 2022, to today, the last year and a half, you know, just dialing in, I started with everybody on the internet, creating a website, then everybody running Facebook ads, and everybody had to create offers. And then I narrowed it into coaches, trainers, mentors, and authors, you know, and now and then from there, I narrowed it into people that want to like, use social media, the internet, and people who want to do group coaching versus just one on one. And people who want to do webinars and grow their email list with these lead magnets that are really effective, you know, I'm noticing we're really leaning into more of that lead magnet side of things. So I might make an offer about starting your coaching business. But what I'm really going to teach you is how do you create that lead magnet that's actually going to get those clients to you. And that's, that's sort of like the natural progression that I'm seeing in my own business. I started over here, creating websites and Facebook ads. And we've pivoted more towards like, really optimizing the best lead magnets and sales, copy and offers for coaches and mentors. So that's where you might see you might start with aquaponics, you might start with, you know, finding your purpose, you might start with, you know, teaching people how to create apps online or real estate or things like that. But you'll end up paying attention to the feedback that are coming in from people. The what people are actually asking you for help for. And then that starts to naturally over time actually develop out what your offers and programs are. Because when you start having like 50 to 100 people asking for the same thing. And then those same people are getting results. Lean into that. And that's where things really start to explode and get more profitable. That's what we had done with with Rick Pitino. We started with basically every Christian who loved worship. That's a lot of people and then Once you wanted to write songs, and then we pivoted towards those who had already written the songs but struggled to actually get their music out there and that's where it became a million dollar

[2002:29] Speaker 0: a month business for him.

[2003:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Dialing that in? Ave says thoughts on Eventbrite, Eventbrite, is

[2004:13] Speaker 0: we've used it.

[2005:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know George Ian has liked it for different things. It's an easy to use platform to like get people to sign up for trainings or events that you do. They have the all the registration stuff built in there. They have the Facebook pixel stuff in there. You can also Yeah, look up what other people's interests are and stuff like that. Eventbrite is actually a pretty cool resource, like you said, even for doing some market research.

[2011:53] Speaker 0: For sure. Very cool.

[2013:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Yeah, I'm looking here, even like different offers two day training right here. You can see different offers that people are putting on Eventbrite. Very cool. Yeah, that's a great, again, another resource to kind of find what's out there, either in your local area or the marketplace, in general.

[2018:26] Speaker 0: Look at that, Ave, you're

[2018:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: coming up with different resources now for people that are even like, able to help them with different like, market research and dialing in their messaging and things like that. It's very cool. All right, everybody, well, hey, I'm gonna log off here today. This has been good, we've had a great time going over this content, the copywriting, um, a lot of the psychology of our messaging is even what we've been talking about today. A lot of like, what do you actually make your offer? You know, I actually, this was something that I spent some time thinking about is more so than sales copy is like we're starting to help people really identify like, what are the best ideas for offers to put out there too. And so I can see that this was a natural version of that was what we kind of went through today. So this is great. This is awesome. Thanks, everybody, for being on here today. Again, keep posting in the Facebook group. Keep asking, asking questions, and I will see you all on our q&a call here on Monday. Have a good one.

