VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-12-19T22:40:29.000Z
Duration: 102 min
Otter ID: s61I3lHmPL5poa8A3b7F27twbMo
---

[0:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right let's go V RP V RP

[6:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: people are coming up on here. We're gonna go live in the accelerator group. We got people in the the waiting room right now. Oh, right. Let's see, let me check something recheck is the mic working? The mic is set up all right. All right cool, awesome

[16:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right everybody. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome into the VIP session, how are you today? Welcome back today, day number two, hope you're all doing well hope that we we made it you know very clear again, like I said, the biggest thing is, is that getting your offer copy, starting there really is the process of developing out an effective offer to reach your clients. As far as that goes, a lot of people think that you start with all this other stuff that is going to take time, that takes a lot of effort. And that's not the that's not the effective way of doing it. And so it's better to start doing things, even with the habits in the beginning that you're going to be doing as you grow. And every time that I've coached people, I always coach them on this, it's also one of the most resisted things that people have, they're very resistant to it. Because they believe well, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna do it this way, the way that I think I'm going to do it, I'm gonna put my lessons together and all that, and I'm gonna start there. And then I'll eventually start putting my marketing together. And I just, I never, first off, you're not going to serve your clients well that way. And the marketing is not going to be at the level that it needs to be. And you're going to be spinning your wheels, and you're going to be spending more time and you're going to be working harder than you need to. And again, like it's one of those things, it's like, you don't know what you don't know until you know it. And then when you're on the other side of success, you're like, Gosh, I wish somebody told me this. This is literally one of those things that everybody says that once they get to the other side of it yet when they're beginning, they're like, wait, I'm not sure if I can do that. And so it's so it's very interesting. It's one of those things, it's like, when you grasp this, and you start with the sales copy, and we start with that is how we develop everything out. That's what's going to produce success for you. So I want to take this time right here. And I want to either work with you with your sales copy, I want to maybe address any questions, maybe you got some problems or issues or something with what I said today, maybe there's an area that you might be stuck. And I want to give you some clarity with that as well. And another thing that we did, and this is just for everybody, we're going to have some fun tomorrow, as I actually made a post. There's a post in the Facebook group right now. And I'm gonna go in here and I'm gonna use this little tag right here, where you go at every one. Let me see that lets me do it. It doesn't always let me do at everyone. No, I think it's because I already did that. Oh, no, there it is. Everyone, post your niche, who you help, how you help them, what results you deliver below, okay, and so during the live session tomorrow, we're also going to take some of these these ideas, some of these niches and we're going to we're going to work on them together as far as the coffee goes. All right, so it's going to start by same format as yesterday, raise your hand whether it be on the the physical camera screen, if you can't find the Raise Your Hand button, there should be a raise your hand button as well. And then what we're going to do is we're going to work with you through the individual areas where you're at with your business. All right. Who's gonna go first here today, Benjamin, what's up, Benjamin?

[75:29] Speaker 1: All right. I guess I have I don't even know which questions I should start asking.

[77:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's pause there. And that's a great thing to say. There's no bad questions and I love that because here's the thing. I'm gonna go out on a limb another Many soapbox here real quick. We live in this world. And this society makes people think that you got to ask the right questions. I like to actually have people ask whatever question they have, and then we'll eventually get to the answer they're looking for, by working together and going back and forth. And so one thing that I'll do is I'm never going to make you feel silly or stupid or anything for whatever question you have. There's nothing that's too beginner, or too advanced or anything that I'm not willing to, to answer or address. And that's something a, I'm confident, because I've just, I've taken so many questions from people I've not, you know, I feel I feel really, like comfortable just helping people where they're at. And so if you're stuck on something, you got a question, or it's gonna help you ask him.

[92:09] Speaker 1: Okay, well, I, I've, I said before, I actually did do a workshop where I'm at in South Africa. And my goal was to do it in the life purpose coaching, sub niche, specifically for Christians. But you know, the other day, someone, you know, prompted me with the idea of, you know, you could do two different flavors, you could do one for Christians, and one for everybody else. But something you had said at a previous event that I like, week or so ago, was that the spiritual niche, and the the life purpose stuff is one of the hardest ones to package with a tangible result, I guess, was kind of the idea. Is that something, you know, what sort of ways does it get packaged with a tangible result.

[105:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the way that it gets packaged with the tangible result is you got to figure out like, what people actually want. And the core of everything that we're teaching these five days is really, it all starts with knowing what people want. The second part of it is, is that we have to, no matter how much level of success we have, myself included, every every while I do know some coaches, they, I helped them kind of see this because they thought they knew everything about their market, we have to become super curious about what our clients want. And never assume that we actually know everything that they actually want. Which is why I'm so open to people asking questions, because I'm like, it's, it's, there's there's always a new, tiny, nuanced level of information that I can learn about my client, even after being in the industry for years. And I think you get better and better and better at it. You know, it's kind of like, you know, the older you get, how often do you learn new things or see things that blow your mind. Whereas like, my, my one year old son, like, everything blows his mind, because like, he's just never seen the world all ever, you know, period. So it's like, in the beginning, there's a lot that we can learn. But even as you grow, even if you've been coaching for a while, there's always stuff that you can learn. And here's, here's the reason, the, the defining factor is something that I call people on the internet. So people on the internet that you meet, that are actually going to

[133:59] Speaker 0: sign up for something, okay, so they're going to, they're going to register for something. So generally, every everything is based on some form of registration. Okay, so they're registering in some way, for something that you have a value for them. Okay, so we all understand that that like that, that's the basic way of putting it. Yup. People on the internet that are out there, you haven't met before. And now, of course, there's people, they're never going to register for anything. I see them there on my social media, they watch my posts, they do all that, but I never actually see them on any of these live events. They might be great people. They are great people, right? Everybody is is is awesome and unique in their own way. That's not what we're talking about here.

[145:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: The people who actually then register for my events, that's who I'm really wanting to become curious about. What do they want? What do they desire? What drives them? What motivates them again, back to those smart market diagnosis questions, is like really learning that like if I could sit down with every single one of you, Benjamin if I could sit down with you for two hours and we just had a great conversation. And it was just like, talking about everything about your life, your business all that? A I would walk away with because I know how to ask the questions and I've been doing it a while I would walk away with a lot of really tangible information about a what your goals are and be we would connect well better and see you would walk away with a lot of value as far as that goes. When it comes to the scale of building a business online. We don't have two hours per person that gets in Hold them. And so what we try to do is we want to find a group of people to where it's called the one to many model, one person spoken to many, we're essentially speaking to one specific type of person. And we figure out what their desires, what they want more than anything else. And so then we ended up going into a stage called pattern recognition. And the pattern recognition is identifying of all these people, if I got 100 people on a call with me, if I had 1000 people this year on VIP calls with me, that's about how many that we've had that have joined different VIP calls over the last 12 months. What patterns? Do they all share? Sure, they all have differences. I mean, not a single one of my clients is the same. They're, they're so unique and different from each other that I work with that that is what makes me curious. But what I'm looking for is what do they have in common? What do they share? Do they have the same wants the same desires in certain areas, again, every single person that I work with, wants to grow their email list and get more sales with either a course or coaching program. Okay, that's basic level one right there. A lot of the people that I work with, don't feel confident enough to actually launch something out there that it's going to work and produce sales. So a big part of my job is a to actually help build your confidence and to then give you the strategy. So your confidence isn't rooted in some sort of puffed up false idea that isn't going to work, but it's actually rooted in real skills and proven techniques. So as part of that, what we're looking for is understanding what people want more than anything else. This is why I bring it right back around to when selling like anything that's spiritually related.

[192:15] Speaker 0: That needs to be very clear, easily understood by the prospect in your messaging within just about 10 seconds of meeting you, within just about 10 seconds of landing on your your landing page. And it needs to be obviously like ideas, we can't physically hold an idea in our hands, like I do this marker right here, or like I do my cell phone. But if you think about an idea, and an idea is literally just it's usually a collection of ideas that we put into a bucket. And then we can hold that idea in our mind together is that the way that we use words to describe an idea that people, that people, everybody that you meet, and this is why it's important that all the people that you meet within 10 seconds, get the same clarity and vision as to what that tangible, packaged idea is that is going to be delivered to them. So what you're doing is you're now just looking for people that want the same thing. They desire the same thing. And that's really the foundation of what effective online coaching and course creation is.

[211:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: is getting really clear on what are those common factors that everybody wants, and then packaging it in a way that you can say, hey, here's the thing right here. Here's the problem that you probably have, and you use not a lot of words to describe it, like maybe two sentences.

[216:25] Speaker 0: Here's the result that we're going to get you here's why you should believe that we can do this, here's how we've done it for other people. And if this sounds good to you, by the way, you know, here's some of the reasons why maybe you might be skeptical. Addressing skepticism up front is actually a pretty positive thing. And you bring all of that together, and that becomes your sales, copy your sales copy, becomes this written page. And what I like to do anytime that I'm creating a piece of sales copy, and an offer is I combine images and graphics. And we usually will use stock images, or we'll even use AI to create some of these images. And those images paint a picture in somebody's mind as to the possibilities for them. So for instance, this right here is somebody with kids happy at a computer right here. Now, it's not saying they have to build their business with the kids on the computer, but it's a visual of somebody who's not necessarily struggling, possibly as a business owner. Okay, so the stock images that we use, and I always do like to include an image of myself as well. These images show what people would like to experience, but we do talk about and address what they're struggling with what they're dealing with overloaded, drifting aimlessly, not making enough money, practically feeling like you're ready to quit. You know we go in depth as to what is going need to be taught. And so all of that becomes the sales copy. As far as that goes, what you're really looking to do is package what you do in a way that's easily understood by people very quickly. And that when the right people see it, they register, and they can't wait to listen to you. And they can't wait to even if they have something going on that day, they clear their schedule to make sure that they hear what you're talking about. The other thing is, is that the wrong people, maybe they accidentally find it, maybe the people who are not a good fit for you find it. And this is, this is a very controversial piece of advice. Yet, it's also one of the most profitable pieces of advice is that the people who are not a good fit for what you offer, and the more you work with people, you'll get really clear as to who's not a good fit for you. Like, for instance, people that are super hyper negative, I can just guarantee you are not a good fit for what I offer, I don't work on making them go from negative to positive, they're super negative person, and they just lash out verbally at people like I'm gonna remove you from my space as quickly as possible, but sometimes they they fit in. And so again, that's even why I use photos of people that are happy and things like that, maybe not less serious photos. That's why I'm a lot more relaxed. As far as this goes, how I present myself the energy is, is that because it attracts the right people, and it repels the ones that are not a good fit. My goal. And my mission, if I'm doing it right,

[263:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that people will be on two opposite ends of the spectrum, they will either either love what I'm doing, or they will hate my guts. And it's not that I'm trying to get them hate to hate my guts at all. Okay, it's by me really focusing in on what the people that are a good fit for me love that it will there will be a segment of people that are just absolutely nauseated by the stuff that I'm doing for these people over here. Because they're just like, you know, how could you like RAM? Remember, you could be doing so much if you did this. I hear it all the time. You know, if only you did this, you'd be more successful, Jeremiah or mama. And I'm just like, Yeah, but you know what this group of people is the one that I love. And I know you're over here, and maybe you're you're probably you are a great person, I'm sure but you know, we're not going to work together. It's not a good fit. And we ended up qualifying people with our sales copy and finding the people. When you align that with the ones who are actually going to make a financial investment. The that's where the economic mechanism becomes really, really big for you. All right. Does that make sense? What was there maybe more to your question as far as that goes?

[282:52] Speaker 1: That makes sense. I mean, most of it is simply like, you know, I have in what I've done, it's to me my mind packaging was, as I set it up, it's yeah, I find out like, yeah, what are their pain points? What are their, you know, objections, all that stuff? You've talked about that. But it's also the tangible result that they're looking for? Do I work how, how could I work something that's a spiritual thing that isn't necessarily as measurable I mean, in my in the workshop I did is a, you know, write five sentences about your life at the beginning and then write five sentences at the end based upon what happened in between, is that something that's like, a packaging type of is

[294:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: a way to do it to make it measurable? Because so and that's where what you're that's where the pattern recognition comes in, is you sort of identify a number one how and it gets better the more people you work with. How did this these people take this? So like, I have a client right now. He does a lot of spiritual coaching. I work with him. His name is Georgie and Van off over at global celebration.com.

[300:21] Speaker 1: And Georgina's. Yeah, I had

[301:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this exact conversation with him because he's like, like, his, his teaching is very like, ethereal, it's different. It's that, but I told him, You got to package it around what the people that go through your system, what's the ultimate finish line that most of them want to really reach once they get clarity. And what he recognized is they actually they all want to become a leader in their own ministry. So I told them, what you actually want to do is you're going to teach this content, but we want to possibly package it as a track to become a leader in the ministry that they're wanting to get in, and so the process looks like this. But because the most of the people who go through your school, they invest for an entire year they go through your masterclasses, ultimately maybe they aren't clear in the beginning. But in the end, they like most of them, and you want to look at your upper echelon, like top 1% of people who really go all the way through something in the beginning, because this is some of y'all that are like, well, I don't have any clients. I don't have any results. I don't have any of that. That's where the AI actually can help you brainstorm and even come up with that. And so there's a prompt that I like to use where I tell it to generate fictional future possible outcomes based on the type of process that we do and the niche. And so we start by using some of those fictional outcomes. And that's what we lead with, initially to then gather that data from people as to what do they really want. So the AI sort of Prime's, the pump for you initially, before you get in front of a bunch of people. But what, what we want to do ultimately, is we want to take the feedback that we're getting. And so like, we'll go back to Rick Pino with worship coach, I was just having a conversation with my mom about this this morning, I'll tell you how we are going to apply it in a brand new offer that hasn't launched yet that we'll be launching in about two months. So like with worship coach, Rick found First off, Rick started, he just wanted to help people grow in their spirituality, of singing, to Jesus literally that was like, so like, unmanageable as far as it was. But it morphed into a lot of these people that were coming to him said, Hey, Rick, I want to learn how to become a famous worship leader, like all the friends of yours that you've worked with. And so that's literally where it got to. And it was funny, because it also like Rick was like, I don't want to teach people that. But that was the language of how to package his message. So here's what's interesting. Rick's coaching and message barely actually changed over the course of five years. How he coached people from 2018 to 2022, the actual message itself inside of his coaching didn't change. But the front end packaging shifted towards the more tangible like, we're going to help you write songs, top the charts with your music reach people, possibly play stadiums, we i We literally took photos of like stadium tour musicians, and put them on the landing page, because that's what was attracting people as far as this goes. And Rick had played stadiums before. That's the other flip side of this, what a lot of people want to do with you as a coach is oftentimes, and this is where you got to really like work on the internal. I don't know if Humility is the word, but like the ability for people to pass you by, oftentimes, they want to just become a version of you, and what you are and what you're doing. They want to basically know, like, if you took your brain, put it in their body and applied it to the things that they want to do, that's really what people ultimately want. So like George Ian, leadership, he's a leader, they want to basically become the next GA, right? For me, a lot of people, they want to know how to do marketing, and I have a handful of people, they're like, I just want to do what you're doing with people. I'm like, great, that's awesome. I even encouraged people, and I go through my classes, apply it and get results, teach it to other people, I don't, you know, I don't have a problem with that actually encourage it, I think it's cool. And so oftentimes, that's the other thing. And that's one of the areas where I find that a lot of coaches and mentors in the beginning limit themselves. As they come, they become really worried about people quote, unquote, like copying them. When in fact, if your students want to copy you that shows that your marketing is doing really well. It shows that you're actually on a path of success to do that. And what I found is that the most successful people, their students really are doing that. And how do we recognize that Tony Robbins is a great example of this, a ton of people go through Tony Robbins, and then they want to become the next Tony Robbins. It's an example, you know, a ton of people will listen to a spiritual leader or something like that. And they want to have what they have, they want to have the life that they have in their own life. Now, here's the thing, most people don't know what it took to get there. They don't know what it actually takes to get there. That's the reality. But as a mentor, if that person so chooses to go down that path, as a mentor, it's actually your honor and privilege to share with them what they don't know, to save from the pitfalls. That's why I share a lot of stuff that I know might upset people they might disagree with, because I know eventually they're going to come around and realize, oh, that's actually the right way to do it. And I used to feel really arrogant saying that until it was like literally with 1000s of people were just like, Okay, it's the same thing over and over again. People are really resistant in the beginning as to what it actually takes to make sales in a coaching course business. It's why most people don't actually make a lot of money in a sales of course, coaching course business because they're very resistant to doing the things that are effective, but it's but the ones who eventually come around and they're like, Okay, it might not feel comfortable to me. It might not be what I would normally do but let me just try Jeremiah's method out and then they're like, well, it actually worked. I had 100 people register wow, I got five sales. Wow, I made 10 grand. You know, it's like it's like that That's a part of it. And I know that and that's one of the things that we want to look at. Again, it's such a model of really you're imparting to people what you know, you're passing on the torch to your clients is a big part of it. And that's what makes you really effective. And so that's where when you write your sales copy, that becomes how you describe it, and how you connect with people. And how you package it. It's kind of like your packaging. Oh, and by the way, your own life even becomes a form of that packaging, too. As well, as you start to embody the thing that you coach. And I think a lot of people when they start, this is where impostor syndrome comes from, they don't necessarily fully embodied the thing that they're doing. But I would say that's okay. As long as you're working towards fully embodying the thing that you're doing now, if you're not going to, then you're just selling information for the sake of selling. And I think, again, if you want to do that, that's fine. But it's going to be more effective to make an impact with people when you really become the thing that you're also helping people to become. So all right. Awesome. Thanks, Benjamin. Great question. Tina. What's up, Tina? Tina Stewart, how are you?

[420:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's have you unmute your microphone here.

[423:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pina Stewart

[425:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, we're gonna go to Lance Williams here. Tina. Looks like you might be having some issues with your microphone. Or you might be somewhere where you can't turn your mic on. What's up, Lance?

[428:29] Lance Williams: Couple of simple questions, Jeremiah. Just because I'm totally new to the coaching space, could you differentiate offers and sell copy from the police? Yes,

[431:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, offer and sales copy. So the offer is kind of like a combination of different things. It's your landing page. It's the sales copy. It's what you sell. It's how you communicate, it's what you're offering to people. So an offer is like a it's like a proposal. Like, when I got on my knee at Disneyland and proposed to my wife, I was making her an offer to live the rest of her life with me. Okay, that was the proposal it had a lot attached to it had a lot of history and a lot of future dreams that we had talked about attached to it. Okay, sales copy is the written words that go on the on the landing page. And it's the written way that you describe what your offer contains. So it's how you basically connect the dots to people's minds to what it actually is that they're getting.

[445:02] Lance Williams: totally clear. Okay. All right, you were speaking about the levels, level ones and level twos. Earlier, when you were talking about when you make when making a decision with your niche. I was thinking, as I discussed yesterday about doing something similar to what you were doing with Rick, we're with independent artists. Here's here's what I'm kind of struggling with because my job of music, is gospel music something or get the gospel community or just make it general abroad for I think,

[454:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, here's, here's a great, one of my favorite questions ever, because we actually have some data for this one with Rick, for when we tried to do that with him. And it might be different in the Gospel community a little bit, but I have a feeling that it probably would be the same way. I would start with gospel music. And I think that Gospel does, it's a little bit more flexible than the worship niche. I think I think gospel has a little bit of like, a wider range already to it. So that's, that's cool, right there. Worship is definitely like very niche. We ran an offer with Rick. We were having all this success doing worship music was the was the ditch. So we were like, Hey, we thought we were real smart. Let's change it to Christian music instead of worship music. And so we marketed for people that want to get their Christian music heard. And the campaign went from making, I think with Rick, he was doing like he was doing about five times his ad spend initially and then on the back end, he was making another like 10 times it's a total it was about 15x. When we change the language, just one word, same offer, but it's one word to Christian music. No sales came in. We actually had more people register, though. Our lead cost was lower. So the amount of Facebook ads cost, it was deceiving. Were like, whoa, okay, we're getting people for half the cost. These leads normally are like $12, a lead for the worship peeps, we're getting the Christian music beeps for six bucks, and we call them. That's what we call them. The worship peeps, the Christian music peeps. That's what we, you know, I'm just like talking like, I remember, like, literally having this conversation with Rick. He's like, dude, like, anyway, it's like, we got more people, the leads are cheaper. We've tested this so many times, it's rinse and repeat, it's working. This should just like be a cash cow for us guess what it lost $40,000 in ad spend. And it was because we were spending about $20,000 per offer with the worship niche. And we were like, Let's bump that up to 60k, since we're getting leads for cheaper is that since we got leads for cheaper, you know, even if we lose, it'll work. And it turns out, we spent 60,000 on ads, and it only brought in 20,000 in sales. Now on the back end, he made back that other 40,000 like eventually. So like long term, it was basically a wash for him. But we went from just like massive profitability to like the worst campaign that he ever ran. Now, what's interesting is, I always see this happen. Anytime people have a failing campaign like that, and they get back on the horse again, and they do it again, their next campaign is usually way more successful happens to me. It happened with Rick the next month, he made a half a million dollars in one month. Because he went back to the thing, that was the thing, and he adjusted it, and he got real clear on what it was. And then he added another offer that was a little bit more expensive. He offered it I think it was for like $10,000 Instead of just 1000. And he was able to I think he got like 50 people in there at 10 grand. You know, whereas we were doing like 100 people at 1000 bucks. So that was like 100 grand. So it was like okay, boom, profit margins, like went through the roof. And so we were like, Okay, this is the structure right here, we figured it out. And he kept kind of rinse and repeating that. It's interesting, though. I mean, just a side note to that. And this is where Rick decided he wanted to go more towards business coaching. I think if it was me and my business I would have really focused in on and the music side of things. And he pivoted to a different niche as far as that goes. And when he did that, he was like, Hey, thanks for helping me with the music thing. I'm going to try to go out on my own. So we're still friends, but like, I haven't helped him with any of his current stuff he's doing so. But with the music, one I really helped him with, which was really awesome. And it was really successful. And it's still a great niche. Because here's the thing, everybody who writes music or who writes gospel songs, wants to get their music heard by people. They want people to listen to their music. So understanding that is a big factor as to how we communicate. So I would lead with get your gospel music heard. Launch Your gospel music, write a killer gospel song, let's write your gospel song together and test out maybe those three different things. I know those three were, you know, gospel music, Launchpad, things like that, like you can easily build a brand around those four ideas right there. And that would be that it would it would be pretty tangible if you're walking people through that process. Right.

[536:48] Lance Williams: We just one last question on for Jeremiah, when you mentioned about a marketing stack? Could you kind of elaborate this a tad? Yeah. Okay.

[539:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't sure what if that word would resonate with people. Basically, what I mean is, again, the marketing stack, it's the sales copy. It's the landing page. It's the it's the it's the basically, the tools in your tool belt, is what it is. So I guess if we talked about your offer, or your marketing stack, or your funnel, they're kind of again, interchangeable words. When I look at marketing stack, it's just all the pieces if we're kind of thinking of them as like individual pieces. And offer is all those pieces put together. So a marketing stack would be like all the ingredients to bake a cake. The offer is the cake. And the sales copy is the frosting or the butter or whatever you like, whatever your favorite ingredient is it's the it's the flavor, right? The sales copy is the flavor. That's really what it would be like, and then your funnel, really the funnel is the five course meals. That leads up to the the dessert. I think that's a great analogy. Actually. It's almost exact. That's exactly what it is. It's so clear cooking. Yeah. Right. Thank you for that Jeremiah. Yeah, cool. Awesome. All right, Tina, so I'm gonna press ask to unmute. And then what you got to do is you got to click OK. And it will unmute you Should otherwise I can try it again, you might need to press the other button, depending on if you're on a phone or something. Let's try one more time. See if this works. So because I'm I'm, I actually can't, I don't have the power to unmute you. That's a security feature that they don't actually give me that ability. Okay, asked to unmute, I click the button. And then in zoom, there should be a little pop up that popped up for you to unmute, or you click your microphone. If you're on a computer or mobile, it's a little bit different.

[573:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing that you could do, you might need to like read the reset your phone, reset your computer, or reset the app as far as that goes. We'll try one more time here

[578:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that doesn't work. You can also put your your question in the in the chat below. But I find if you might just need to reset your device as far as that goes. All right. So again, Tina, I'm gonna go to Judy here. If you can get your mic working in the in the in between time we'll take yours. After that. Definitely not trying to ignore anybody here. What's up, Judy? Judy? Kay.

[584:36] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah. Great session today again. Yeah, the good news for me is the steps that you laid out, I have done where I need help, I think is the sales copy piece, because I'm not getting the sales that I want. Okay. And I also don't have a funnel that that brings new people, the $17, the $7 ebook, or so those are the two places that I see where I'm, I mean, I have to believe since I'm not getting sales, my sales copy is not what it needs to be,

[593:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty much. Well, there's also it can also do do with your follow up. So that's again, also part of the funnel, how do you follow up with people? Okay, how are we and that's the other thing too, as, as I have seen people with really good copy really good funnels, but they're not following up with people. And that also leads to less sales. So that's the other thing to look at as if you got all that dialed in, then it's the follow up. And if that's not the case, because again, I've worked with people at each of these different stages. If you got the funnel, you got the copy, you got the follow up, you got the ads, all that setup. First off, people will usually write me and say that they're crying at that point. Like I did everything and it's not working like okay, you got it. This is where we got to develop resilience. First off, right? Is that where we have to, like, you know, not everything goes how we want it to the first time, we gotta like, understand that. And that's where I tell them, Okay, you may need to pivot. First off, you want to identify what's not working. So it's like, Are people registering for what you have, if they're not registering them, it's 100% has to do with a sales copy. If they are registering, then your sales copy is actually close. But it's not quite there. And it could have to do with your follow up.

[616:00] Speaker 0: If you're getting a bunch of people registering for it, and they're actually showing up to listen to you, meaning they're either reading an ebook, they're watching the training that you did, and they're not buying that actually goes to do with the words that are actually in the thing they're consuming is not persuading them to build trust, and to actually close the sale for you. So there's a there's a couple of stages to this that kind of break down piece by piece by piece. And when you get all of them together

[624:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where it starts to the model starts to work for you as far as that goes. But sales copy is where we want to start with for sure. Okay,

[626:40] Speaker 3: so just quickly from what you've said, I don't have I right now don't have a way where I'm going back and analyzing how people have signed up for something and maybe not signed up. So there that's a big hole I can see. Okay, in the plan. So so I can't I don't have I don't understand that's what I've got to learn next pedal Look at that.

[631:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's really it's just kind of numbers and percentages. Because you can dive really deep into the weeds as to like, Okay, who is this? Like, go deep into like, customer relation management type of thing. You don't have to go that deep. yet. I don't I won't go that deep until like I hire a sales team. And now my salespeople can go that deep into it. I'm more like surface level at the numbers of okay. 100 people registered and and 10 people were on the we're on the training live, or 100 people registered 20, people clicked the link to download the eBook.

[643:04] Speaker 0: And finding those percentages and then trying to increase that percentage. The other one is, like there was a lever that I did that increased how many people actually consumed when I do these events. And what that was was I was giving people

[646:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that could actually watch the recordings forever. And I just gave it away to everybody, because I thought if I give this away, it's going to show generosity and they're going to want and it's going to benefit them. And I realized I'm actually hurt was hurting people by doing that. It's because most of them were not showing up to listen to me, because they hadn't in their mind, well, I can just watch it anytime I want.

[652:50] Speaker 3: That's definitely what I need to do. Because then I

[653:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: started making it to where, okay, you can buy the recording, that motivates people to buy it, because now once people actually make an investment, they take it seriously, they go through it, they consume it, even if it's just seven bucks, it will take it more seriously than a free. I buy stuff all the time I spent seven bucks on and gosh, I I'm a little bit weird, I treat it like I spent seven grand on it sometimes. You know, I value stuff like big and small, like quite a bit depending on like how much I spend on something quite a bit. It's also because I'm like, I'm really careful how I spend my own money, and for the things that I really want. So if I'm going to invest in something, it's something that I really tangibly want. But I make it to where the people who don't invest in the VIP, that they only have a limited time period that they can even consume it for free without making an investment. And so what that did when I did that, like 500% Increase the amount of people that were actually consuming, like content. So I was like, Okay, if this is the factor, just getting people to consume it more, and that's literally one lever that I could pull to do that and it changes everything than me not pulling that lever, it would be unwise. You know, yeah. So now on the flip side, I've had some coaches telling me that by doing that, you know, you're manipulating people that watch your content, because you're making them afraid of losing it, and that's evil. And I'm like, Okay, I maybe understand a little bit where you're coming from, but I don't agree with that. You know, it's, it's, everybody's got an opinion, not all of them are really truthful. When it comes to this business, I definitely look at that. Making it urgency for people to actually consume the content usually benefits them. And you at the same time, so it's a win win? For sure.

[685:03] Speaker 3: I see. That is great advice is something I can add on because I get for free. Yeah.

[686:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Yeah. And then that's the other thing too. When I was when I started like my Jeremiah krakowski.com business, because I think about like, okay, got Jeremiah krakowski.com, pre and post, my coaching business actually being successful. And then I have like, what I did for other people, what I did while working as the CEO of my mom's business, and then what I did before I was the CEO of her business. So these are like different phases of my life, where I went from like employee to running a business to owning a business to actually owning a successful business. And those are kind of the four stages of like, of my career and all that that I talked about. When I when I look back at that, when I first started this business, I gave all my content away for free, didn't require a registration. I launched it with a podcast. And by the way, I still do that podcast. But people weren't even consuming the content. I'm like, I'm literally giving you the gold, of how to make millions of dollars right now for free. And, and by the way, I'm literally I'm teaching the same stuff today that I was teaching five years ago, and I wasn't making any money. The content of what I'm teaching is exactly the same as what I was teaching people then I have a few more stories to share. I'm a little bit more confident and how I show up with it. But the only difference and this is why I tell people this and by the way, like right now I'm getting even some language for this. You know, I mentioned

[713:16] Speaker 0: what you actually like the content of what you teach really isn't what determines how many people buy it because I was teaching the same fire that was that that that I'm teaching today? I think I teach it a little bit better now than I did. But if the people who the people who did apply it were making money, and if people actually took it seriously they would make money but they weren't taking it seriously, because I wasn't I didn't have a structure In a way for them to do so, to where I was actually requiring them to register for it, where I was requiring them to actually pay for it, where I was requiring them to show up at a specific time to listen to me. And part of it was, I didn't want to inconvenience anybody. I didn't want to inconvenience them that they had to give me their email address or that they had to show up at a certain time.

[725:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, so nothing actually changed in what I delivered, what changed was, how I described it, the offers I created and the fact that I needed people to actually register and actually commit to consuming the content. And that's where sales start coming in. And that's so that's why that's why I say this is that you could have all the content figured out. But without the offer, it's really is just you're kind of just like, talking to a brick wall. You know, yeah. Yeah. All right.

[735:05] Speaker 3: I think I think I have an idea that really sparked something. Thanks very much.

[736:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You're welcome. All right, Tina, let's try this again. She says she's on a mobile phone. I think on the mobile phone, they have this feature where you log into it, you choose what type of like, Phone device you're going to log in with. And I think if you tap the bottom of your screen in the mobile device, it'll pull up a little microphone, and then you can tap that, and it'll let you unmute it. You might need to swipe left or right to on the mobile device as far as that goes. Okay. Well, let's take a look at your question here. Since I know you've been patient, can I get some suggestions as the type of prompts I can put into chat, GBT that would generate the content to evoke an emotional response. So that is from the prompts document that's over at my website. We actually put the exact prompts in here, over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT. And it's this Google Doc right here. And so the very first line of the Google Doc is this sales copy. Line. And I like to do this, where we put this custom persona under Custom instructions to in chat JpT. So like, we take this and I go under Custom instructions. Let's see. We're gonna put this right here. And then we're gonna go take this right here. And this is write a sales letter about in a conversational, informal or persuasive tone. What is it about? So you want to take like your niche and what you're doing what you're doing. So again, it's this is why deciding on your niche is like the first stage of being able to write the copy. And so if you don't know what that is, you can brainstorm with it for some niches. There's a couple of like brainstorming prompts, that we can do niche identification, q&a, quick avatar info, sub niche generation, map out an outline for an online course generate names for our coaching program. So there's a lot of this is in this document right here. As far as that goes. Without specifics as to like what that is. That's where you're able to, like, Get specific and clear on that now. Okay, then you said, or can this only be achieved by embedding videos in my email? I do not understand what you mean by because you can't embed a video in an email. You can link to a video in an email. Should I use another AI copywriting tool? Yeah, I don't fully understand that second half of your question right there. I'm sorry. But those are those are going to be the prompts that we're doing. And that's again, why tomorrow, what I put in the group, right here is what I put in the group right here is this thing where I do like, what some of these niches right here. So we got a couple of people that they posted their niche, my business as the conscious co pilot who held all that. So here's kind of how we would do this. Like if I was taking this we have that at least figured out in the beginning. I'm going to go into customer instructions, and it says what would you like them to know about you to provide a better response? So this is where we paste and so like if I'm writing copy for somebody, I'm gonna put in here like what their situation is that they tell me what they're trying to solve. And so oftentimes, what this does is this is actually the customer instructions tab is how you can train chat GPT to act one way or another before you even ask it anything so how would you what would you like to know better about you? I am building a coaching or course business in the following niche. Okay? How would you like it to respond? This is the persona that it takes on how it'll talk and communicate. So for instance, if I tell it, it's right here it says, you know, as an experienced copywriter trained in the industry is best your mandate is to craft persuasive sales letters for Sandy Murkowski and the tone of Sandy Murkowski. Here's why we say in the tone of Sandy Murkowski because chat, GBT is actually trained on the sales copy that my mom and I wrote for her business. And so when we tell it to actually write it in the tone of Sandy Murkowski, it writes it very closely aligned with the way that we would write a sales letter that's effective. And so this is actually telling Chad GPT, how to write the inputs. It's a short prompt, that we're giving it to do this. So if we take who you help, what it is right there in that right there, and then I paste also who you help right here. If I like if I take Sam's business right here, the conscious copilot. And then we say write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above and a conversational persuasive and informal tone. And these are the three key words for writing really good sales copy, here's how I, by the way, I'm, I'm gonna tell you what chat GBT, how I came up with the words conversational form on persuasive. I pulled into chat GBT sales letters that worked really well. And I said, Can you analyze the tone of writing of these and it told me that it's conversational, informal and persuasive. So all good sales letters are not professional, formal, stuck up and logical. They are conversational, very informal, and persuasive, even if what you do is very professional. Okay. So for instance, right here, just taking what Sam gave us right here, we're able to actually at least get a start to our sales copy break free from the burnout discover your path. Are you fill it? Are you feeling the burn of burnout caught in the cycle of endless stress and exhaustion, it's time to say goodbye to feeling overwhelmed, and hello to a life where you're in control of your energy. That paints a real pretty good picture as to like what is accomplished as far as this goes. And by the way, if you don't like the results that it generates, you can tell it to regenerate it and you can literally just have it, re rewrite it again and again and again, till you find something that you like, are you tired of the hamster wheel constantly running going? Nowhere? Do you wake up feeling exhausted, you know, when I'm writing good sales copy, I will actually have it write the sales copy three or four times. And then I'll pick the lines from each of those that I like that are the best. And I combine them together and we piece them together. And so again, that's what we're going to be showing tomorrow live with everybody on there. But that's like the first stage of doing this. And then this is where the prompting goes in. Is we take list out the pain points, the process of the sales copy right here, we're gonna list out those pain points, what are some pain points of the target customer, we paste that in there without anything. Constant overwhelm physical and mental exhaustion, chronic fatigue, lack of energy. And this is where you start to get really strict and you start scrutinizing it. So this is where like anything that I don't think is going to align with what I want to do or the people that I want to reach. I'm gonna correct chat GPC about this. Okay. So if I take this, and let's just say that a they don't feel overwhelmed or exhausted, they're just pissed off at the world. My clients aren't really overwhelmed. And exhausted, they are just really pissed off at the world. And know they have something great in them and wish they could show it to people. So again, if you know that the pain points that Chad GBT is giving you, you want to correct it. And you can even do this. This is close. But I need to correct you. Let's adjust the above based on the following. So I'm always using the word above, or the below or the following or the previous to point to the words that are in the chat above the prompting that I'm typing in. Or below that I'm pasting. So let's adjust the above based on the context of the following. And I'm going to paste that information right there. And it will then take that into consideration and rewrite it based on what I'm saying as far as that goes. So by stop this, because you can stop at mid doing And you can interrupt it and then that's that can save you some time. You don't need it to finish it, you can just interrupt it. Okay? Adjusted pain points frustration with the status quo, unrealized potential desire for recognition, lack of creative outlets. And so what we did was we literally pivoted from something that may or may not be in alignment with you to, to correcting the AI telling it Okay, listen, you did good, but you got it wrong. And you don't need to tell it you did good. But you know, maybe if AI becomes a planetary Overlord, it's nice to be nice to the AI to hopefully, you know, that was a joke. I know, some people were actually really concerned about that. I'm not as concerned as most people, but there is a reality that could possibly happen. I hope that Terminator doesn't happen. But decide, no, I heard that they're making another Terminator where the origin story of the Terminator was, was a chat based text bot that assisted people.

[896:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if that's accurate or not. But I think that it might it might actually be the case. So which is funny. All right. So that's how like the prompting, it's in there. Tina, if you want me to expand upon some of this, let me know in the in the in the chat, and we can take a look at that. All right, Mark, Mark Phillips, what's up, Mark? How are you?

[902:47] Speaker 4: Jeremiah, how are you?

[903:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good.

[903:36] Speaker 4: Good. I am going to basically ask you to cosign when I'm thinking about my niche, if that makes sense. Based on yesterday?

[907:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does it make sense? What do you mean?

[908:37] Speaker 4: Or what I mean, as opposed to the level one, level two, based on my experience, and just your opinion on the most successful niche that I should, I should begin with? Number one, I've I've used AI to write sales copy for some other smaller projects. I did a basketball, basketball shooting school. And it's amazing. Like you put your background in there and you say, Look, you know, speak as a professional or major college basketball coach. And yeah, so talk talking about, you know, basketball is a game of skill, the most impactful skill in basketball is shooting, you know, if you can shoot you play doesn't matter how slow you go. I mean, it's amazing. And I do the exact same thing you did, you get four or five different outputs and you grab the sentences, the radiology that you liked the best and kind of combine it and so it really cool to hear you say that. Yeah, I think as a, you know, I'm always dealing with the imposter syndrome components. So it's always nice to have someone like yourself confirm something. Oh, I'm already doing a couple of things that but by

[927:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: the way, I want to pause you right there. You you, I would say you and I both we've been in our craft in our field for many years. And yet imposter syndrome still comes up. I think there's a myth that people have that imposter syndrome is gonna disappear once they have success. It's not. And in fact, I heard something on on a Joe Rogan podcast that changed my perspective on impostor syndrome. It was this comedian that says every time that I'm actually going to the next level of where I need to go in my career, I feel like an impostor. When I went from going from small comedy clubs to stepping on stage, I felt like who the heck am I to deserve to do this. But what I did was I continued to show up, even though I felt that way, and it became who I am today, and I only ever do stadiums now. And I was like, that's it that literally describes how you actually deal with impostor syndrome. You don't wait for it to disappear. You just do the thing that you know you that you need to do, as well.

[944:44] Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah, no, I listen. In 2018 I was named the number five recruiting assistant in the country. Wow. 2019 I was named the number one recruiting assistant in the country. I recruited the number one class in the country at Arizona in 2019. That hadn't fired off late late comers like Kentucky, Duke, Carolina, Kansas, but the class that we got and yet still, when a young coach is asking me about recruiting, I like you know, I hesitate or if I think something that I'm going to share is going to go public. I'm like, well, what's the Bill Self gonna? What's JAY WRIGHT gonna think about that? And I'm like, You know what, number one, they're probably not gonna see it. Number two, they don't give a rip. Number three, they'll probably agree because there's only certain principles. I mean, it's going to align with with with principle. Yeah,

[958:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it gets hard when you actually your your heroes though, tell you that you're wrong. All right, and you know that you're not? Because I've had that happen to. Right. And so Oh, yeah, throughout what what

[962:33] Speaker 4: gave you the confidence to know that they were wrong, even as your hero and you were right, what? Yeah,

[964:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was that, that I think only came through really looking at the evidence that I had, as what it was because the evidence, at least in my life, and here's the other thing that I started to have a little bit of empathy for most of the time, when somebody that I looked up to thought that I was wrong about something, it's because they lacked a deeper understanding as to what I was talking about. So part of it was that I needed to maybe work on how I explained something a little bit, maybe, because that's the thing is, you can say the same thing to two different people, they can literally hear two different things. You know, I tell people all the time, it's a statement that I say all the time, and I'm going to continue to say it a because I know it's polarizing. And be because I know, this is actually one of those times where I actually am okay with people misunderstanding it. As I always say the most important thing in your coaching and course business is not the actual coaching or teaching. It's the sales and marketing. And some people misinterpret that as to say You mean to say you're gonna go out there and put fraud and steal people's money with bad I'm like, I never ever said that. That might be how you interpreted it, because maybe that's what you see out there. And so understand, that's not what we're talking about. But, you know, so that's what I that's what I'm saying. But I've also learned, okay, maybe I do need to explain something in a way, because we're responsible for how people receive what we say as far as how they understand what we said, to the point of what we control. But there are also people that are just committed to misunderstanding us, that are committed to not being a fan of ours. And yeah, I think that the other thing is, is this is just for me again, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, we just met yesterday, right? And if we did, if we just if we, if we had talked like a little bit longer, I would dive a little bit deeper into this. But I'll share in my, in my life, what has actually helped me with that is figuring out a, what am I trying to avoid happening? When these people doubt me or say that I'm wrong? So what, and sometimes it's a projection of what I think they might do, or what might happen, or how I might be perceived, and how that might then turn out in a certain way where then other people might see that and then they might share it with somebody else. And then it might, you know, become this whole thing. And now I'm responding to a potential scenario that hasn't even happened yet. You know, and it's all and it's all up here. And now Okay, now, by the way. Here's the other thing that I tell really good coaches, what would you tell your mentees, if they came to you and said the same thing? Gosh, I feel like if I miss a basket, they're all gonna laugh at me. And I'm never gonna go get a scholarship somewhere. Or I'm never gonna go pro. If I miss this basket. What advice would you give them as far as that goes? And sometimes we can actually coach ourselves by how we would coach others.

[1013:19] Speaker 4: Yeah, change your change your, your reaction, or the meaning of rejection and make rejection, something that is actually a good thing like, Hey, you're not our home, you're this, you're just the first to do it this way. How powerful Yeah. And rejection, being, you know, God's way of eliminating the things that he doesn't want. As part it's

[1020:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: very true too. I can tell you, the people who really like adamantly rejected me, later down the line. And again, I tend to be very like accepting of people. I don't immediately go to like, like, reject anybody. That's why a lot of even what I'm sharing, like, I've had to learn this, from the school of hard knocks, it was hard for me to think that, okay, there's great people out there that can literally make money from my coaching. But for me to be able to build a successful business, I need to actually eliminate them from my marketing. Because I'm gonna be working 10 times harder to convince them, you know, I couldn't to save my life. 10 years ago, I didn't know how to sell even five years ago, very well. I was beginning to understand sales sales. Now, I feel very confident in any sales conversation or interaction as far as any objection that somebody has because I've again, I've, like you said change the meaning to it. Um, I think that's really good advice. And, you know, in my in my world, what I had happened was I had a lot of people who verifiable like multimillionaires. Hmm. to your owners, business owners, and they would ask me, you know, hey, Jeremiah, like, I see what you're claiming to do. You seem to have a lot of success. And I would tell them what I've done. And I would end up I found out I was like word vomiting on them, like all the things I had done. Right. And they would respond to me and say, you know, Jeremiah, I actually think that you're a little bit delusional to think that you actually did any of those things. And I think that you might have, that you might actually have a mental health issue that convinces you that you've done things you'd never done. And you feel special by telling people that you do all these things. And literally, I would have multimillionaires telling me that and it made me so mad, I'm like, This is insane. Because you're literally telling me that my life didn't exist right now. And if we go back to some of my trauma as a child, it was always that message that my life wasn't worth existence. So a lot of it ripped to the core of some real issues, I had to work with it with a therapist is what it was. And that's what has allowed me now to have the confidence that I have you do reject me or something, I'm not really too concerned if somebody is successful. And they reject me, or they think it's not like what I've done as an isn't real or anything like that. There's a lot of people that make up fake claims about business, I got to the point now where I'm like, okay, even if somebody thinks that I'm making this up, I'm not concerned about convincing them, even if they go out there and tell everybody they know. And by the way, I had this happen. I actually had somebody that literally go to everybody that we had in common and told them to not work with me. And then I went to these people, they're like, yeah, so and so said that you're that you're like, not somebody to be trusted. And I trust them a lot more than you. So, you

[1069:21] Speaker 4: know, that's clearly there that that's clearly their character flaw at the end.

[1070:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Totally. Exactly. And that's, that's what I realized, okay, actually probably dodged the bullet from trying to convince this person and there's no question they're trying is understanding how people process leadership and opinions of people. There's, there's it's such an in depth conversation to this nuance that we can talk for hours on. But

[1076:07] Speaker 4: yeah, yeah, well, I don't want to dominate this is so fun for me to get your audience and I don't want to dominate but I do have, again, I'm talking myself into it, I would love for you to say, You know what, Mark, that sounds right. Or doesn't, you know, the areas I have the expertise and the experience in is, number one, transitioning from a high school coach to a college coach, number two, transitioning from an assistant coach to becoming a head coach in Division one. And then the third one is would be the, the ability to help a kid or family optimize their path, so that they're on the best path to, you know, to gain a college scholarship or a college basketball, betting. Now, the problem is, the market for an assistant coach becoming a head coach is very small, the market for you know, optimizing your path upwards within the business is a little bit bigger, but still small. The market for a high school coach to become a college coach is bigger, okay. But the biggest market is really, the huge market is for those parents want to give their kids the best possible path, and Blueprint, are optimizing their experience from sixth grade to 11th grade. So they make the high school team and they put themselves in a position to, you know, to play in college, you know, there's, there's hundreds of 1000s of kids in the United States, boys and girls who would love the opportunity to play myself. I did not play in college, I wasn't a good high school player, I made this transition to the elite status in my profession without

[1106:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: How can I have something? Well, you

[1106:56] Speaker 4: know, and I've already helped people do that. So that market is huge. And I think the resources of the parents are much greater than a college coach or a high school coach, you know, trying to make, you know, trying to improve their upward mobility within the Yeah,

[1111:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: then I would, I would focus in on the parents for that reason that the financial resources are there, right as a big aspect as far as that goes. There's a book that I really love. I'm trying to pull up actually like the actual page in the book where it's at. I'm not finding it here for whatever your let me let me log in to this Kindle account that I have received. Because I know I have a book somewhere you know what's not in there? either. Let me let me kind of let me see if I can get Chad GPT to actually pull this up for us real quick. By the way, Chad JpT is actually really good at finding information from books. Are you familiar with 100 million dollar offers by Alex for mosey? That's a great book, as I'm familiar with how to make offers. So good people feel stupid saying no, by Alex or Mozi. And by the way, incredible book that I recommend that everybody get and read. And then he has one called 100 million dollar leads, which is all about advertising as well. But his first one is all about creating offers as far as that goes. Okay. Can you elaborate, and this is the part that I'm wanting to share with you. Can you elaborate on the part in the beginning of the book where Alex talks about what makes an offer viable, particularly around people who have money to spend with you, if they don't have money to spend, they probably aren't going to be a good fit. There's a chapter in the book that talks about this, okay, here we go. About creating viable offers, particularly those of financial means the principle is crucial to ensuring business success, for Mozi emphasizes that for an offer to be viable, it should be towards an audience that not only needs and desires it, but also has the financial capacity to purchase, right. And this approach is grounded in the practical understanding that no matter how great an offer is, it won't lead to financial success if it's not aimed at people who can afford it. And so that's the that's one of the things is that you want to find, and doesn't have to be like, super wealthy people, either I had somebody they're like, I don't want to just target like, billionaires, I'm like, your offer is $1,000. It's like, you know, people spend 1000 bucks on iPhones that are making 30k a year all the time. You know, so like, but, and really the means to make the investment is really about how important it is to them to make that investment. So the concept is, that's one of the biggest factors in deciding what your offer is, is that are people willing to financially invest into it, and like you mentioned, the parents are probably way more likely at scale to invest with you, economically than the than the other coaches are. The other thing is, is this is that the other coaches, you may deal with a little bit of can comparison type of a thing where they might compare themselves to you? And feel like, you know, they know more than you. Even worse? You're not going to get any of that from these most of these parents, right?

[1167:14] Speaker 4: Much, much more of an authority with some

[1167:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So that's a huge thing is, is if you find that you're much more of an authority in that sense, going towards that niche, even if that's what you like, really want to dive into, it's better to go to the one that shares the authority and the economic driver. And I found to

[1173:46] Speaker 4: this is just the bad news that I didn't necessarily want to hear because I have content of 178 pages on a on a PowerPoint of how to be an excellent coach, I cover every imaginable category, there's probably 50 categories. It's great content, I have put it together over the years. And I don't have as much content, because there's just not as much content to have, hey, how do you? How do you, you know, so So, and I also want to impact I also think there's a there's a an epidemic of bad coaching for youth middle school, I want to impact that space.

[1183:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Might be really cool, though, is I'm wondering if the parents can learn from that content. They can learn how to coach their students before they like like, what if you, as sort of coach in the home with your student could help do better than the coach at the school they're at, and you set them up for success to go to that next level?

[1189:44] Speaker 4: There's definitely areas where they can they can identify, ya know, they can identify a good coach versus a not so good coach. And, you know, there is that delicate line between, you know, once you do find a good coach, there's that, that concept that, you know, you need to be coachable. So your kid needs to be comfortable with their coach, as opposed to just say, Well, my mom and dad told me to do it this way, you know, so but but, but you're right, you're right. There's a way to use that content to educate the parents on what good coaching looks like so that they can identify it and even more importantly, identify by bad coaching, and get their kids away from that person or or group of people.

[1201:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's a flip side to that, though, is like you could put out there, since you have all the material you could put out there this to reach coaches, you can put that material out there, you can have that material out there, and you could see how does that market respond to you. And if they don't respond in the way that's economical, then you move over to the parents as far as this goes, now, here's the thing, I think you can make both work, I just think that one is going to be faster than the other for the financial part.

[1210:25] Speaker 4: I'm almost 100% agreement with you on that, for sure that that's your I want to do both, I want to impact both. But I also want to, you know, monetize my time and efforts and, and, and everything.

[1213:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I have such a great personal story to this in my own life. Almost all of my experience. And this was actually I think a limitation of mine in the beginning, was working with people that were multimillionaires with their marketing and offers. So a lot of my content was effective if you were already making a lot of money in the beginning. And one of the biggest complaints that I had people say to me five years ago was Jeremiah, like, this is great if I'm making money. But this isn't going to help me as a beginner. And then on the flip side, on the flip side, I had all this great content for the people that were making money. And then I would approach them and they would tell me what I said, they're like, Oh, you never accomplished that you never did that. And they would get all negative at me, trying to sell them that I could help them make more money, because I'm like, Well, how much is your business making Jeremiah? I'm like, I'm not making that much right now. But I did this for other people. They're like, Well, yeah, Call me when you're actually making money, you know. So like, they doubted that the material would help them. So actually, I had all this material and passion because here's the thing, I do what I do today, ultimately, for the impact of this reason, that if I can help one person impacted 1000 people, they impact 1000 people, my impact goes a couple layers deep into that, like if I can help mark, impact 1000 people's lives who then impact others, like I can indirectly help change the shape of your industry. You know, and especially because what we're establishing as people that become leaders in their space, what we did with Rick Pino, we literally saw the entire worship music space, transform over five years, geared around what he was doing. And pretty much we could bet that everybody who was winning awards, at some point had taken some training from him. It was like, it was this crazy thing that we literally saw in the Christian music industry, is this shift well, to where we can see the ripple effect of that impact? Oh, by the way, he was mentored at a college, that taught him a lot. So I'm thinking about, like the legacy of the founder of that college, three levels deep. That's the legacy that we have, as coaches and course creators, it goes much deeper than just our initial bank account, is our long term type of, of impact as far as I go. So for me, how I could actually accomplish that impact is if I can find a bunch of millionaires and make them even more money and reach people. But I realized that actually, who were the people that keep coming to me, it was people that are just starting. And I didn't have a lot of content for them. But I knew there was a more of them. And it's almost exactly what you're saying. And so what I did was I just I developed and I got really clear on how do I coach these beginners? How do I help beginners go from zero to making the kind of money that they want to make? And also, that's the that's again, that's the realm that I have more authority in overwhelm, you know, because like, if I'm coaching somebody who's making $10 million as a coach, I know what's going to help them get to 20 30 million, but they may not trust me because I'm today in my own bank account, not making $10 million a year. Right. Now, what I have found, though, is that a lot of the six figure people are starting to perk up once my business started making seven figures because they're like, Okay, Jeremiah has now surpassed where we're at. Let's figure out what he knows that I don't know. And that's a big part of it, as far as that goes is sometimes what the group of people that we want to impact today might not be for today. But it might be for tomorrow, or five or even 10 years from now. It might be part of the long term legacy of our brand. And so I don't think that like what you have is going to go to waste at all. I think that it's just going to become something that might look different than how you imagined it. But I think you're still gonna get to the same finish line that you've always wanted.

[1281:35] Speaker 4: Yeah, no, it's it's exciting because I really have some ideas that I think would revolutionize coaching, we there's such an emphasis on, you can have a parallel path for developing the individual in that in the basketball space, but also, holistically, you can still win and we're not doing it the right way. Right now, you know, what you said about Pino, how he's impacting so many others, like I like I really have this audacious idea that I can help coaches, look, these kids and you know, six years old, you will, or they're 16 years old, when they that the, the trust in their there, there's the way they look at coaches that can impact them. I mean, it can, it can change their whole, like the whole trajectory of their lives. If we do it the right way. If we communicate the right way, if we love if we care if we really are about excellence and hearing about that person in an authentic way. And that's, you know, anyway.

[1301:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: What, now, here's the thing, I'm gonna say something now, that's probably going to probably not be what you want to hear. But you can also get the coaching thing work as well. You can also just start Yeah, I think though, you'll have to work a little bit harder at it to make the finances hit. Yeah, well, I think both would work really well for you. And I think, again, these are the two modalities of you that you work in with people as well. Always own that. Always talk about that. That's why even to this day, like, I put out content about technology and software and AI and even like the metaverse and video games, because I actually. And I get teary up when I say this, but like, I want to successfully impact the industry of video games. I really do. That's why like, I thought it was amazing that Sam was on here with her experience, I was like, that's, like part of my heart. Because I know that the next generation of kids has been influenced by video games. They are the biome. And that is like TV and media is becoming interactive. But here's the thing, I don't have a lot of experience in that world, if I try to do something in that world, like I fall flat, but I still talk about it. And I still learn and I still share this. And I'm starting to even see indirectly like I have a I have a friend he runs a video game blog, and they got 1000s of people that read this blog. And I've helped him with his marketing at least to get that out there like so there's, I'm passionate about the certain things. But I know that sometimes they may not be for today, I've always had a passion I got started in my in my career I wanted to actually not do I didn't ever think I would do coaching or courses. I thought I would move to Hollywood and create movies. That's what I wanted. I wanted to create movies, and TV shows that changed people's lives. And I'm excited to see what's happening with artificial intelligence because

[1334:21] Speaker 0: the Film TV and video game industry are becoming a lot like the music industry where anybody now can get into it. Because the tools are much easier to get your stories out there. Now that's going to create millions of competition and a bunch of crappy stuff out there. But here's the one thing that I know that remains the same. The people that can market films, TVs and video games, the best are the ones that are going to succeed. So sales and marketing by me developing that and building up and teaching sales and marketing. I'm still in the trajectory of where I'm headed in that realm. That's why a lot of what I talk about. One lady said what I teach, they also teach that in screenwriting well I pull a lot of what I talk about with coaching from the world of how you do film and TV storytelling. A lot of times when I'm doing a presentation or, or a webinar, or even a class, I see it as almost like it's a play and I'm on stage and I'm speaking in front of people and I crafted in that way like I have these lines that I'm going through that I'm doing as far as it goes so like sometimes what our dream is and our passion and what we've developed

[1353:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: it becomes something that might not be what we ever imagined and yet it's better than what we ever imagined to so

[1355:04] Speaker 4: yeah, it's it's so awesome. I had no business being in college basketball at the level I was at then I developed a dream like i My dream is to win win a national championship at the highest level but now and and we can talk about the past some of it about four and a half years ago, I got kicked out of college basketball in a wrongful way that I've been exonerated from since then. But now it's like, okay, well, I mean, I actually could potentially have a greater impact doing this and reaching more people than just coach 12 Man team. And, you know, in that process, so it's, yeah, ya know, the path we have for ourselves isn't always God knows what's best. And I, we could talk for another couple hours about my own path,

[1370:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think these are great lessons for people to hear is just all of this because again, that's another side of it, the resilience to, you know, getting getting kicked out of that realm, and yet still being able to rise above and stand in your authority of what you know, and not, you know, not sitting there like licking your wounds, feeling sad feeling like, oh, man, my world down and there's nothing about those days, I'm sure

[1377:03] Speaker 4: No, to be honest, I should have been on this path six months 3000 In February of 2019, I should have been on this path in March of 2018. It's taken me four and a half years to finally say, You know what daggone it like, this is what I'm supposed to be doing. And

[1381:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: human beings were really, really stubborn, especially if it's something we poured our life into we

[1382:56] Speaker 4: we named our first family dog resi after resilience because of what happened. And so every time we see resi every day, and he's full of like, that gives us that little, little push, continue to the resilient path, though. It's very wait. Thank you so much. I dominate the time. It's been awesome.

[1388:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're doing good. There wasn't anybody with other hands raised. You know, again, some people are throwing ideas here in the chat coach in the pocket podcast would be a cool, like leadership podcast, you could talk about, you know, that's the thing too, you could make a podcast, that's for coaches, that becomes your, for them. And then you would create what's your like selling is going to be maybe for these parents. So you kind of got these two. That's actually what I did. I put all my high level stuff in my podcast, it's very simple. don't realize that my grow your life podcast that I have, is probably some of the highest level content I've ever taught. It's like It's like 10 levels above and beyond what I even teach on these webinars.

[1399:09] Speaker 4: So let me ask you this quick question. And I am fully prepared. I got my set up here and everything. I'm gonna I was gonna start doing some YouTube videos on yeah, my content. So YouTube versus a podcast? Like what? Like, which one or both? Or like simultaneous or what's the best?

[1405:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: YouTube YouTube right now? Bar? None. I put all my episodes of my podcast on YouTube. Okay, so I filmed them as a video like this. Right here. I'm gonna see let me pull this up right here. Like this, this is I am going really vulnerable and sharing like, I've never shared like my full story of like, the hardships and stuff that I've been through till episode 246 are here. Wow. But it's this video here. I'm like, I can actually tell even some of it's hard for me to talk about. Because I actually started getting triggered by some things that I realized, while I'd never talked about this in a long time, you know, like, you can literally see it while I'm talking. But I put it out there raw, unedited. It's in that episode. No, that's not what all the episodes are. But my podcast is more of an outlet for me to talk about the stuff that I don't have another place to put it. Okay, and so I don't necessarily have I don't get a lot of sales from my podcast, but I get a lot of people who they come in for these types of webinars. And then they become a listener of the podcast from there. Because they're like, oh, I want to hear what he has to say over there. So like, logistics and tech for course creation. I break that down right here. Dealing with toxic haters. I recorded this one in my swimming pool right here. Oh my gosh, I just set the camera by the side of the pool and just talked for like 20 minutes. So the podcast is like super raw, unedited. Just were like this one. I was probably half asleep. But I pressed record did it. That was the episode. Why living a playful life can make you richer. Some people would be like, This is really weird. All that I don't care. I'm like, That's the podcast. But then I do content where it's like I have these short videos right here. And they deal with like one mini topic. They're usually like 10 minutes long.

[1437:01] Speaker 4: That's how I wanted to start. Yeah, yeah. YouTube

[1438:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: is definitely a great platform for that because you can have a lot of reach, but you'll also notice look, I mean, some of my videos only got like seven views. Like three views, this is literally a video where I break down how to target your Facebook ads and like only three people watched it in four months. And so So why I actually haven't figured that out yet. And that's why I don't claim to be a YouTube expert I know how to make offers work really well how to grow your email list and how to do it with like the Facebook side of things and Instagram. Um, I'm still pouring into like, some of my videos have a ton of views. And I guess if I was to focus on YouTube, I should just make videos about the topics that really start to go further. You know, like anytime I talk about the right way to start a course the right way to start a business, I get a ton of views on those. So like this is ranking my my videos by most popular to least popular from my live videos. But you know, my average is still not a whole lot of views on these right here. As far as that goes. If we were to pull in I do have like some shorts like some of these shorts, have well this video had 258,000 views. I took another person's video and created a voiceover like seven years ago to it about a computer. I did all these like these little computer videos have a lot of views. This one was probably my most viewed coaching video, taking blame and responsibility for other people's problems stop taking blame or responsibility. This was three years ago probably one of the best videos I did a lot of people liked it. One person was upset though they're like how can a parent not take care of their babies problems like a dirty diaper yada yada yada and I was like, like, they are responsible to take care of them. But they didn't cause that problem for a child different translation the word responsibility was like, like they didn't move the baby's diaper for them. You know, that's what I was saying. So, yeah, so YouTube, I got the podcast right here. I also though I haven't, it's on like Apple podcast, Spotify. Again, it's an outlet. YouTube, though a lot of my YouTube videos, the podcast is more of an outlet. For me, it's really good content. Most of my YouTube videos are geared around some topic that people ask questions for and then I'm directing them to register for some kind of a training that I'm doing. So like at the end of this video I mentioned like registering for the training I did Saturday, December 9 Right here. And truthfully, I probably should I edit these. So they're all leading to an active training. But I you know, I just haven't gone in and done that. Right. Like I said, I'm not a YouTube expert. I'm more probably an expert at coming up with content, but not necessarily how do I make YouTube work? But I can make Facebook and Facebook Ads work real well for you. I'm probably one of the best at doing the Facebook ads side of things for coaches. So

[1489:32] Speaker 4: yeah, well, this is,

[1490:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, we all have our lane and we don't that's why I say this, you know, we don't have to be the best at everything that might be impactful. Like me being incredible at YouTube would probably benefit my business. But I focused more on maybe another area, I told my wife that I said maybe this next year, so I should focus on making my YouTube a little bit more powerful. You know, maybe I should really focus on how do I how do I capitalize on this as a resource? It doesn't make my content any less valuable. But if somebody's coming to me like for YouTube, how to do YouTube, then necessarily, you know, not not really going to dive into this. Yes, we will be covering Facebook ads. On the I think on day four. As we go through that day four and five we cover about Facebook ads, Facebook ads, that was a pretty it's a pretty nuanced topic. I'll give you a little bit of a hint of a hint. By the way. Remember, I mentioned whether some free gifts that were given away at the end here, one of those has to do with Facebook ads, because it's a bit of a deeper conversation. Like to really teach Facebook ads is a little bit more time consuming than just what this is. So this is more focused on the offer. We'll touch on Facebook ads a little bit, but we're not gonna be doing like a huge deep dive into it as far as that goes. I'll say this though, what makes your Facebook Ads work is your sales copy. Because the algorithm is reading the sales copy to decide who to show your offer to. So everything hinges on the sales copy being dialed in. And so that's why again, we kind of started the idea of the sales copy tomorrow. I'm going to take some of the ideas and we're going to literally probably like the whole session most of it is going to be me and Chad GPT playing around with some of these different ideas come Meet up with copy for people. So there is a post in the group in the Facebook group for this event that I posted that I tagged everybody in. And you can find it right here where I said 15,000 bonus value. And if you hired me to actually write your copy run, your ads would start at 15k a month. That's why That's why I said that. And so to do this, to write your copy, that's what I would charge for that. Now, we also do this in my group coaching program, too. So again, that sales copy right there and just kind of pulling back the curtain on even what I wrote here. Some of that is just some, some sales copy, to grab your attention, things like that. But what we're going to do, though, tomorrow is this is what I'm going to do, I'm going to take some of your businesses, and we're going to do live copywriting on the fly live. And we're going to take that and we're gonna then even have you interact in the session. And we're gonna go through this together through some of these niches that are posted here, which is really, really cool. So if you go in the group, you fill in that information. We'll use that tomorrow for some of the training. Can you use AI for sales copy for ads? Yes, in fact, you'd want to, when you dial in your sales copy for your landing page, the way that we actually write our sales copy for our ads is using AI. And there's a prompt to this document right here. Like I'm actually giving you the prompts most people charge for the chat GPT prompts I give you those for free in this Google Doc in this prompt document. And then these are the prompts that we use, we tell it generate problem agitate solution copy for the and then we do the sales letter and then write Facebook ads based on the above. We tell it you are a sales copy expert who is an expert at writing Facebook ads copy all the top forms of persuasion. So the and then we also have one that where it can script out your video add to that it can script it out into these four steps an attention grabbing question, who you are and your qualifications a sentence that tells them what you are offering a call to action. So that's again, that's all in the document here, there's even this you can rewrite it if your ad got rejected, it can analyze for you why it did based on their community guidelines. An example of how this might work is just just raw. If I just take this page right here, and I don't have a lot of sales copy right here. But there's a little bit and I just take this page right here and I go into chat GPT and I say let's go into our customer instructions and delete that. I'm going to play you are a Facebook ads writing expert who knows how to write the best Facebook ads that convert for the coaching and mentorship niche. Okay, sales letter generate problem agitate solution and I didn't spell it right but that's okay. You don't you actually don't have to spell stuff right for Chatzi btw they figure it out even if you know problem agitate solution sales copy based on the below and then after you do this convert that to two to three possible Facebook ads. Right the Facebook ads copy Okay, so we take that sales letter right there real simple sales letter. Most people struggle with online marketing they struggle there's wasted hours and headaches my chat GBT prompts have helped clients make eight figures that are designed to simplify the process struggling to make an impact with online marketing transform your approach with my with Jeremiah's free chat GBT prompts, save time and headaches with these proven prompts that are have already helped our clients earn eight figures being lost in the maze of digital marketing. And here's what I might do too. Can you rewrite these in the first person instead of third person? Facebook ads copy feeling overwhelmed by marketing. I got just the thing for you. Discover my free chat GPT prompts that empower my clients eight figure success they provided marketing confusion and see the simplicity and efficiency download your props today. Okay, if I took this sales letter for actually let's take let's take one of my mom's sales letters right here. We're actually creating a new one for an ebook all about like aI stocks, but here's her stocks program if I take this and I tell it to do the exact same thing for her sales letter for her stocks program. I just paste the whole sales page right there. We'll follow the project Problem agitate solution first of all craft that feeling overwhelmed and uncertain about how to make money in stock trading many dream of making money you're not alone feeling lost without guidance, amazing confusion. Welcome to the stocks investment Academy tailored for both beginners make your first $1,000 growing a significant portfolio. That's basically what she sells to people, my mom has over a close to 3000 members in it. Transform your financial future with the stocks investment Academy, join our community and unlock the secrets of stock trading, whether you're starting with $50 or 5000, discover a path to financial growth start now be part of an extraordinary wealth transfer. Don't let complexity hold you back, join the stocks investment Academy. So literally, and we've tested the sales copy that's written by chat GPT works really well. It's even better if it's a free offer as well. And you have it write the copy for a free offer. And that's that's what we use to write all of our sales copy for our ads. And to script a lot of that out. So all right, everybody. Um, thanks for being here today. Thanks for joining us. Cassandra, I saw your private message that you sent. I'm gonna have Rebecca write you. Again. It's not the place where we're going to address those things right here as part of the accelerator. Cassandra, you do get access to the VIP here today. And so that's how you're how you're in here, but I'll have Rebecca right you as far as that goes. All right. Thanks, everybody. And I will see y'all tomorrow. We're gonna dive into and write your rights in your sales copy. We'll see you then.

