VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-07-13T20:54:29.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: ZQB-Vth5WDluUpPyxkweKHIZBTQ
---

[0:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're in our VIP room here today.

[1:46] Speaker 1: Let's go. Let's go go live on Facebook

[7:41] Speaker 1: so

[10:12] Speaker 1: they were similar like, invite copy the link go live into our CGA group

[17:08] Speaker 1: right there we go

[20:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, everybody. Welcome. Welcome to the VIP over here. How we doing? Hello? Hello, hello. Oh man, today was great. I I'm excited to share the framework tomorrow to with you guys just about what do you actually say in the structure? And how do you like you could do a great presentation, you could share content, I had a one on one client do this. She's like I recorded my webinar and I said, Did you have a did you have a call to action to buy something at the end? And she's like, Well, no, I just thought they'd go to my website and find it. That That sounds romantic. In theory, that's not, that's not in reality, people don't do that they don't actually operate that way. As much as we would love for them to as much as you know. So there's a structure and a cadence to how you actually run a live event and what you actually say. And so that's what we're going to be going over tomorrow, which is awesome. So I'm excited to do that with you. If you have any questions, raise your hand today. Angela rose. What's up, Angela? How are you?

[39:10] Speaker 2: Hi, hey, okay, I'm so excited. Thank you that you're opening the doors?

[40:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. have you with us, I think it's gonna be great.

[42:06] Speaker 2: Oh, man. So my, I've been waiting for this since December.

[43:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing here's the thing is we weren't offering the free gifts in December, the free gifts are a new thing that we've found.

[45:51] Speaker 0: Really, a it helps people kind of, it takes a lot some of the risk away, it makes it exciting, because you can try it out and you still get to keep those as well. I think you're going to be excited to see what those are two there. I, I'm, I'm not gonna say what they are right now. I want to say what they are, but I'm gonna I'm gonna reserve it for tomorrow. Why do I do that? Because I want to have maximum engagement on the event. And day five really is important for people to, to join and be a part of. And so you'll know tomorrow that will let you guys know.

[54:21] Speaker 2: My question this. I know that which you said yesterday, you were going to talk a bit more about Facebook ads and that kind of thing today. So I'm trying to map out the next launch and the runway and okay. I know to to do cats like you need a few days to see which ones are performing better, and all that kind of stuff. So

[62:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's changed in the last six months. You need at least about three days for them to kind of hone in on who the right person is. Okay, that wasn't the case a couple of years ago, they used to just like right away do that. And that's really I wish there was a way around that. What ends up happening is is like on day one when you launch your Facebook ad and some of you might have ran ads, and then turn them off on day two, because the cost was so high. Yeah, we ran it for for like this offer right here. One of the offers that we ran day one, when I ran the ads, it was like $50 a lead. By day three, it was down to $2 a lead because it started it found the right people. And so Facebook is trying to it's putting it out there in front of people to see, okay, who's responding to this. Okay, more people are responding. So then it starts showing it to that segment of people. And when I see as behind the scenes, the little robots are like putting it in front of different buckets to test out who clicks it, and then who signs up. And then once it kind of finds who that group is, it'll start just showing it to them. And that's how it'll go Like from day one, it was like 50 bucks a lead down to $2. On day two, I think we had like 400 people sign up for that offer, it was incredible. It was, we're gonna probably run that offer again next month, because it's the best one that we ran. So are you?

[84:39] Speaker 2: Are you running your Facebook ads directly to your live training?

[85:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm running the Facebook ads to register for the training.

[86:53] Speaker 2: Okay. Because in the past, which this still might be relevant, we've run Facebook ads to our free PDF opt in. And then within the nurture sequence of of that we have promoted them to the webinar. But but but there's no there's there's little to no no results with.

[95:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I'm sending people straight to the webinar registration itself. And what I found is a lot of times, that's an advanced, that's actually a more advanced strategy, going a PDF to a free webinar, I wouldn't do that until you get driving them straight to the webinar really clicking because because the more steps that people have until they sign up a your qualifying the more so part of it could be they sign up for the PDF, but they weren't really qualified for the the webinars so that can be part of that. That's why dialing in your registrations towards the webinar itself and the challenges itself. And then a big part of it is then training the lookalike audience to actually have that bucket of people. That's that's been the big one for me is now we have a look alike audience of all the people who have come through our webinars, right, yeah. And who've actually, what I look at is they checked out the accelerator, they at least looked at the accelerator landing page. I only ever mentioned the accelerator unless you're on my email list the waiting list or in the webinars itself.

[113:40] Speaker 2: Okay, we're gonna get email list, email list,

[115:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: the waiting list itself, which is also the email list, and the actual webinar itself. So I don't promote my accelerator itself with ads at all. Right, rightly mention it to people that are on the different trainings with us. So what that does is, the people who have actually gone in their web browser, visited the page to check out that that means that they've shown interest in the accelerator. I've told Facebook now create me a look alike audience of those people. And that's who we target all of our offers to, because it's targeting it to people that are most likely to check out our accelerator. And so that's that's given us the best cost and increased our sales and all that. And it gets better over time. I wish it was like immediate that it's like, oh, you you run one offer? And the lookalike does that. I found that it's gotten better each month to where the more people that we send to that page, the lookalike starts to, it starts learning, it's an actual artificial intelligence engine. A lot of people think AI just popped on the scene. Like last year, the Facebook ads algorithm has been an AI engine from the start. Wow. And so so we've been using the concepts of training AI, with how we run Facebook ads, even when we were doing that with my mom, the way that we were getting people to show up is this exactly what I'm teaching you guys right now is the sales copy, determines who shows up based on the relevancy to them. So it's based on their intent, that they've actually taken action and shown an interest, they've sort of they've walked through our virtual front door. So I want to tell the algorithm, show my ads to people that are similar to those that have walked through my virtual front door, more than anybody else. Okay, and so and then that's where then when we run our offers to that bucket of people, I can have confidence that they're qualified, right? That's where I have confidence in my targeting. My targeting is always based off of the intention of the lookalike audience, okay. And that's where you really start honing in. It's very difficult. In the beginning, you'll feed your offer to a detailed targeting audience where you're typing like those different interests, the interest based targeting. And we do have we have a course where I break this down, step by step in the accelerator, and it's updated to I did it like six months ago.

[158:31] Speaker 2: Okay, that's awesome. Okay, so this is this is back to my original question. Which I know once once we get into the accelerator and get started, that we'll dive deeper into this, but I'm trying to determine my calendar based Yeah. Based on wanting to close cart on wanting to close cars on either September, like first or eighth determine you based on we've got Labor Day in there and what does that look like with running ads I

[169:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: like I like closing the cart on Tuesday or Wednesday. Okay, so we found that frequently closing the card on Tuesday and Wednesday works better than any other day of the week.

[173:11] Speaker 2: Okay, so based on that, knowing that we're about six or so one

[174:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: piece of information might have saved some you up made a bunch of a bunch of money.

[176:10] Speaker 2: Absolutely. Because that's such a crucial,

[176:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, you can always close the cart Tuesday or Wednesday.

[177:52] Speaker 2: Okay, so based on that, I'm looking at the calendar looking at today is the 13th. And would you close cart prior to a holiday weekend, or after a holiday weekend? Prior to? Okay, so based on that, then I would be closing cart on August, the 20 bytes or 30. Of course,

[184:37] Speaker 0: I did it after the holiday weekend, this time around with the with Fourth of July. So I kind of like skipped into a week, because I was doing the Saturday webinars. Yeah. But yeah, I wouldn't have an overlap a holiday, I would either run your main promotion before or after the holiday. So that then people can either go into the holiday or they're coming out of the holiday.

[190:50] Speaker 2: Okay, I'd like to do it before the holidays. So. So

[192:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: this might answer your question. We don't want to run our ads for more than 314 days before an offer.

[195:21] Speaker 2: Okay, no more

[195:36] Speaker 0: than one specific offer. And so I did a series of Saturday events. And I've taught and I should have known better I tested this out this time I did four of them. Well, unfortunately, that means I'm running my ads for five weeks, I broke my rule. My rule is 21 days, that's three weeks. I don't run an advertising cycle for more than 21 days because people lose interest. What I found is a lot of the people who came in four and five weeks ago, I haven't seen them on here during the whole five day event. Interesting. So people lose a lot of interest on the internet. Yeah, after about 21 days, yeah, their attention span for you and what you're offering disappears, and they're on somebody else's offer, or they're on to just ignoring, you know, whatever it is. So people when they sign up for something, you're gonna want to make your call to action within about 21 days from the time that they first meet you.

[212:08] Speaker 2: Okay, well, and knowing that, let's say we close cart Wednesday, the 30th. And I'm my target market is women, typically with kids, and they've got back to school stuff, I definitely want to make sure their kids are in school and, and they can have some focus time. Um, so about 14 days to run the campaign. And so so knowing that is probably middle of August.

[221:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And here's, here's what I'll here's what I'll look at the 14 days you can add on top of the 21 days idea, because the 14 days is leading up to the first time that they've actually interacted with you. So what I look at is what's that first interaction where they're hearing your voice, not just registering? That's I try not to go. I know it might sound I'm trying to explain it in a simpler way. Here's what I did wrong this time because I don't do everything perfect. And I look at the numbers and then I course correct as I ran a webinar right here on the 17th of June. Okay,

[231:57] Speaker 2: sorry, can you pause? I can't see the writing.

[233:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because of what

[233:35] Speaker 2: I think the color of the pen I'm not sure.

[234:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, let me try that. Let me try this one. I need to get some better. Better pens too. So I ran this on June 7 to June 17. Okay, I ran ads for 14 days before this. That was fine. The problem that I did was And I ran one on June. Oh, I think it was like 24th. July 1, now we got Fourth of July here and we have July 8, what I would have done differently is I would have just eliminated this one all together, the June 17. One, and I would have ran ads to the June 29. For 14 days, because this is 21 days right here. This is three weeks.

[247:04] Speaker 2: So 14 days prior to your live events.

[248:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, as far as running, that'll give you the best cost per lead is why, if you run it for less than that your cost per lead can go up. That's if you want to budget it right. Now, here's the other thing, too, I don't like to run ads directly to an offer for more than 14 days. Because if people register three weeks before a free event, oftentimes, they will forget that they registered for it. And they won't even show up. So now my ad spend was wasted on people who made a decision that they're not interested in showing up. Right? Right. So these are all kind of like, balancing that out, is you kind of have a window of time. It's about I look at like a month long cycle to to promote your offers to people and then get them in front of you and then make your make your clothes now for me, then what I'll do is I'll do I'll either take the next month off, and just serve my coaching group. I did that last month. Yeah. Or just spend time structuring my systems and things like that, and my offers, or I might go right back into the next month doing another round of this just depending on if I want to do that or not. That's sort of my own choice. I would try to and here's the thing in this, I'm promoting the same offer. I'm promoting the I'm promoting the accelerator I'm promoting at the end of it all roads lead to the accelerator. Yeah. For me. So that's really just one offer that I I'm funneling people down into, by serving people based on what are the problems that they have. And so we're solving that in different trainings. And during a five day event like this,

[276:16] Speaker 2: so are you ever running ads directly to your free PDF like your your chat GPT prompts or anything like that? Just to get them out? Oh,

[278:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I'm only I'm just I'm mentioning that on my trainings, I haven't ran any ads to that at all? No,

[280:09] Speaker 2: I'm just wondering, like, and this is probably once we get into the accelerator, I just have a lot more detailed questions. But I just don't want to miss the window.

[283:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Location, the psychological qualification of somebody who signs up for a PDF is far lower than that of somebody who signs up to a training where they have to make time in their schedule to show up. Absolutely. And one of the most, one of the one of the negatives of hosting virtual events like this, one of the negatives people say is, well, they don't have time to show up. People are busy, they don't have time to make time in their schedule, that negative is actually a positive because you're qualifying people to make it important to actually be there to listen to you. And so if somebody's not going to make time to show up, what that tells me is they're not going to make time to show up in the accelerator, they're not going to make time to apply what we're going to teach there. So I would rather create a little barrier of entry by having this. And then now here's the other thing, too, if I go on my social media on any given day, here's how we know what the best type of offers are. That's working, who else is spending a lot of money on Facebook ads on my social media feed? What type of offers are they doing, and if I scroll my social media, every person who's out there that's running offers is to some kind of a training event that's on a specific day that people have to register for. So I know that at this moment in time that that is the best offer that even my competitors are running because that's what's converting to sales for them to and in my business. This has been the best offer type that's worked for us. This is what this is what we've seen, since the pandemic has worked. Um, the the, it's a variation of the traditional webinar model. But it's really about when you get qualified people the goal is when you get the right people in front of the right presentation, and then you deliver a good presentation. Yeah, and we have a ton of trainings in the accelerator on how to deliver that presentation, the nuances of it, that's a big area that we help you with. Once all of those pieces are aligned, that's why most people when they try to run webinars, they don't get any sales is because those they're not getting the right people in front of the right presentation at the right time. I'm and that maybe or maybe they're getting people in front of them, but they're not confident to sell their offer. They're struggling with the self confidence. They're struggling to be able to do that. So it's once you put all those pieces together the way that we've shown this week, and the way that we work with you in the accelerator, that's where it starts to work. And that's where we start to see those sales numbers coming in for you.

[326:40] Speaker 1: Okay, awesome.

[326:55] Speaker 2: I'm excited to next week so that, yeah, we can dial it in. Thank you.

[328:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Doug, Doug's got his hand raised. How are you?

[329:48] Speaker 3: Good. Question Now, that Facebook ads, you ran for the three Saturdays, and then this challenge worth, I guess, four different Facebook groups pop up groups that you ran? Is there any reason you did it to four separate Facebook groups versus just putting them all in this main one?

[335:58] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's because

[336:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a button that I press on my streaming, when I go live, and it'll go into all those different groups. And so some people, because Because for those events that we ran, June 17 20, Knights first and eighth, we directed all those people to join us on July 10, through the 14th. By the way, in the beginning, you don't need to run like for these and do all this, you can just run a one day webinar, or you can just run a three day event. The reason why I do this is it's brought my cost down for this much lower. It's about five times as much work though. But because I'm maxing my cost out like crazy, that's why I keep doing it. It's like I'm gonna do whatever brings my costs down, and I can systematize it, it works great. So because of that the people that we invited to this, I already know that they're in these four groups right here. But they maybe didn't register for this, but I might catch a few of them that are already in these groups. And so that's why I'm streaming it to them as well. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Yeah, it's just, it's more just to get more eyeballs on it. Deena, I see your question. Can I understand a little bit about what you mean by that? Do you use the target audience feature when you post the ad? Can you explain what you mean by that data?

[363:04] Speaker 1: Okay, so it says Facebook can just choose an audience for you. Or you can go in and click different things. Now, it might be a little different for me, because I'm in Canada, and Facebook, Instagram. No, really, because I don't find much audience at all, when I cross my ads through the border. And I get tons of response from Canada. So I don't know. Yeah, I guess it's because I just still too little

[370:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: by you using the Facebook Ads Manager?

[371:02] Speaker 1: I think so. Yeah. Yeah. And then you let you put in keywords to the group you want it to go to? Is that what you do for your target? Or do you have a different system?

[373:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: That if you have no audience whatsoever already built up? That's how you'll start. But the goal is to create what's called a look alike audience. Okay. And that's what I don't know about. Okay. Yeah. And so a look alike audience is, it's really what Facebook wants you to do. When you type in those keywords, those are not super targeted towards who you're actually sending your offer to. The goal is to build a look alike audience of people that are qualified for what you're selling at the end. And so what I do is I take a bucket of people that have checked out the accelerator, they've actually gone to the page on my website for the accelerator. And then I tell Facebook, find me 11 million people like those that have visited this page. And so what it does is it calls it it's just called a look alike audience. They look alike to Facebook, the profiles and stuff, and they don't tell me who the profiles are. But they but they look like the people that visited on that landing page. And so then the AI in Facebook will show my offer to that group of people that is that is they have all these little data points on what pages we interact with what websites we visit, all of that those data points go into a bucket it's anonymous the bucket is but when we we train it based off of sending people to the different offers. And then that bucket we tell Facebook show my ad to more people, it gives us a group of about 11 to 15 million people that are similar to those that visited that. And then that's who we actually send our offer to. Okay. And so then because of that is I have, I have a lot of confidence. Once I have the lookalike audience running, as I have a lot of confidence that they're that they're actually qualified for what I'm marketing, because it's based off of the actions that previous people took. Yeah. And so that that's the part where then then the feedback loop, you get people to tell you, what are their struggles? What are their pain points, what do they want to learn? And so because you're basing your lookalike audience off of the bucket of people that already took action with you, when you create offers based off of what that same bucket said that they're struggling with and want to learn, and then you show it to that group of people via alignment, to show your ad to the right people is scary, accurate. It's really good. And that's how we don't lose a lot of money on our ads, because we've qualified who we actually show it to. We did a similar thing with with Rick Pino. Here's a mistake that we actually made that you can learn from, is we had a bucket of people that they had signed up for a free offer with Rick. And so we were using that as our look alike audience. Well, unfortunately, that started to bomb and people started to not show up, and they started to not purchase. Why? Because we were prioritizing people that just wanted free stuff. Yeah. So when we were trying to sell to them, it started showing us lower quality leads that just wanted free stuff. So then you go one level above, I created a look alike audience of people who had joined our free events, but they had checked out the $1,000 offer. That was only about 15% of our registrants. So if I have like 200 people who sign up for a free offer, I might only have 30 of them that actually check out my paid offer. So I'm gonna have Facebook, show it to people that are more like those 30. And not like the 200 that had no interest in checking the paid offer out. And the algorithm completely shifts the group of people that it shows it to, even if it's the same offer. So even if it's the same landing page, the look alike audience is going to shift it towards those that are more likely to purchase on the back end. Because it's okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yep. And as far as like walking you through how to do that, that's in the courses that we have in the accelerator, okay, in the in the Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners course, specifically. And then I'm creating a new one starting in about a week or so. It's the essentials of running Facebook and Instagram ads, to where I'm going to keep it like the basic basic basics of what you need to know to get up and running in less than a day to run Facebook ads. So I'm going to be recording a new training, it's a little bit more simplified than the previous one that I did. I thought this one was simplified, people still told me it was a little more advanced for them. So now I know that after a year of our group going through it, I'll be making like an improved 2023 version here next week for the group. So

[456:08] Speaker 1: do you ever sell anything as one offs? Or is everything in that group?

[457:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Everything is in that group? I don't sell anything outside of that. What I do sell outside of that as the VIP to these events that we're running? Yeah, yeah. So these would be kind of considered my one offs would be these type of events right here. The purpose behind these events is ultimately to lead people to where I can best serve people the most.

[464:03] Speaker 1: That's good. while still providing

[464:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe I've provided a lot of value in I know, this has been a It's not like I've spent the last five days just pitching you on my program. Though, I will tell you like I want everybody to jump into it. So

[468:51] Speaker 1: before this week, I knew nothing about AI. So it's changed my whole. That's cool. And all the fear away from me about what to say. So that is just that's a really

[471:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool. Yeah, it's so cool. How it's able to do that. Yeah, it's good. All right, Ed. Ed's got his hand up. What's up, man? Yeah.

[473:54] Speaker 4: Hey, how's it going? Oh, I was wanting to talk more about the local stuff, too. So Kevin, put a comment in the comment box. It's probably a similar question. If you already. Let's say you have a list of people that were Facebook, attendees from a past webinar that you did it all, and what information would you need for on them to create the look like, do you just need their name? Do you need an email

[480:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: just need their email address, you just need their email address. Okay, so they also like they even if that was their old email address, their algorithm knows how to find their more recent one.

[484:34] Speaker 4: So it does it by email, not by name, that

[485:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: email is one of the best indicators, because a lot of people can have the same name, if you have name and email address. That's why for all of my offers, I grab name and email. And if you have phone number, even, that's even better. It'll correlate kind of all of that to find the most accurate people. And then they have behind the scenes, it'll like rank it as far as its confidence level of who those people are. And then you can tell it to create a look alike of those people. The thing that I like to do with a list of people is what's called retargeting ads. So I will show my offers to people that are already on my email list. And they'll continue to see my offers. So what's cool is they allow you to continuously show offers to people that already signed up with you, for a much lower cost than a cold audience out there. It's way cheaper. I could take my email list right now and show just an offer to those people. And I wouldn't have to spend, I would spend 1/10, of what I do to go find a cold audience, because they're already on my email list. And they already know who I am. And so if they love my content, they're going to engage more of the algorithms gonna show the content to them at a much lower cost than if I use a look alike audience. However, I'll max out on how often I can use the same people. So I am still filling my pipeline with new people on my email list. And about

[508:47] Speaker 4: you can use a look alike. Add more than a certain period of time or the group. No, no,

[510:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can use the look like well, you can use it for about like, what do you mean by that?

[512:22] Speaker 4: Oh, yeah, cuz you said you got to filter new people in because you can only use it so much. So did you mean

[513:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, no, I'm talking about retargeting my existing list of people. Like let's say you're on my like, let's say you're on my email list. And now I'm going to show ads to you. But let's say that you're somebody that just you're like, Okay, I've seen enough of Jeremiah's ads. This guy's stupid. I can't stand him. I don't want to see anything. Eventually, people are going to start ignoring you. And you're going to have to get new people in front of you. Oh, okay, so that's retargeting ad. Yeah, because ultimately you're going to sell to everybody that is in that group that's going to actually buy from you. And so filtering new people into your email list is how you getting new business into your pipeline is an important part of the process.

[524:09] Speaker 4: But if you have a look alike audience to start people that would qualify for lookalike audience, you would start out with the regular ads to kind of test it out. And then you would do the retargeting later, or you could do

[527:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do both, I would do both, I would retarget those people. And I would have another ad set with a look alike of those people, especially if what they purchased was similar in topic to what you're marketing. Now. If it's not similar in topic, you could still do that if they know who you are. But the lookalike is gonna go more based on their desires, and what they like how similarly they are to what they previously purchased from you. Versus your retargeting is based on the trust that they already have with you, because they've already made a connection with you. So those are kind of two separate things. And we utilize both of them consistently, I'm constantly, if you join my email list in in December, you're gonna see the ads that I'm running every single every single month, until you tell Facebook to hide the ads from me. But then I'm also finding new people that have never seen my ads as well to bring them into the pipeline. And then

[543:51] Speaker 4: I know you do the kind of build up for one, that type of thing. But what if we wanted to do like a weekly webinar, and just keep building for the weekly webinar without creating all the Facebook groups, because I've seen do that before and I understand it and

[548:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: do that I have seen people do that. I've seen the the financial sales percentage results of that dips a little bit lower than how I'm doing it. And so because of that, I know that if I just did a weekly, like webinar, I would want to be filtering new people into that. But I found that this model of having some kind of a three to five day, we're actually mentioned my program works better than just a single day webinar. And that's that's worked consistently for us really well. So if you're just doing a weekly webinar, here's the thing that ends up happening with that as well. People will expect it, that's one of the things and they'll start to ignore it.

[561:44] Speaker 1: And so unless they're new people.

[562:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so because of that, it would be for new people, your leverage, I really like to leverage existing people, as well as new people. So the way that I do it provides a little bit more leverage with people who are already on my email list. Because they don't know when my next webinar is because I don't pre announce that we have a whole bunch of them that are not honest, on a consistent schedule. And so I announced them when they come up. And so because of that people, the right people end up staying on my list, because they want to know when the next events are that we're doing. So I found that that I found that that's helpful as well.

[573:42] Speaker 4: Okay, cool. And then finally, for the program, how much access do we get to you during the week? Like, do you do one or two calls a week, I forgot which

[575:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do one call a week on Mondays. And then once a month, we have a Thursday, I did that this morning, where we do copywriting review landing page review, I did two hours before this, but I'm also in the group itself responding to any posts that you make. So you could literally post like a question every day in there, and I'll respond back. So I'm not on a zoom call with you every day. But I'm there looking at the at the comments that you leave, and then I'll leave feedback, I'll leave some suggestions for your copy for your offers all that. So you get you get a ton of access to me as far as structured in a way that works really well for my schedule. And that is also a good balance for the people in the program. Yeah. All right. Cheryl, Cheryl.

[591:15] Speaker 5: Hey, they're going back on but everybody else to talk to hit X a different question. But when you're setting up the backend to your Facebook group, and you're trying to figure out who you want to your generate leads from

[594:49] Speaker 1: what about, you know, like, a look

[595:58] Speaker 5: alike would be like, maybe you're a competitor in the business, I have the same type of customers that you want. And you can just use them as you know, I want to look at like Khan look like like that person.

[599:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you do that? Well, you can't they don't let you do that the way that you're describing it. Unless you are friends with that person and you have their actual email lists themselves. Um, when, when Rick, when Rick Pino started his business coaching, I actually gave him my list and made him a look alike audience of all my people, so that he could start to target to business people from that because he didn't have any of those people initially. And so I did this, I did the same. I do that with some of my higher level clients, but I'll provide some of that for them if they're in a similar niche, but you can't make a look alike of your competitors stuff. You can target some competitors if they're big enough to target. Like I could target Frank Kern, Gary Vaynerchuk Russell Brunson. I probably can't target. Oh, what's the gals that I'm thinking? Mollie Pittman Taki. More, I don't think that they are on there that I can target those, you know, but I can target larger pages that have people. The goal though, is to create a look alike audience of who takes action with you. So they they've gone from the ether of not knowing who you are. They have no clue who you are to now they're on your email list. And they've actually sat through some kind of a training with you or they've downloaded your PDF or something like that. Creating a look alike of those people who took action with you. That will be that's the best way to laser focus in on the right people for your offers.

[626:12] Speaker 5: Okay, so that people are signing up for your email list. Alright, so my question was that when we get ready to launch, I was I've heard in the past where you would start promoting your offer or just promoting things on your say your Facebook Instagram page six weeks out, so you're just giving them content timed out, you know, thought a roadmap kind of say, and then you're saying 14 days before you actually launch your webinar is when you start promoting the offer.

[634:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Our system almost does not use very little organic, posting at all. The only people that are organically going to see my stuff are ones that are already engaging with me. And I only share that during the week of what they're doing. We we built. We tested this with Rick he didn't run any organic content whatsoever for a year straight and made a million dollars a month in that year, because what you run on paid advertising has nothing to do with what you do organically, the two are separate from each other, unless you're trying to build an audience based off of your organic traffic as far as that goes, All right.

[645:41] Speaker 5: And, you know, I've been trying to do it organic, and it's really hard to get enough people to register.

[647:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's happened a big time after COVID Because everybody became a coach. Yeah, factor. So now the algorithm doesn't push coaches content out to people organically very much. Okay. And so yeah, so that's why a lot of the like, organic strategies that people teach, I, I've tried all of them myself, I post I posted every single day, three times a day, five times a day, all that I still barely get any traction with my organic content, except for people that are already on my email list that are already following me. So I use my organic for a different purpose. Now, my organic is just to serve the people that are already engaged with me.

[659:16] Speaker 0: And then my goal is I want to get people on some kind of a of a presentation that I'm doing that they have to register for. As far as that goes, I'm sharing, I'm still sharing content organically. You can go check my YouTube, I got a video almost every day that I post on there, I got a podcast, things like that. They might only have 12 to 15 views on them. I'm not really optimized for that, could I focus a bunch of my energy on that? Sure. But in my in my experience of what's actually produces the most amount of money in my business, is that it's not been the organic. By consistently posting on organic, though I don't get as many negative comments or people saying that, like, I'm not legitimate because I have consistent content. So it helps to legitimize you to people while you're running your ads. But it's not really the best mechanism to fill your pipeline with new people. That's why That's why as much as we don't like it paid advertising is the most consistent way to actually get new people in front of you. Yeah, because I've already

[675:44] Speaker 5: I've already done this, I've already got 12 people who registered knowing top people who got on the waitlist, six people have actually registered for the webinar. And the problem is my webinar actually goes live August 1, okay. So you know, and so out of those six people, how many will show up, but if nobody shows up, then

[681:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, you might have that happen. And that's where we can evaluate that and then maybe do one for mid August or September 1. That's that's, that's one of the biggest parts is like, pay if nobody shows up, I had a gal in our in our coaching group. She, she ran an offer, nobody showed up. That was nine months ago, she was devastated by that. She has been working now on just getting the confidence to even do another offer because she felt burned by the algorithm that nobody showed up. That's an area that I think that I have a lot of empathy for it because that was what was preventing me from launching a lot of offers, one of the best things that we can do is is this is this to see it as more of like, I'm not always expecting it to work out, I'm really curious to see how people respond. And then I can learn from that data to tweak and adjust it to make it better next time. And then ultimately, the more we do that, we end up optimizing it to where things do start clicking, and they start working. I've not seen people not have to experiment and optimize their offers. I think that that's one of the that's one of the hardest things. That's one of the hardest things that we have to accept about the business of mentoring and coaching is that there is a experimentation market research process to see. What do we actually say in our offers to get the right people in front of us? You know,

[707:12] Speaker 5: I wouldn't be totally devastated if only six people but

[708:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't think that you would exactly but some people, some people are

[709:12] Speaker 5: and I would not. And I'll tell you why. I'd be like, Oh good. There's only six people. So if I screw this thing up, I look like an idiot. My first one right? At least you got to

[712:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: get it out. I'll tell you if you screw it up or look like an idiot. They'll forget about you tomorrow and you can find new people that's it. You know, I have so many stories. I have a guy. He could make millions doing what I've taught you guys. He he he actually texted me the other day. And his biggest reason why is he doesn't want to screw it up and make a fool of him. Self as why he, it's been four years since we've been talking, he calls me once a year says I want to get going. And I'm like, You got to launch this. And his biggest thing is, well, I come from the TV world. And I don't want to set the wrong impression with people initially. And I tell him, dude, like, on the internet, you might set the wrong impression initially. But you can, you can read, you can, like, resolve that by just showing up and optimizing your offer. We got to, we got to stop being worried that we're gonna mess up our reputation, because our first time out there wasn't perfect.

[728:30] Speaker 5: I come from the TV world, they come from the radio world, and yeah, listen, they all kind of mess up. It's I think,

[730:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it really has a lot to do with just how we think about what we're willing to do. I think a lot of people are not willing to experiment and try things out. And people have more, they're more risk averse than others. You know, I

[734:04] Speaker 5: tell people, even in my coaching and coaching, so listen, you can start your own coaching, you just need to know 10% More than the person you're teaching. Your 10% You're teaching, they're gonna think you're like a genius.

[737:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's true. It's true. Hopefully, you can make six figures. You can make six figures just knowing 10% More than 100 other people. Exactly. And I guarantee you every single person here knows 10% More than 100 other people about some topic. Or you can learn it, and now it's at GBT, like, I spend time learning about new topics just with chat GBT where I used to read articles. And I used to do that. As I'm asking chat, GBT like it's this coach to me to learn about new things. I've learned a lot about technology and politics and things like that, that I didn't know before, by just seeing like, what chat GPT has told me. So we have we're live in such as crazy information world with YouTube, Google Facebook, coaching programs, that you can learn anything in about six to 12 months, and become and become, you know, near expert level compared to other people. That was never the case five years ago, or even 10 years ago now. Like, you know, what I love is chat GBT. I could say if I want to, I can literally ask if I want to learn about this topic, what would be the steps to do so. And it could literally create a lesson plan for me. I look back six

[758:17] Speaker 5: years ago, and I'm like, I didn't even know how to use my Facebook group. My kids are laughing at me. They're like, Mom, click doing that. You know, I had no clue what I was doing. And now here I am, you know, and I tell them, like, five years old. You know, my friends are like, Oh my gosh, you know, when you're over 50? You can't do this. It's I'm 65 and I'm figuring it out.

[763:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you can do it. For sure.

[764:15] Speaker 1: Sure, my hand was next on The Cube zoom, put it down. I need to go in 10 minutes. So can I go next? Next on The Cube. Sure. Okay. Just some quickfire questions? Who does Facebook promote? Now, if it's not coaches anymore?

[769:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: They promote? Well, scroll on your social media feed. And you'll see they promote political videos, they promote funny stuff, they promote whatever people engage with the most that gets people to stay on their platform. And so and so like if you scroll reels and on your feed and all that memes, things like that, that's what they push the most organically. But here's the thing is, I know people 510 years ago, you could get like a, like a million people to engage with you organically. And now you'd have like a business that's making millions of dollars. I just talked to a coach and a one on one client of mine.

[781:26] Speaker 0: She her business partner has a tick tock page with 2 million people. They ran an offer, they got 3000 of those 2 million. That's only that's not a lot of them. But that's a decent amount. Yeah, sign up on the email list. And they got 200 of them signed up for $1,000 training. So I thought that was really cool. But then they ran the offer again to the to the Tiktok audience, and they only got 20 sales. Because that tooth that 200 sales that they got initially, that was their most engaged people out of that 2 million, it was only about 200 That would actually purchase something. It's a lot less leverage. And now she's like, Okay, now we got to run paid advertising because we literally like already, everybody organically. So and I was like great. Yeah now, but what's cool is they were able to take the organic build a look alike audience of those 200 And now they're finding new people and they're doing that and they're there. They're building a great brand, which is fun. So

[797:57] Speaker 1: my other quick question was, Is it a waste of time to use Facebook ads to promote your PDF lead magnet And as a webinar veteran said,

[800:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would use a, I would use a PDF lead magnet to then push people to a webinar. Yeah, the chances of somebody becoming a client just off of a PDF and a nurture sequence are a lot lower than they were a few years ago.

[804:55] Speaker 1: Yeah. Because everybody's doing that. Yeah. But you want your you want a decent ROI from your Facebook ads, right? So that's why I'm asking, what is better to use a Facebook ad for a PDF, or a webinar?

[808:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That depends, let me let me break that down for you. So like, right now, I'm promoting webinars and trainings, I plan on in the next 12 months, having three or four PDFs that I'm going to promote. But the goal of those is to push people to my webinar training. Yeah, because I've already dialed in what the messaging is, I'm literally here's how I'm gonna make those PDFs. By the way, I'm gonna take my webinar content filter through a, I have a PDF off of what this is, and then just send people up the funnel that way, that's a great way to do that. Now, I haven't done that. PDF downloads are a cheaper cost per lead. But they're also less qualified because

[820:36] Speaker 1: the last

[821:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: barrier of entry activity movement, it takes very little for people to download a PDF, read it, and then move on with their life. Yeah, when somebody registers for a webinar, they gotta make time to show up with you, they gotta listen. So that person is more qualified and more likely to become a client. I've used PDFs to create our look alike audience, but I've not seen PDFs directly impact sales as much. And so I still would say, if you're going to use a PDF, you still want to have on the back end some kind of a training that you're pushing them

[830:24] Speaker 1: to once Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course.

[831:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've not tested it the way that you're describing, though. I've seen some other people do it. So for me to say guaranteed Yes, a PDF is going to work that way for you. I don't have the data because we haven't. We haven't built funnels that way. And we've not gotten the same results that we have off of video trainings with PDFs when we've ran them before. We did years ago, not as much now. So I think your PDF needs to be really strategically focused, and have some kind of a call to action at the end of it for that to work. But that's me just sort of looking at what I've seen other people do. What I've done, that's worked the best with our clients has been these the the virtual events, webinars, trainings, three day events, five day events, those those can those convert to sales. Once you got the right people in front of you, they convert to sales with consistency, more than anything else.

[847:23] Speaker 1: And then just last quick question is you were mentioning that you're going to be running a Facebook ads training next week. How how do we register for that? Or is that Oh, my.

[850:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's in the accelerator. It's a new Facebook ads course that I'm putting in the accelerator for our group. So we got two Facebook ads courses in there right now. I have one that I did in 2020 called social media ads that work. And then I have one that I did last year called Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners. I'm making another one that says it's like Facebook ads essentials, to where it's kind of like just the bare minimum, your campaign up type of stuff. So that'll be in our accelerator, because a lot of people have been asking for that in our group over the last year.

[859:31] Speaker 1: And I'm going to propose a new idea for you to consider Jeremiah. So you've now teased us with this new course that only exclusively exclusive people in your accelerator currently can take. But because we're not in your accelerate, and we have to wait and wait for you to open it up again. Would you consider offering it as like a one off for those not in your accelerator yet, but are chomping at the bit

[866:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: to go into your I'm not going to well, were you on the training today? So I opened the doors to the accelerator today.

[867:53] Speaker 1: Oh, I just realized that. No, I wasn't on the training. Yes, yes. Yeah.

[868:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I opened it today. Okay, you can go, you can go into there and it's open until Tuesday next week. Okay, so I was talking about the end at the end of today's thing. Again, there was a lot that I covered today. And so if you want to if you do want to jump into that it's over at my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com.

[874:50] Speaker 1: Okay, thank you. All right, I need to go to my next call. But lovely seeing you again, and I'll see you tomorrow. All right. I'm going to post the link just in here. Yeah, that'd be great if you post that link there.

[878:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right there. And so what we're doing is I had mentioned this is that just for people trying the accelerator for 30 days that we're also including three free gifts that I'm going to tell people what those are tomorrow. And I think you're gonna like what those are so,

[882:35] Speaker 1: okay, and I'll send you an email about this later. So be on the lookout, and hopefully someone from your team can respond. Alright.

[885:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see Lin German.

[887:44] Speaker 1: Lin German. Okay, can you hear me?

[889:10] Speaker 6: Hey, hi. I have a similar question to Kevin yesterday because I have this idea. But I don't have an idea how it will make money. Because it's more of a life coaching sort of thing. And I'm looking at what you're offering, and you're offering for people to make money. And life coaching is sort of a more indirect approach. Like if you're doing better in your life, you're going to make more money that it's like a third step in. And my husband saying to me, Well, what would you talk about? So I'm still trying to figure out what my audience would be. And how,

[899:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, have you coached at least 50 people already? I'm a

[901:02] Speaker 6: teacher, okay. That's my life things. I'm just kind of coaching me.

[902:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what's one of the biggest areas that people like really frequently come to you to teach them about?

[904:09] Speaker 6: Self Confidence?

[904:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. So self confidence has a lot of different branches off from it, it increases people's ability to sell themselves get promotions at their job, to be able to have more, their better relationships with your spouse, that you'll have a better sex life, if you have more self confidence, all of that. There's like different like hooks that you could use. And so when you can find us like a specific desire to raise somebody's self confidence, and that's in a in a, that's, that's what we call our niche. So if we're doing self confidence coaching, what's funny is that's actually what we built Rick pinos worship coach around his whole offer was the confidence, to worship and to write songs, and to put your songs out there. That was his main thing for four years that we did was all about self confidence. I mean, I think I think he is one of the most confident people I've ever met in my entire life. And so he embodies what he's selling to people. As far as that goes, plus, he has written a bunch of amazing songs, he's friends with all these people. And so a lot of people will see, okay, the self confidence that he had, or the self confidence that you have, or your clients, and then what is that sort of trajectory result? That a lot of the people that come to you for self confidence, what are they wanting to grow in their self confidence around? And then what does that lead to in their life, if you could find a pattern of that in people, you can then turn that into a coaching program, you could build a coaching program just around being self confident, but the more specific we get about, let's say, you know, there's a difference between somebody who wants confidence in the bedroom versus confidence in the boardroom. Right? You couldn't teach both. But I would, you know, you could have the offer be, actually would be an interesting headline. Confidence in the bedroom? Yeah. Like in that, though, like, you could look at, like, what are the goals are when it comes to an offer that we're making people, even if it's not related to making money, there's a goal that people have, and there's a barrier that they that they want to get to, okay. So where they are now and where they want to be, you're able to bridge that gap for them. And that's what you can sell them is if they believe and trust that by working with you that their confidence in that area will grow faster than working at it on their own. They'll be willing to make an investment to do that. And I think that that is that's really what you end up selling to people is it's it's compressing the timeline that it takes to reach that goal. So if somebody I, you know, I think that people could learn self confidence on their own, I think, I think it can take 2030 years for a lot of people on their own. You know, I've always noticed I'm like, people older than myself seem to have a lot more confidence than I do. Why is that? And then I go and I asked him, I said, what drives your self confidence? And I And I've asked people this question and a lot of times they always start with you know, not caring what other people think about you is one of the first things well for me, that was one of the hardest ones. I still struggle with that To this day, but I'm further along today in that than I was before. So in that people will pay you for being able to compress that timeline for them to solve that problem.

[963:37] Speaker 6: Okay, that's helpful, because I didn't know if I was just going nowhere if I had something that had to work.

[965:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I think I think that that, then what you do is you play around with Chad GBT and you start to look at, you know, what are the different pain points solutions, a real common one is just people, they want to be able to either advance their career or have the confidence to leave a career, you might not, you don't need to teach them like how to how to build a business, but just to have the confidence to do it to take the leap to get started. Because that's where a lot of people are at, they just need that confidence to take that leap. Great, I found myself in my business that I work better with people that they already, they already have that confidence themselves, or they just need a little bit of a push, and the help with the sales copy and all that to have the confidence to put themselves out there. So that's why like, I don't target around that offer. But I know that you can make a lot of money by doing that. Because the currency of business online is trust. If you connect with, I don't know, do you only connect with women? Do you connect with men and women,

[982:50] Speaker 0: depending on who you connect with, when they trust you, that you'll be able to move them from where they are to where they want to be. And then you make an offer that cost them money, people are willing to purchase it no matter who's selling it. And it's really because they're connecting with you, versus just what the what the what the result is. And I feel like I host these events because it gives me a chance to personally connect with amazing people on the internet. And that's why I do this. And then by connecting with those people, some of them end up becoming a coaching client of mine. So that's the whole process that's really underneath the hood. What the whole process of this is, is to create connections with people and create opportunities to where you can help somebody else reach their goal. And there's a monetary exchange there in doing so.

[997:22] Speaker 6: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.

[998:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's my sort of monetary theory of coaching if I was to, like, sum that up. Good. Well, I guess no, sorry. Yeah. All right. Kevin, how are you, Kevin?

[1002:05] Speaker 7: Good and good to see you. When we know each other, we work together on different stuff. But um, yeah, I was I had a question for you. And this feel like this is like a tip of the iceberg question. So if this is just like, too big of a mammoth, it's fine. I'd love to see like a five or 10 minute breakdown of like your back end automations email sequences, like your project, make sure you have your team do stuff, because I'm entering a phase into my business where I want to do more presentations, and how to make that something that is sustainable. And I know that if I do it all myself, that's how it won't happen. So like the system, the systems for how you built it, or if it's something where you're like, I really don't have anybody doing anything, I'm doing pretty much everything,

[1015:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, not doing, I started doing everything myself. I'm in the accelerator, we have a course called automated marketing secrets, where I do go over quite a bit of that, that's in there, and how all that set up and I break it down, step by step, all of those as far as the backend email automations. You can find those just by seeing what emails are being sent to you. And I tell people, you could literally take my emails, which are almost the same emails that we wrote for Rick, here's why the admin for Rick she works for me now Rebecca does. So I hired Rebecca, who is helping us with Rick's worship coach. She's my project manager now for my stuff. And so she, what is my team, it's basically Rebecca is scheduling all the email automation, she's scheduling the little posts on social media, she's responding to customer service. That's what her job is part time. And then I have an A person who builds out my my landing pages, and somebody who uploads our videos and edits all of those, and that's about it. So I've got three people that are part time. Two of them are overseas, they're there in the Philippines. And then Rebecca is in North Carolina and they structure that then the email automations that go out is I try to remind people when they register for something, reminding them of what they registered for reminding them to show up for it. So we spent a lot of reminder emails and we found that people really appreciate those and that contributes to them actually showing up to listening to the presentation. I keep things very lean Even when it comes to the complexity of what we do, you can make a lot of this really complex. But there's massive diminishing returns beyond the basics. And so like for me, somebody had asked me, they're like, you know, you should put on screen like the URLs to the different websites that you're mentioning? Well, I don't, I probably could. But that's just an area that I've decided to not take the extra effort to do. And it hasn't had like a major negative effect on our business. As far as that goes. I rarely get asked this question from anybody outside of my coaching group. And most of the people they're wanting to make their first 10 to $15,000. So they're not at a place where they're even hiring people yet, I will provide a little bit of coaching on this in there, when somebody is consulting with me or one on one is where I cover that mostly. So that's why I haven't really put any offers out there related to like, this whole process. Because most people are just at the stage of what we've talked about writing their offer, copy, creating an offer that even gets people to sign up. And so what I recommend people do is learn it yourself, learn how to do it yourself, and then go find somebody that can build it for you, we have a couple of people in our accelerator group who also build some of these offers for people, which is really cool. So there's networking going on inside of our group, I don't have an agency where I provide that as a service to anybody, though. I just have chosen to not

[1063:59] Speaker 0: to not do that, because of the additional work involved with that. But I can recommend you to a few people. When you're in our accelerator program, I don't I don't make those recommendations. Anybody outside of the accelerator? Online. jobs.ph is my favorite site to find people that are in the Philippines. So

[1068:55] Speaker 7: that's something I'm planning to join anyway. So that sounds perfect, cool.

[1069:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yeah, you're gonna love it, honestly, like, I think you're gonna, you're gonna get a lot of a lot of results out of that project management, okay, so I don't use a project management platform, we use Google Calendar, and I use Microsoft Teams, we use Slack over at worship coach, and honestly, I prefer Microsoft Teams over slack. Because it's a little bit more, it's less complex, I try to remove as much complexity as possible from my business, if I noticed, okay, this is a complexity that is not contributing to my bottom line, I will remove it altogether. To that way, my actions that we are doing are maximized and leverage the most amount of way. So I don't necessarily use a project management platform. We've tried every single one, Monday, Basecamp, Asana, Slack is pretty good. If you have a larger team, I liked that. And how we would break it down as each project just has its own Slack channel. The way we do it in teams is we create just a new team's chat for each new project. And then I just I send that to the team. What Rebecca does is she has Google Docs that are SOPs for each new project that we launched. So she sends the Google Docs to the team members. And then with the Google Docs, they know what their their action steps are. And that's what we've found has worked the best and it's the least, like advanced, but it's been the most effective. We ended up doing all this complex stuff with worship coach, and we ended up going back to just using a Slack channel and Google Docs. And my wife was the one that was actually running all of that as well with Rick. So, um, my mom does the same thing she uses. My mom's even less of that my mom pretty much manages everything just through through through text message. I don't know if that's the best way to run it. I personally wouldn't. I know people that run multimillion dollar businesses and their whole project management is just text message. I think that you should create some separation for your team members, and not be texting them all day long with stuff. And so I like Microsoft Teams that lets me schedule messages to our team member. So it can show up at 9am Instead of at midnight when I had the idea. And I'm not bothering them when they're out at dinner on their text message. So I like using Microsoft Teams or slack because it creates that one level of boundary with team members to where they also feel like they're not on call 24/7 I don't I don't think that people like that having to be on call 24/7 thing. And so that's that's how that's how we've done that. I've seen really bad management styles. I've seen the most complex project management systems. It was it's funny, even when I worked at Danny Johnson, Angela, we never use a project management system. It was all email. It was email and team meetings because we were all in the same office. So we use Basecamp for my mom for About three years and then it turned back into email and text message. But some kind of a documentation thread is nice. I like teams or slack. I think those are probably my two favorite systems for communication. And their teams is free. Slack is really cheap. So

[1126:05] Speaker 0: Microsoft Teams they've they've done a really good job with that software. I'm I'm, I'm on there all day long, just messaging with threads I got like, this is this is our team's thread right here about so you know, posting and funnels and all of that. And then I got a thread right here about like, Zoom links that we're doing, making sure that they're getting in the members area, things like that. So, yeah, keep it simple. That's what I'm all about simplicity. I think simplicity, beats complexity.

[1135:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Especially when it comes to like leading leading teams of people. I did work with a project manager and monday.com When I was the marketing director for a college we had like 15 team members under us, and about 500 staff that can submit project requests, because we were the marketing team. So we were the we were the final stop before anything could go out in the company. And I was enemy number one to like, everybody on staff because I kept saying no, no, no, we're not launching your offer. We're not doing this. But they grew in students by 40%. That year, which was great. So after a 10 year decline in student enrollments, it was Christ for the Nations Institute in Dallas. Yeah, I worked with them as their marketing director for two years and helped kind of turn things around there, which is fun.

[1150:24] Speaker 2: You should shout that. Step by, you should shout Yeah,

[1152:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm a little hesitant with that the culture there was not something I liked at all. But yeah, the results were cool. Yeah, we that's what they told us. They said we've had a 10 year consistent decline. And once you became our director, we had a 35% increase in students. So

[1156:50] Speaker 2: I mean, you need that testimonial on your website, and then COVID hit

[1157:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and they had to they lost, like all those students again, so it's kind of like I was pre COVID. So all right, Pamela, pe Hamilton Stubbs, how are you?

[1161:21] Speaker 1: I'm doing great. You're cutting out a little bit. Okay, can you hear me better? Oh, yeah, that's much better. Thank you. Okay. So I'm doing well, and I hope you are too. Yes. I wanted to ask you two questions. When you create the landing page on Squarespace and you put in the newsletter, you get an email address, are you using that email address and then out the offer to join you for the to get them registered? And then collect the payment for the VIP? Sorry, I

[1173:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: said again, I think I know what you're asking. Say that again.

[1174:32] Speaker 1: When you put the newsletter box on your Squarespace when a person signs up. First and last name and an email address. When you get that are you then using a doing another step sending something out from think if it to get them to sign up for that particular class and pay for the? Yes, the VIP? Yes. So that's broken down.

[1185:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, I finally ordered new whiteboard paper it comes tomorrow. I've been like using this Genk setup for like last two weeks. So what I do is I'll have the free offer. This is like the newsletter forum where they sign up right? They sign up here the next page I have where I make the VIP upsell offer, and there's a little forum where you can put in your credit card and it's you know, whatever I'm charging for that seven bucks. Once they pay with that, that triggers a Zapier so Zapier is able to see that they purchased off of this. Zapier then tags them over in MailChimp as a VIP so they're getting a separate email as a VIP because they get tagged over here. Zapier also goes to Thinkific and grants access to the VIP Any product and it sends them if they don't have an account and think if ik think if it will automatically send them account information. And it tracks in Facebook, that they actually made a purchase, not just a lead. So Zapier does all three of these things. Once people purchase the upsell, there's a course in the accelerator called funnel building made easy for Squarespace, where I break down, I walk through each of the steps of setting all of that up in there. And I'm gonna just give away a little bit of what one of the free gifts are, I'm actually giving that course to people to keep the one all about the Squarespace putting the funnel together, the tech aspects of that for people just for trying our accelerator for 30 days. So that's one of the free gifts, there's two other ones that I'm going to be giving away as well. But that course walks you through actually linking all of these together.

[1216:30] Speaker 1: Oh, I see. All right. So so you have to you have to link that newsletter like this, sign up for the newsletter. And then you have to link it to something else. So that it's not just going to your Okay, I understand that.

[1221:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it links it all up. And so that's why I said the the funnel building course that I put together, I did it about six months ago, it goes through linking all of that up, there's a there's a little bit more of a simplified way that you can do this that we found, that some people like to do, or is instead of doing it how I have it here, you just copy the Thinkific link and send people to check out for $7 from Thinkific. We did that for some of you didn't know who said Rothfuss. So we created an offer for Sid Roth had 3000 people sign up for it. And they just linked from their teachable account for the VIP upgrade. I think they got like 600 VIPs, at like 27 bucks. They made close to like $150,000 off of that, which was awesome. That was last year, we had helped them with that.

[1235:52] Speaker 1: My second question is that video that you recommend that you put on your landing page? You have it at the top of yours, your landing page? What kind of content would you put in there? If you already put the details are on the landing page? Are you just speaking the content of the landing page? Are you giving them something else?

[1242:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would just reiterate what it is I have a script. And what I encourage people to do is just kind of copy what I do as best as possible, but translate it to your topic that you do, right? Because I don't do I don't do sleep coaching. But you could totally translate the structure of this to sleep coaching. And so what I have is, I have a video on my VIP page that tells people about the VIP, I don't necessarily have a video on my actual landing page itself. But that would be if I wanted to do a VSL it would reiterate a lot of instead of them having to read it, they can watch it. And it's just because some people, they're visual learners, other people want to read it. And and I think that I mean you just reminded me of something that I need to do moving forward is I need to actually record a video that goes at the top of my landing page, where I just I'm gonna I'm gonna read the landing page to people I'm gonna I'm gonna literally just go through it. On video, I'm gonna sit here at my computer, I'm gonna say, hey, you know, I'd love to have you join me for starting a six figure group coaching program. Welcome here. Listen, if you're a brand new coach, if you're if you're an author, if you're a speaker, if you're a thought leader, I want to show you one of the fastest ways to make 10 to $30,000 a month in your own coaching business. And I'm hosting a free event to do this. And so let me just tell you a little bit about what that event is. And then I'm literally just going to read what's on the page to people. Okay, so part of it is as kind of learning how to that beginning portion of the videos the more you do it, you'll get comfortable doing that my mom was not very good at doing videos like that when she started. And she's got now she's one of the best in the world at doing videos like that. She's literally she'll show up on a video, and it just prints money whenever she does. 20 years ago, she was like sweating, blotchy on her face scared to make videos. And I remember because I encouraged her. I said listen, who cares what people think about you just show up and smile and be yourself. And I remember that that helped her and I think that's one of the biggest things that when we can just show up smile and be ourselves on video. I think that people connect with that the most. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Oh, All right. All right, everybody. Hey, thanks for being here. Again, you'll get an email with the recap, it'll have a link to the accelerator, you can also go find it at my website. I'm going to post it in the chat here as well, the enrollment of that. And next Tuesday, we still at tomorrow's training session as well. I had mentioned this, I think it's so funny. We have like the lowest amount of attendance today, five, and it's literally like the best part of the training. And so I would just encourage those, y'all. If you're part of the VIP, don't miss tomorrow's training, make sure to go through that with us. And one of the things that I encourage people in our accelerator to do is to watch through how I do the different trainings how I host webinars, because you'll be able to translate that we have a prompt in chat GBT that you can use, where you can take the outline of my webinars and have it outline your webinar for you. So as part of the accelerator, you actually get the outlines for all of my webinars and training content. And then you can tell chat GBT to rewrite that for you. That's in our course, successful challenges and webinars where I walk you through how to do that, and what to say, to get those sales once people are in front of you. You know, there's two stages really, to this to this process. We want to get people to sign up on our landing page, right. And then we want to get them to actually listen to us give the presentation. So stage number one is just getting people to actually sign up, then stage number two is actually getting people to listen to you. And then stage number three is when they listen to you that you are able to close sales from that. And that's a skill set that you can grow in. I was not very good at doing that. When I started, I remember, even years ago, just the thought of doing the sales made me cringe. I didn't feel comfortable with it. I didn't like doing it. And I realized that the only way for me to really serve people, the way that I feel called to the way that I feel that God has called me to, is to learn how to sell well, not in a slimy sleazy way, not in a way that makes people feel like they need a shower afterwards, but in a way that is tied to service and providing value. And so that's that's the core of what we what we go over in the accelerator. And that's the core of what we're going to be talking about tomorrow as well. So I'm excited to spend tomorrow with you. We're also there's going to be two bonus q&a sessions. I'm going to announce that tomorrow. We're doing a free bonus q&a at 2pm. Eastern 1pm. Central on Saturday, July 15. And on Tuesday, July 18. So tomorrow will be our last VIP q&a. We're gonna open the q&a up to everybody who wasn't a VIP, and you'll get a link sent to you as well for that. So I hope to continue seeing the rest of you and for those of you that jump in the accelerator, welcome. It's going to be exciting. I'm excited for the next 30 days together as well as the next year together to help you grow your business and to get results. See you guys tomorrow. Talk soon.

