December 16: Plan Out + Create Your Signature Online Course or Coaching Program the Easy Way
Date: 2023-12-16T18:55:40.000Z
Duration: 106 min
Otter ID: sZKJB2cap5mz-0cAfeHrY5TJlNA
---

[152:00] Speaker 0: Hello everyone, everybody. Welcome. Well, let's turn the microphone down. Welcome. Welcome, welcome today. I am excited that you're here with us this Saturday. Welcome on live with us on Zoom. Thanks for being here. Listen, I got a lot of people. They asked me all the time, Jeremiah, what is step number one? How do I start my own business with a course or coaching program or or they're like, Hey, I got a lot of ideas. I've been coaching a while, how do I create that one signature course, or coaching program that's going to finally make me enough money? And how do I know that it's good enough to actually put out there to put my name behind it put my reputation on, so that people buy it, and they love it? Because here's the thing, if you're not getting people results, what are you doing it for? If it's not high quality? What's it worth? And I stand by that standard? I absolutely do. But it has to be broken down practically, as to step by step, how do we actually do this? And how do we create one of these programs that you can sell online. So that's what we're going to be going over here today. That's what the promise of today is. That's what today's page is right here. If you take a look at this over at my website, over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Again, this is the page that you sign up on, I just like to reiterate what we're going to be doing here today, this is not a sales pitch. First off, I'm not going to be selling you some big overpriced program at the end of this at all, I'm not going to even be selling you a cheap program, I'm not going to sell you anything that you have to spend money with at the end of today. So you can put your wallet away, just know that I will encourage you though, if you don't have the VIP for today, you may want to grab that it's $7, you can find the link either in the chat here, or it's in the email that we sent you. It's seven bucks. And what you get is after the main session today, you're gonna be able to join me and another it's a completely separate link, private Zoom Room to app to ask your questions and get me one on one, I'm going to pull you up on camera and we're going to be able to answer those together. Today, I'm gonna give you the blueprint is the first part here. And then we're going to go into that VIP to work with you and to build this together alongside you. Okay, so if you are a course creator coach, or you want to become one, we're going to give you the exact steps on how to plan map out and create a highly profitable world class online course or coaching program. Even if nobody's ever heard of you. It's perfectly okay if you're just starting out, or you're not super techy, and we've had hundreds of clients that we've helped that had been able to do this just a little bit about my background. Again, we don't have hundreds of testimonies on this page, but let me explain to you why I say hundreds of clients so years ago, I was working with a company and some of you all know the name of this company, or real change.com My mom, Sandy, her kowski her and I were building this business together. And we have actually worked with over 2 million people and we've helped 1000s Of course graders and coaches build their coaching and mentorship businesses. And so if you ever heard of Sandy Krakowskie, my mom, she's incredible. I was the CEO of this company. And we built this to multiple eight figures in the online course and coaching space. Now she has since pivoted, she doesn't work in that space anymore. She helps people with stock market investment. That's kind of her focus. She's retired and she just works an hour a day trade stocks and does that what so what I've done is since her and I together had built that I have now started my company, Jeremiah krakowski.com, I have sort of proverbially taken the torch, so to speak, from what we built with 1000s of clients success stories with my mom and taking it to help people start their coaching businesses scale their coaching businesses, how to use Facebook ads to get more clients how to use social media to attract clients. And so that's how I actually got my start was actually a little bit before that. You know, I mentioned to people I've been in this industry for two decades, how in the heck have I been in it for two decades, I'm 35 years old, and some of you are like, wait a second, you were 15 years old, and you got into the industry. I'm gonna explain that to you. So there's a company it's called Danny johnson.com. And this is actually how I got my start in the coaching and digital course industry. I got my start by working with this company that taught sales and marketing skills to people in seminars, and DVD and CD format with their books and resources. And if we go take a look here over at their other site, Destiny global.com You can find even some of the products that I personally helped put together and work on to this day. You can find them right here. So I was creating the the CDs and DVDs and actually putting those physical products together, working with them. I worked with them on their marketing a lot of their ideas for their products that they launched over 20 years ago got my start helping them put and grow this business right here. Then after that into the future, worked with my mom with a real change.com helped grow this business to over $20 million per year teaching people how to grow their their mentoring, training digital course businesses, ecommerce businesses, even marketing agencies, anything if it was on the internet, we taught you how to do that. And we were actually one of the very first companies ever to teach Facebook ads, effectively in a very simple and easy to fall away. In 2012. We were teaching Facebook ads, actually, I think it was in 2011. And so because of that, we actually became a leader in that space, we became really known for our training on how to use Facebook ads, and social media. And from there in 2018, I started my own company, my mom and I had a conversation, she was like, Okay, you're getting married. You've been working with me for a while you've been in this industry a while I think it's time for you to start your own brand. And take what you know, and help people. And listen, it was hard. It was difficult. I struggled to make it work, I had to had so much success working with my mom. But then when I started my own business, I was like, gosh, how can I actually make this work. So I started Jeremiah krakowski.com. Taking I had all this knowledge and experience of working with Danny Johnson working with Sandy Krakowskie. But like, I actually struggled how to practically put it together. And the first couple of years in business myself, selling courses and coaching, I only sold about 500 to $1,000 a month. Now, some of y'all might say, well, 500 to $1,000 a month, that's way more than I'm selling, that's that's incredible, you know, it actually is pretty good, like just getting started. But I knew that I could do better. And I can tell you this in the last year, my wife and I, I'm just gonna flip the camera back over here in the last year, my wife and I, in our coaching business have generated over a million dollars in sales and our business, we build a multimillion dollar coaching business. And so I'm super proud of that fact, that not only have I been able to help other people, but I've also been able to do it myself. And so you're learning from somebody who knows how to help you go from zero, to making six and seven figures has actually done it for themselves, and has also done it with other people. And so there's a lot of people that are out there that teach coaching and courses and how to put them together. And I'm gonna be super honest with you, they don't have the full track record that you're gonna get from me here today and the experience of working with clients. And every single week, we work with over 250 clients in my coaching program, to help them get results, scale their businesses, create offers that convert, and sell coaching and courses online. And so that's what we help people with. And that's what I help people with, is when you create the course, that's the first part of it, I'm gonna be super transparent parent with you, creating a course, creating a coaching program, planning it out, as much as this is gonna be a great start for you today, it's not the whole picture, you're gonna also have to learn to sell it, you're gonna have to learn how to put it together, but here's what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna get you up to the point today, to where you have something that you can feel confident to put your name on something that you can sell something that you can put out there so that you don't have to trial and error a whole bunch of times and, and test things out and, and do that so that you can actually feel confident in what you're going to launch so that you don't have to waste a bunch of time and money, wishing that you knew it the right way. And so that you actually know that when you get started, and the action that you put together are going to work for you. So that's what we're gonna be going over here today. And I'm excited to share that with you. There's one thing that I forgot to mention. I'm trying to think about this. Oh, yeah. So back to like a little bit about my story. In 2018. I set out to start my business, but 500 to $1,000 a month just got married, not enough to live off of right. So I started a business where I was also consulting and still helping people like my mom's business, grow and scale theirs and one of our clients and actually worked with, I just I have to tell you this before we get started, because it's really an important part of what we're going to be bringing you here today was a friend of mine, he reached out to me, he said, Jeremiah, I see what you do with your mom's business.

[309:39] Speaker 0: I see what you did with Danny Johnson. I want you to help me do the same thing, but in the space of music coaching. And his name was Rick Pino and we worked with Rick Pino from 2018 until late last year, like turning this into one of the most profitable coaching businesses that's out there. We helped Rick make over a million dollars per month coaching musicians, coaching worship leaders coaching songwriters with this program called worship coach and so I'm super proud of that. You know, Rick, and I did This day, we talk about that just he approached me it was at zero, he started this business at zero, he had the experience, he had the knowledge, but he didn't know how to package it and put it together into something that was actually going to be making six and seven figures online. And so we were able to work with him and actually scaled us to not just seven figures, but to eight figures over a million dollars a month, in a very difficult niche, I'm going to tell you that it's not an easy niche, to sell music coaching to people, it's very hard to take the concept of writing songs, and the process of doing that, and turn that into an effective not just effective, but very profitable business. But that's what we were able to help Rick with with worship coach.com. And so I would be remiss to not share that with you just because it's one of those things that I think was really a milestone on my journey that really marked what I know and what we're going to be sharing with you here today. And one of the keys to doing that was two years ago, a tool popped on the market called jasper.ai. In jasper.ai, was originally known why am I sharing this with you, it's important to kind of paint the whole picture here of what we're going to be helping you with jasper.ai was known as conversion.ai. And they were the very first and best artificial intelligence marketing tool to exist on the planet. Now that all changed one year ago. Again, Jasper was amazing. We were using Jasper and it was really the the catalyst that helped us to be able to make that eight figure profit with worship coach, I truly believe that if it wasn't for Jasper, I think maybe Rick would have gotten there. But I don't know if it would have been as quickly as we were going to be able to do it if it was not for artificial intelligence to be able to do this. And in fact, we had helped another client his name was Joshua Giles over at firebrand global. Let me see if I can go find this up firebrand global, we were able to help Joshua Giles, again, using AI to put together this is in a spiritual and supernatural space. Again, one of the hardest spaces spiritual coaching, one of the hardest spaces to actually sell to people, we were able to help Joshua create over $140,000 a month in sales. That's that's multiple, seven figures with his schools and courses and coaching, using AI to assist us in this process. Now, obviously, my experience was also combined with that, and that's what I'm going to be bringing you here today is how very quickly and easily what we were able to do to actually plan out to not have to guess, to feel confident in what we're going to put out there using artificial intelligence as the tool to be able to do this. And here's the thing. Prior to AI, we could still do this, but it used to take us a lot of time, and a lot of money. And honestly, it if you try to go out there today, I'm going to level with you here and build a coaching or course business without using AI, at least for brainstorming. Again, I'm not talking about creating these crappy, low quality AI produced content that's plagiarized off of another. Like that's not what we're talking about. That's yucky. That's that's not how you're supposed to be using AI. I'm talking about elevating your, your way you're using AI to be a brainstorming assistant to take what you already got up here, and to increase the ability for you to use it. And that's how we use Jasper to do this. And so Jasper was an incredible tool again, nothing against the guys at Jasper honestly, I think they're incredible. They revolutionized and actually created the market of AI, as we know it here today. And I was one of the very first users of their product back in March 2021. So I've been using AI for close to almost three straight years. Is it three straight years? Yeah. Three years, march 2021. We're almost to the beginning of 2020. For almost three years now. We've been using AI and so we've been able to see how do you use it the right way and how do you don't use it? And a tool popped up on the market about a year ago. Some of y'all remember called Chat GPT. Okay. Chat GPT essentially did everything that Jasper did, but better. And to this day, we use chat GPT for how we do everything in our business for how we build our business. are what we recommend for our clients to brainstorm and come up with ideas. And so I'm going to show you how to use chat GPT to actually plan and map out your own signature online course or coaching program, how to plan it out and how to use it to brainstorm, as a tool to do this. Again, if you're not using AI, it's it's a, there's, there's some people that are out there that they think that Oh, you shouldn't use AI, it's, it's, it turns off your brain, it's just you're copying other people's AI. There's all this silly nonsense that's not even accurate about AI, that people say, and if that's your opinion here today, again, I want to honor that I want to show you what I believe is the most effective way to use the tools that we have in front of us today that listen, all your competitors are using them. Every single person that's out there today is using AI to be able to brainstorm their business. It's such a competitive advantage, that not using it is just unwise. And we have a methodology that we teach our clients as to how to make it original ideas, how to actually take your ideas, bring them into the AI, and have it produce high quality output. So I want to show you something really quick on how we can do this. Okay, if I go here to chat GPT. And I'd love for you to follow along with this as well, I recommend that you use the paid version of chat GPT, which uses GPT. Four, okay, the free version is GPT 3.5. And it's not really that good. There's actually better free API's out there that you can use, if you want to use a free one, I would check out if you go over to bird.google.com, check out bird over here, this is going to be actually better for you than than even the free version of chat GPT. But chat GPT for is really good at processing complex information, taking ideas and really putting them together in a high quality way overall, okay. And so here's here's a great example of that is if I say, map out the best way to start an online course or coaching business, and I asked the free version of chat GPT. What it is, well identify your niche, do market research, create a business plan, build your brand, honestly. I don't disagree with all of that. But let's see what GPT four says. Starting the course business has several key components, you want to identify your niche and target market. Develop your content. Now actually, that's this is where I somewhat disagree with this. And actually, this is much better though, choosing the platform, setting up your payment systems, building your online presence, marketing and promotion. And so you can see the answers that GPT four gives us are much more accurate to the process. It's not perfect. But it is more accurate to that process. And here's the thing, they're pulling a lot of this information off of what you can find on the internet right now, we have a different method that we recommend that you use, okay, the process that I teach people to use for actually starting an online course or coaching businesses this number one, and we're going to help you with this today. Number one, you want to find a niche, decide on the niche, decide on something and listen, most people get stuck at this stage, they get stuck with what we're going to be talking about here today, they get stuck planning and mapping out and coming up with how it should be structured and all of that. And I understand why because it can actually become kind of addictive to to come up with new ideas and do stuff like this. I need you if you're watching this here today to go to the next step. And this is something that I want to challenge you with. Okay.

[468:23] Speaker 0: One of the very worst things that you can do is get addicted to planning, mapping out brainstorming even oh gosh, learning, you know, you might be going through a bunch of courses and coaching and all of that, again, there's nothing bad with all those things. Those are great. Those are necessary. You're here today because that's literally what we're gonna be talking about right now. Okay. But I need you after today to graduate to the next level. And the next level is what we call action to where If you take this and you actually start to implement it, and the problem is, most people struggle to move past step number one, because of fear of lost opportunities. Fear of wasted time, wasted money. And by the way, if you're doing it the right way, there's no way that you're going to be wasting money, there's no reason to do that. The way that we teach you, is the most effective way, the most cost effective way. And the way that's going to produce as a goal, the return on your investment, but these are the fears that people have, they don't want to waste time. Remember, people say time is money. We don't want to waste time doing the wrong things, building the wrong things, we don't want to miss out on certain opportunities that might be better. Or we might come up with a better idea, right? Because there's no limit to the improvement that you can make when brainstorming but you want to know what these are all enemies, of taking action. of actually implementing the thing that you're planning and mapping out, okay. And I see this happen. So often people get stuck in, in this loop of creating their course creating their curriculum, planning it out, coming up with all the ideas of what to do next. And, you know, I, I know some people, they've been doing that for 10 years. Some of you might be watching this here today, you've been doing that for 10 years, and I don't mean to

[511:23] Speaker 0: make you feel bad again. There comes a point where you're gonna have to take action. And here's the problem with that

[517:11] Speaker 0: I'm gonna, I'm gonna really upset some people by saying this, but that's okay. I have to save. Me not saying what I'm about to say to you. Because I'm afraid that you're gonna get upset with me, would be me doing those of you that have ears to hear what I'm about to say a complete disservice. Because I'm afraid of tippy toeing on or stepping on the toes of people who might get offended by this, okay? So understand that I'm fully aware that, that you may not like what I'm about to say, but you have to hear it, you need to hear it. And and if you're here today, I would actually be doing you much more harm to not say what I'm about to say. If you leave here today, and stay caught up in the loop of doing nothing, or, okay, okay, let's, let's pause here. Because here's the thing, planning and mapping out and all that that's a lot of work, it's a lot of work, creating your course creating your program doing that it's a lot of work.

[536:17] Speaker 0: I have to think about how I'm going to say this, because I've never I've actually never said it this way before. You have to graduate from where 99% of people that say that try to start one of these businesses are

[540:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is a separating factor between the people who are successful and when I define success in this business is two things. Money impact, and I think that they're very important. I think that you need to create finances for yourself, so that you can then impact more people. And that the impact the client results are important. But you have to get to the point where you're actually selling your program where you're actually marketing.

[550:21] Speaker 0: What it is that you're building where you're actually going to put yourself out there you're actually going to you're gonna build something you're gonna take what we're talking about here today, and I'm gonna walk you through this process here in just a second but I have to tell you this. When I define taking action, it goes beyond just what Chad CPT says right here. Developing your content, choosing the right platform setting Have the payments, it really is, the action in your business doesn't start until you start marketing and promoting it.

[563:53] Speaker 0: Because you don't know what you don't know, right now. There is a change, a tangible change that I've seen, because I've worked with people over the years. And they come to me to show them how to use advertising, to promote their course, to put it out there to the public, right? To have actual people buy it from them, join them go through it, okay.

[574:57] Speaker 0: So this stage right here. And I see it happen in my coaching group all the time.

[577:09] Speaker 0: And I have a high level coaching group, that, again, enrollment is not opening it right now, we're not taking new clients, we have a waiting list on my website, I'm not even going to tell you about it. Because again, I'm not here to sell you anything. You can read about it on my website, if you want to. There is a tangible change that happens in the thinking and thought process and way of being creative and developing their course and coaching. And and and I literally I see the change in their eyes, I see the change in the words, they say I see the change in the language, they say I see them become a different person, like, like a different person shows up when they put themselves out there to the public, when they promote their course or coaching program. And so it's so tangible, that I would define, even before you make money, as this is pre public eye, because I don't want to I don't want to say launch. But this is pre before you put your your your course or coaching out there. And then this is post public, okay. And so what we're going to be talking about here today is all that kind of pre process of planning it out, mapping it out. But I want you to get to the point where and this is this is the part that that upsets people. That you're that you're going to put your stuff out there to the public, that you're going to launch it. And you're not going to wait until it's perfect your that you are going to be willing to do your very best but constrain yourself as to how long you're going to wait. And you're going to learn the art of disciplining yourself to put something together and then to put it in front of people, even if it's not 100% the best possible thing that you could create, we are more critical of ourselves than anybody else. There are people out there today who are selling courses and coaching that are less talented than you less skilled than you that are making way more money. Because they were willing to put themselves out there instead of waiting until

[620:50] Speaker 0: everything was perfect. And again, I'm not going to I'm not going to

[622:10] Speaker 0: convince you have this here today. And I know that because literally this is the number one thing everybody that I meet, they go into this loop of like, well, I'm making it better. I'm improving it, I'm improving it, I'm making my course better. I'm making it I'm getting the foundations ready. I'm I got a spirit of excellence that's gonna make it so ready to put out there. And I'm just like, Oh, if you only knew that you haven't even barely scratched the surface of starting yet. At that point. And if there's one thing that I want to encourage you with here today is to make the decision to move from here to here. To take something that you put together and actually put it out there to people is ever going to is everybody going to going to be happy with it? No. Is everybody going to get a result from it? No, I have haters all the time. I have people all the time. And yet, and I pour my heart and soul into making our program better, you're going to improve it over time. After you put it out there in the public see this is this is the mistake that a lot of people make, because they don't actually understand business, and they're coming at it from this academic standpoint of it has to be perfect. Or I'm going to have a bad grade. This thinking that goes back to grade school,

[647:59] Speaker 0: when when it comes to you creating a business and becoming financially successful, you have to learn that there's something called an experimentation mindset.

[653:04] Speaker 0: And that when you launch it, you're going to launch it as an alpha, and a beta. test group, okay, now we don't use those terms, alpha and beta, because most people don't understand it unless they're from the software world. But let me just explain what an alpha release is and a beta release. So in the software world, an alpha release is what's called an under development version of software that's used for initial testing with a small group of users. Gosh, sorry, I brought a little bit tearing up here, because I finally realized the language that I need to use to explain this to you, are we world has changed with technology, you know, chat, GPT is actually beta software, that they are charging money for $20 a month. It's not even complete software. It's still in beta mode. They have release notes about it. And they originally rolled it out to us as a beta test, to get users to see how people like it so that they could improve it over time. And here's what's happened, our entire world of business has adopted this beta testing approach. The problem is that most people are stuck in pre beta pre alpha, they're not even willing to test it with a few group of people, because they're not there. They're concerned that it's not good enough, yet, they're concerned that it's not ready yet to put out there. And in fact, that's one of the number one things that keeps people stuck from ever succeeding. If you get anything for me here today is to learn. To put yourself out there to take the risk, even to your reputation, to show up, even before you feel 1,001% Ready to get some people in front of it. And I'll tell you this, it's all related to our thinking, our fear of other people's opinions are worried about, are we going to upset and disappoint people? What are they going to think about me? How are they going to judge me and it can also tie to our own judgment of other people, here's I'm gonna tell you, if you are transparent with people about this, that you're doing this, they actually like it. It's actually a really great part of your process with people. It's a really exciting thing. And you can explain it this way to do this. And so one of the biggest things that I see that stops people when they're planning and mapping out and coming up with all the ideas for their course, or coaching program, as they get stuck in this loop of trying to make everything perfect before they tell people about it. Two years, five years, 10 years goes by. And so here's what I recommend. Limit yourself to what I call 14 day cycles. Okay? The concept of 14 day cycles is something that has revolutionized my business, my clients and we bring it into our coaching all the time. As I tell everybody there are six stages of building a successful course or coaching business. Okay. So stage number one is you decide your niche Okay, stage number two and this is where a lot of people don't even realize this. Stage number two is where you you right? sales copy

[719:19] Speaker 0: some of y'all are like what is sales copy? sales copy is the words that describe what it is that you're going to be selling and coaching people on. Okay. And then Step number three is you actually build out your your landing page, your lead magnet, you actually get people to like to sign up for something that they get to give you their name and email address for to grow your email list. And I understand that a lot of y'all are like, I'm not even past this stage yet. So that's why I'm not going to, like, overwhelm you with this, for those of you that want to know what all the six steps are, and it's going to tell you, but I'm not going to like go into detail about step number four is you promote, you actually promote this, you, you send this to people, you get this in front of people, okay, step number five is you present and sell your coaching to people, you actually are getting people to buy it from you. And then step number six is you analyze and optimize these results. And this becomes a iterative, repeat process right here, and you're improving as you go, Okay, so the biggest mistake that I see people make is they get really stuck in planning. They're building all this stuff, but they don't actually put it in front of real people. They don't actually get clients, they don't actually put it out there to people. And so there's one thing that you can get from me here today is I want you to graduate past just the planning, because that can feel very comfortable and feel very easy, it can feel very safe, you have to step into actually putting yourself out there in order to have a business. Okay. And you can't let the fear of it, quote unquote, not working out perfectly stop you from putting yourself out there. You can't let the fear of disappointing other people or letting people down, I'm telling you this, you could do all the perfect things, you can literally have the best course of coaching, where I believe that my course and coaching program that we have my my courses are in the coaching program is how we've designed it. So the only way to actually access my high level courses is to join my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, this is my program that we have right here. And people enroll in this, to get access to me to work with them personally through their business to get access to build everything to go through our courses that we put together, okay.

[768:36] Speaker 0: The way that our clients are getting results, as part of that is by iterating. And doing this process and not getting stuck, just coming up with ideas, okay. And so I'm going to be sharing with you that process of how we encourage people to actually do that the process that we that we encourage is to create a course and to create. Once you create one course you create another one based on what people are actually asking for. And you actually build it based off of the questions that people are actually asking. And that you improve your catalogue over time. And this allows you to really serve people really well. And so I believe that we have one of the very best programs that's out there that that's able to do this. Okay. So back to what I was saying. You can have the best course the best coaching, the best training, I believe that we do have one of the very best that's out there again, I would be silly and ego, little to more prideful and arrogant than I want to be. I know some of y'all out here like you're already pretty arrogant to me, you know? Well, it's because I have a track record. And so I have actually experience and proof to stand on to know that what we talked about works. When you actually have something that works, you should believe in it, you should feel confident in it. I feel confident that our system is one of the very best systems that actually gets people results. And that's what we hear from a lot of people is that they they've tried to build a course or coaching business before, but got stuck and couldn't actually make money and then they joined us and within six months, we're able to make 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month in sales like our client in Carroll that was able to do this or like my client Judy, that was able to make over $37,000 in her business. In one month, or like Dr. Bobby, he found me on a social media post in the Facebook group made $12,000 in just a little test that he did applying what I'm going to be teaching you here today and what we teach to our clients. So you could do all the perfect things, have all the case studies, all the testimonies, all the proof all the track record, and still have people that don't like you are disappointed. Say, Oh, you could have done this better you cut on mirror. So understand that there's not and if you believe in your mind, I'm going to challenge this thinking that there comes some moment in time when you finally get past that, and you've done everything perfect. And now you can put it out there. Again, I believe in improving over time, our coaching program is improving based over the feedback of our clients, we've added features and lessons and like we're serving our clients even better, more so than we did when we started. And it's getting better, and it's improving every single month. I think that that's that's how you should do things. But what if, you know, like I said, my business? We are clients that made money. We've made millions of dollars in business, what if I decided, you know, what, my program is not quite where I want it to be yet, today. I know it can get better. So I'm going to wait to tell anybody about it until it's at that level. How many people's lives that I could have impacted would have been missed out on? How many ways of improving it based off of direct client feedback, what I missed out on? And how much money would I have missed out on in my business?

[830:25] Speaker 0: If I didn't do that. And again, I fully understand not all you agree with this, it's fine.

[832:39] Speaker 0: That's gonna keep you broke that thinking, what wherever that thinking comes from that everything needs to be perfect before I can put it in front of people. Wherever that thinking comes from, I'm telling you is not going to serve you in the process of building a business. It's one, it's the number one thing that I see that when people finally like kind of let go over their, their death grip, because like they do, they hold on to it like their perfectionism as soon as they let go of it. And they give themselves a little bit more grace and a little bit more freedom and relax a little bit and stop taking this stuff. So seriously, I'm telling you, some people, they take the process of building a course or coaching business way too seriously. And as soon as they let go of that thing, sales start coming in doing testimonies doing client impact, and everything just starts opening up for them. And I literally see the transformation in them. So the faster you can get there, the more successful you're actually going to be with what we talked about with what we're putting together. Now some of y'all are looking at the clock like Jeremiah, well, okay, thanks, you just wasted 45 minutes of my time, when you actually going to talk about what you promised here. You're not it's not a good look, Jeremiah, you're my man, my man, here's the thing, if you're here to be negative and critical and look at me and point out all the stuff that I'm doing wrong here today, I'm not going to please you I'm not going to make you happy. And I just literally just explained that. And it's not my job to my job is to actually get results for those that are actually willing to have a teachable mindset, that are willing to learn new things that are willing to do something differently than they've always done. And so if that's you, if you're just tired of listening to me flap my jaws here today, I'm going to give you an opportunity to leave now to not listen to anything else that I have to say, to actually unplug and leave the Zoom call and so will will, will will let some people do that. And if you want to write a nasty message to me to my customer service, you absolutely can do so that's your prerogative. Some of you are like, Gosh, why would he say that? Why would he say that? Because it's actually it actually serves a much bigger purpose that I just I don't work with people that that are that way I refuse to because I can't actually get them results. Somebody who operates in that type of negativity is not going to be able to take what we're talking about here today and get results and so I would rather not waste their time or mine by even having them be around this information. Okay, now for the rest of you that are here that are are willing to actually learn this. And you're willing to learn how do we plan and map all this out? How do we put this together? And how do we start to actually get results and create something that is good enough to launch to people. Because trust me, it's going to be good enough your level of critical criticism over yourself, we're always way more self critical of ourselves than other people are. Okay? So don't let that get caught up in your head that Oh, I got to make everything so perfect before I can put it out there. Take what we're talking about here today, and start to see the results come together for you. So the first step that I recommend that people do is a figure out what topic that you're going to coach on, or you're going to create a course on. And so again, Chad CBT can help us with this. What are 100 of the top best topics for creating a course or coaching business? For the people who actually left the call already, they're gonna miss out on the best part of the training. Oh, well, not my not my job to change their mind or convince them and that's the attitude that you need to take. It really is. It really is. Okay, so here's some some niches that you could create topics on personal development. And these are subcategories this emotional intelligence, personal branding, leadership skills, health and wellness and they're not in any particular order. Could be yoga and pilates fitness, weight loss, business and entrepreneurship, how to start a business social media, sales techniques, strategies, career development, resume writing, career transition team building leadership, creative arts, this is a big one. Right writing, drawing music production, filmmaking, graphic design, technology, learning a language, basically your if you're seeing this right here, you know, what do all of these have in common? All of these have in common things that people know that not everybody knows that they want to be educated on in today's world, and they're willing to make an investment in learning parenting and relationships, hobbies and lifestyle, you know, what are 200 more ideas? Let's see, it's gonna give us 200 more ideas, advanced technology, doing a lot of like tech stuff, professional skills, presentation skills, technical writing, business analysis. You know, I knew somebody they actually created a business around dog, dog walking, and dog grooming and they had a whole coaching program on how to do this. Holistic Medicine, things like that educational coaching. Let's try this out. There are some niches such as cooking, or dog grooming that are outside of the realm of the above, but people would still invest. What are our 100 to 200 ideas that might fall into this category of more normal ideas? Okay, here's some more everyday topics that people might be willing to invest in coaching or courses, cooking certain cuisines. Let's see. Culinary Arts, meal planning, meal prep, cake decorating, Home and Garden type stuff, organic gardening, interior decorating. So if you think about I mean, even video game playing is something, anything that you know, any skill set that you might have, and it's not limited to just this list, any type of skill set that you might have, that other people would like to learn. And they don't want to hire somebody else to do it. They want to learn how to do it themselves, or how to save themselves a bunch of time and struggle being able to do this. He hears hobbies and leisure, like games, musical instrument, anything that kind of falls into those categories, you can create a course or coaching business around so let's just take like one idea. Okay, actually, I like this one culinary tourism. You could literally sell a course on culinary tourism and why do I say this? Cuz my wife has actually bought one on culinary tourism. Some of y'all are like, what is culinary tourism explain in detail. In fourth grade language by the way, that's a typical chat GBT in fourth grade language. It's a great way to Use it. What is culinary tourism? It's like going on a tasty adventure to explore different kinds of food. Imagine you're on a treasure hunt, trying out new foods, slice of cake flavor, but culinary tourism, you traveled to a different city. So it would really be like specifically about how to get the most out of this and things like that. Meeting new people, okay, that's all like how do you sell a course on this is a great example of what I would say would be like difficult niches to create courses on and and truly, like I said, member we had some we had a lot of success with helping Rick Pino with his music coaching on how to help people do this, I love taking difficult course or coaching ideas, and helping people actually turn them into something that they can sell. Okay. So for instance, what would be the 10 topics. And by the way, what I'm doing here with chat GPT, the stuff that I'm typing in the bottom here, these words that I'm typing in here, if you upgrade to the VIP, you're gonna get the recording, to actually watch me do all this to put all this together, and to actually ask it these different types of questions. And then you'll be able to pause and actually type those questions in yourself to be able to get the answers that you're looking for from it. And so you could literally type in the same stuff that I'm typing in. What would be 10 topics related to the above. So here's another way to use chat GPT. To the above, when you tell it to the above, it tells it to focus on what is up here above the prompt that you're writing. Okay, so it's like a chat thread, and you're telling it to the above 10 Relate topics related to the above, that someone might invest into

[991:35] Speaker 0: for culinary tourism for a paid course, or coaching program that would be viable for people to actually make an investment for and hire a teacher, trainer or coach to work with them on. So this is how you actually get to figure out when you pick your idea, your topic. And you can also take two or three ideas and do this. This is how you actually figure out what's viable for a paid program. Okay, so you would do a program on regional culinary exploration, culinary history and culture, food and beverage pairing, local market tour and ingredient sourcing, cooking techniques and skills. Okay. food photography and styling, diet, nutrition and world cuisines, sustainable and ethical eating, okay. And by the way, you could literally take all 10 of these topics, and that could become your coaching program. If I took all 10 of these topics, and taught them in a course, gosh, that actually that'd be a pretty cool course, if somebody was actually looking for one of the just one of those ideas, but they were presented with a course or a program to work with them through them or coaching program. What are 20 possible names for this course, or program that would be marketable, if we were are to promote them with Facebook ads, and I say with Facebook ads, because you add that to there, you add that little tag right there with Facebook ads, and we found that it makes it way more marketable and finds the ideas that more work with promoting on social media in time. Here's a catchy, marketable name that you could promote with Facebook ads, global gourmet journey cuisine, explorers Academy, epicurean horizons workshop, savor the World Series taste the track training and so the idea is, okay, now explain how I would build a brand and content around the above so that I can build up my track record and attract some clients to this because that's what you want to do you really want to start to embody and become the go to person for this topic. So you'd like you would want to find something that is based around these these ideas. Okay? So again, you could have a blog, you get a video content, things like that. This isn't necessarily what I'm asking. So I'm gonna stop it and I'm gonna say, that's not actually what I'm asking, Can you give me like 20 video ideas for some content or maybe free eBook ideas or free last seconds, or just videos that people could share, or even Instagram reels or tick tock videos. Ideas for these that fit into the category mentioned above. Absolute absolutely creating engaging content is key to building your brand. Here's 20 ideas for this. A Day in the Life of a culinary tourists local market challenge trying new meals at a local market, cooking with local street food around the world cultural food Myths Debunked, quick history of a dish, world desserts to try. Okay, so you're seeing how like chat GPT can help you brainstorm a lot of ideas, you might be stuck with just one idea. Look at ebook ideas and Beginner's Guide to culinary tourism, five essential cooking techniques from around the world. The art of food photography, street food safety tips, these are ideas to position yourself as an expert. And of course, you would go out there and you would you would create these. So these are all great ideas. Can you take the ideas above? And and analyze the target client? Who would buy something like this? Come up with the following one? What are the frustrations this will solve? To what pain points is this going to alleviate for them by buying this course? Three? What are some possible objections to investing into this course they might have? Four for what are some headlines for marketing that might be used to market a course, like this? And by the way, this process of asking these questions, we actually have a document that you can use with chat TPT I don't normally tell everybody this like right now. But if you go over to my website, it's completely free. And I've actually compiled it. It's a free chat GPT prompt download document, where I've put together all the different prompts and stuff that we use in our business. If you go here, it's a Google Doc that I'm constantly updating and adding new prompts to right here. And we have this prompt right here lists out all the pain points and problems. And what this does is this helps us come up with ideas to market it and it helps us come up with what we're planning out. So you remember, I mentioned the six steps right here

[1087:09] Speaker 0: the six steps. Step number one, we decided the step number two, we write the sales copy. Step number three, we create the landing page and promote it. What we're doing right here is we're actually both planning and mapping out our course, wow, we're also writing the sales copy. And we're using a holistic approach to do this. And that's what I encourage my clients to do is to not make this a big process, you make this just one step, you make the process of actually putting this all together just one step right here. Okay? So if you ask it some of these questions right here to effectively market it, you're gonna have to understand this demographic, adults 25 to 55, mid to high income level, they have a passion for travel, food and culture. Their psychographics are individuals that value experience over material goods, behavioral traits, they enjoy traveling and dining out and cooking. They have limited knowledge of world cuisine, travel constraints, they lack authentic experiences. And they're overwhelmed by choices. Oops, let me let me pull this up here. So you can actually read it while it's actually giving this. So I asked this prompt of chat GBT right here. And if you pause the video, if you grab the VIP upgrade and you pause the video, you're going to be able to type this into your own chat TPT and get this for your own results for your niche. You can even follow along and do this on your own. Okay, frustrations that it will solve limited knowledge world cuisine, travel constraints, lack of authentic experiences. It alleviates guided learning access to an expert cultural understanding skill development, community and networking. They might say it cost too much or takes too much time or it's not relevant or it's online. Well that's okay. So we want to find a way to alleviate that. Unleash your inner global chef, transform your kitchen into a culinary adventure. Explore the world through its flavors. All right. What are 10 possible objections to this? Someone might have oh and what We'll see is there? What are some snarky objections they might think of this is actually an important part of writing the copy. And then what is the ultimate dream outcome that someone investing in this might want? So we're attaching the positive and negative together with this. It's too expensive. I can find this information online for free. I don't have the time I prefer in person expect, right? These are all things that people will say to disqualify why they should buy your course. But you're not worried about these people. That's the thing. You're not worried about. Pleasing these people, you want to find the ones that are like, Whoa, this is exactly what I'm looking for. You know, and I even put these snarky objections because these are like, what people might say, this is actually part of our process of doing this is to get you even desensitized to some of the negative comments that people might make. Okay, but the ultimate outcome is that they start to master the ideas of global cuisine, cultural immersion, enhanced cooking skills, things like that. And, you know, can you craft and Epiphany bridge that leads someone from starting this course, to the ultimate dream and how they got there by creating a fictional story about their experience.

[1146:17] Speaker 0: crafting an epiphany bridge involves creating a story that connects somebody's initial skepticism, and indifference or doubt, to a realization and the ultimate dream outcome. So again, the reason we're doing this, this actually helps us plan and map out our course really well by doing this, okay. And so it's going to create all this. And now the next step is this, watch this. This is where it gets really fun. Because there's a reason why we're actually telling the AI to do this, the AI is both really smart and really stupid. At the same time, it's a machine, I can say that it's stupid. It only is as good as how you're actually using it. Most people are using chat GPT. And it's useless and ineffective for them. So there's actually a step by step process of using it to basically pull information from its archives. And so that's what we've done right now is we've used the process that I use with my clients to actually get to know exactly what we're trying to build and how we're trying to reach people. Then we asked the key question, I'm creating an eight module course, based on all the above information, please review all the above props, and outputs, and then analyze them to come up with the best possible outline for an eight module course that I can sell for $997. Based on our previous discussions, here's your goal, given the price point, it needs to have substantial content and expert insights. Here's what your modules should contain. And this is where it goes into planning and mapping it out introduction to culinary tourism, with an objection with the objective with the content should be and the activities. You don't even you don't always need to even do these activities. You could literally just have the content and have them do the activities in their own time. introduce the concept. explore different traditions dive deep into different cuisines, Master different techniques, hands on cooking lessons, food and beverage pairing, coming up with sustainable or ethical eating practices. And let's say that you want to maybe take that one out. Planning your culinary adventure, let's take modules five and seven out because it's not really what we want to teach. I want to take modules five, six and seven out of the above. Generate me a new outline with new content that doesn't touch on that but is more similar to the person above.

[1194:45] Speaker 0: Let me move my camera up to this corner right here so you can see it a little bit better. Okay, certainly let's adjust the course outline. So you can literally talk to chat CBT and tell it what you don't like and have it adjust for you. Here's a revised outline, exploring world cuisines, culinary skills and techniques the art of food and beverage pairing. Okay. food photography and styling, let's say they want to do that as part of it. Learn skills to beautifully present practical assignments, culinary storytelling, personal branding, master the art of story storytelling through maybe telling stories building a brand around this planning your culinary travel experience, how to plan that out, maybe they want to create their own story out of it and they want to share it on social media. So again, this gets you like 70 to 80% of the way to plan and map out a course or coaching program that can have a certificate and a community and all of that by using chat GBT to brainstorm these ideas and be able to come up with this. Okay, expand upon the outline above, this is one of my favorite prompts. go in depth about every aspect of each section. And you could do this for hours, honestly, you could get addicted to just using chat CBT to do that. But be careful to not do that and start to take action, start to actually build out the process go beyond just planning and mapping out. And But truly, I mean, go to town, have fun with chat TBBT to start to come up with these ideas. It's really exciting, it's really fun to be able to do this, you can come up with really great ideas for any niche course or coaching program, you know, we could literally take the same prompts and apply it to any industry, any type of program that somebody wants to have, you know, here's another example of that. I'm gonna show you another example of this. Let's say I want to create a course, to help women feel more confident in the workplace. In order to get a raise or promotion, I will be coaching them on this. Creating a course on empowering women to gain confidence in the workplace is a fantastic initiative. So let's like let's just show you how you would use these prompts to do this. So I'm going to go up and I'm going to pull up the same prompting that we did here and I'm going to actually copy and paste them as we go down at what are 10 topics related to the above of Okay. Somebody might invest for the above type coaching program. Okay creating a paid course. It's crucial to focus on topics. So advanced negotiation skills, leadership development, branding and self marketing, effective communication skills, career strategy, building leveraging professional networks work life integration, stress management. Yep. So this again, helps you brainstorm how you would package this information together. What if you took all these topics you created a name for a possible course or program that you might promote with Facebook ads, creating a compelling name for your course. Let's see. Here's 20 potential names empower her rise and thrive the female edge bold moves Pinnacle woman she leads. Yep. Cool. Explain how to build a brand and content since it obviously didn't. Can you give me 20 ideas for video ideas? To do this, that's gonna give us some ideas for like different pieces of content. By the way, you can still take these as part of your marketing plan. Five negotiation keys for women daily affirmations for professional women personal branding mastery, creating an elevator pitch that stands out the art of making bold decisions in your career networking like a pro. Okay. Let's see. Can you take the above about the target client and give us the frustrations, the pain points? What are possible objections? What are some headlines for marketing that might be used to market this feeling undervalued and overlooked? Difficulty asserting themselves career stagnation, enhance self confidence career advancement strategies, improved communication skills, leadership development. Some objections, cost concerns, see. So we're again we're addressing all of these we're giving the information to the AI to start to come up with a lot of this Okay, let's see if I pull up another one. What are 10 possible objections, snarky objections what's the dream outcome? From overlooked to over achieve I don't know if we want to do over achieving but there you go negotiate like a pro learn techniques from successful women. What are 10 additional objections possible objections? It's too expensive. I don't have time for this. I can find this online again. Will this actually work in my industry and these are all things that you do want to address in your marketing and in your language and and all of that. This is just another motivational speech. I don't need help, I can figure it out. These are snarky objections. You know, people might have and then steel it's craft the epiphany bridge because that's really dream outcomes, significant career advancement, increased salary, enhanced confidence, recognition and respect work life harmony, craft and Epiphany bridge that leads somebody starting a course to their ultimate dream. From uncertainty to Boardroom confidence mid level manager, often felt overlooked. One evening after a particularly disheartening team meeting, her proposal was ignored. She confided in a friend about her struggles despite her reservations, she decided to enroll driven by a deep desire for change. As she progressed through the course she experienced a series of epiphanies. The lessons on assertive communication revealed to her her passive approach and meetings that held her back. Learning how to not be so passive, armed with new skills, renewed sense of confidence, began to apply what she had learned, she started speaking up more in meetings presenting her ideas assertively. She took initiative on projects showcasing her leadership capabilities. All right. And now comes the ultimate question. I like using eight modules is kind of my example. You could also do six modules, you could do 12. You know, let's let's do let's do six modules for this and we're gonna sell it for, you know, we're gonna sell it for 297. This time. Based on the previous discussion, we're going to sell this for 297, understanding workplace dynamics, building self confidence and self esteem. Identifying and leveraging personal strengths, overcoming impostor syndrome, mastering communication and public speaking. So you're seeing how this can help you really plan and map out what your course or coaching program actually is. So that you can feel confident in what you're actually showing up to do to actually create with people now this leads us to ultimately the sort of final question that people have, right? Because listen, we could we could sit here all day and just take every niche do this and if you're in the VIP, we can we can take some time and do that and, and play around with that. If you're here right now, post in the comments, what are your niches? What are your topics? What are some different things like that? And I might take a few of those and maybe post them in the group here later. As far as what they are posted in the Facebook group? Let us know like what how you're coaching? How you want to help people, what are some ideas that you've come up with? Share that in the in the in the chat in this in the Zoom call or below on the on the social media, okay? But the question is, obviously, we talked about this, okay, so this is how you're gonna plan to map this out, and we're gonna come up with this, there's no reason that stays like literally, I, you can stay stuck trying to make this all perfect. And play around with chat GPT for for a couple of days to come up with different ideas totally take a couple of days to do this. Like I said, the law of 14 days, if you played around with chat GPT for 1015 minutes, every other day for 14 days. And you and you slept on the ideas you had and you thought about and you took 14 days to do what I just showed you right here, I think you would be able to really strategize a really great idea for a course or coaching program. Okay. Now that you have that it comes time to actually make it and put it together. And here's the thing that I tell people, and this is one of the biggest mistakes that people make

[1350:53] Speaker 0: is they now go out there and they create all the modules, they record all the trainings and they put all the content together. You don't want to do that. Remember, we talked about the beta testing approach? Okay. What you want to do is you want to take all this information and create what's called an offer. And what an offer is, is it takes all of these ideas for your course and coaching program, and invites people to enroll in a class with you and so the way the reason why we Usually I do come up with a couple of modules for a course or coaching program is because you can teach the class over time, and you only have to teach the first lesson, and then use q&a or feedback from the students to create the content for the upcoming lessons and the next lessons. Okay. And if you want to turn this into a membership, or an ongoing program, that you maybe run monthly, you do the exact same thing, you just do it one month at a time. So instead of it being eight modules, you say, okay, month one, we're gonna go over this month two, we're gonna go over this month three, we're gonna go over this. And then you have that be an ongoing thing, where now you have this archive of content that you can enroll people in and the value is there, you're serving people, you're producing impact, you're creating results, you're creating testimonies. And that, my friends, is how we have created the most successful course and coaching businesses out there. But the problem and biggest mistake that I see people make is they take what I just taught here today, and they think, Oh, I'm gonna go out there now, and I'm gonna record all my course content, I'm gonna record all my trainings, I'm gonna do all this, I would beg of you don't do that. Do not take that approach. Because you're gonna invest a lot of time and money into creating something that you don't even know if people are gonna buy it, or if it's even going to work. Whereas the beta test approach costs way less time, takes no money, and is the way that you can actually start to find out what does the marketplace once it allows you to do market research, while finding the people that are best to work with you. And you get to create this a collaboration with your community, it becomes a collaborative effort with the people that you're actually building with. And so that is what I teach to my clients, is the best way to actually do this. Don't go out there and leaves. And of course, I can't control you doing this, if you choose to literally do the worst possible thing you could possibly do, and go out there and now record a course and create an ebook and create all this content and do all that. Because some guru out there told you that you should do that, oh, I can't stand it. That's literally what people think they should do. That's literally what people think is the next best step after what we talked about here today. And it's not. It's not creating a beta test offer. And actually then putting that out there and getting some people involved with you. That is the blueprint to creating finances, otherwise, you will be iterating and iterating. And you won't make any money and you'll get disappointed. And you'll get burnt out because I've seen it happen with 1000s of people, I don't have any examples of people who took a training like this, now they went out there and they created their whole course they created everything. And then they suddenly made money doing that I just I don't have that as an example. Because that's, that's the way that society and the world. And that's the way that our brain logically tells us that we should do it. But take this and trust me from somebody who has experience and has worked with a ton of people that that is not the path that you want to take at all. What you want to do is you want to put an offer together that connects with the people that are a good fit with you for this beta test for this experiment, to see what questions people have, what feedback do they have? What are they wanting? What other ideas did you or chat GPT not think of that other people had so that you can then improve this. And that is what creates a successful, profitable business, the best possible way possible, is by actually creating an offer, putting it out there and connecting with people. I know, again, there's some of you, you're not gonna do that. And that's okay. For those of you that are willing to do that, that want to do that. I want to invite you to something that I'm hosting starting next week, and it's completely free. It's called create and launch your six figure course or coaching offer where we're going to spend five days in a workshop Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, working with you to create and launch your six figure course or coaching offer, how to put all those pieces together the nuts and bolts of what to do, how to actually know how to craft the offer in the right way how to structure it. This is the starting place for everybody that we work with and I tell them to go through this to learn this process because this is the most effective, most short Just amount of time spent the best way to actually deliver results to your clients the other way, even though it seems like it's the right way, it is not how you actually are going to deliver results, it's not going to work, it doesn't work. This is the process that actually produces the best results, to start to put an offer together so that you can create an income of 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month. So you can actually launch something that's world class that you're proud of, and excited to promote to the world. And so I'm gonna walk you through how do you actually create this irresistible offer that has people begging to jump in with you? How do you lower those people in with you, so that they're primed and ready to invest in their future, I'm going to give you my proven process of launching your offer out there to beta test this out there for maximum efficiency, and minor headaches. And I'm going to show you our unique process of delivering spectacular results to your clients. spectacular results, even if you're just testing it out. That's what I'm saying. This is actually how you deliver the best results. This is actually how you create the best course and coaching program. This is actually how you start and grow something that's really effective, that actually is going to make you feel really good, your clients are going to love it. And you're going to be able to create the kind of income that you want to make in the process. We're going to give you all of this my two decades of experience, all packed into these five days day number one, we're going to show you how to create that perfect offer. We're gonna start right out the gate with that, then we're going to show you how do you position it for maximum profit and impact. On day number three, I'm going to give you the exact words to say that are actually going to get people to say yes to your offer. To actually buy from it. I want to give you an example of this, what is an offer? Well, this is an offer you sign up for an offer. This week, you're literally on an offer that I made you I made you an offer to walk you through how to plan and create your signature online course and coaching program, the easy way, how to map it out and actually come up with all the right things to do to put together. Okay. So this is an offer right here. This is another offer right here. It's an offer about creating offers. So you want to if you're a coach, or you're a course creator, you want to actually create something, whether it be a pre recorded class or an ebook, or you want to do a live training like this on Zoom, or you want to do a five day event like I'm doing right here, you want to create something that people can sign up for. That doesn't cost them anything, or you sell it for a very low cost $17 $27, something super inexpensive that you can offer to people. And you want to put that out there

[1491:19] Speaker 0: to invite them to work with you. And so that's what we're going to be going over during these five days together, is how do you actually create that offer that gets people in front of you, that connects with them that when you put it out there, they want to hear what it is that you're selling, they actually are qualified to work with you, they actually want the thing that you're putting out there. And it gives you the opportunity a to serve them really well. And then be to market and sell your actual coaching, or course with people. So what I'm doing is I'm giving you I'm pulling back the curtain during these five days and giving you our entire internal system. This is what we teach our clients, this is what people invest 1000s of dollars to work with us for. I'm giving it to you for free. And in fact, we've had a number of people, they've gone through a five day intensive like this with me and they've said Jeremiah, it was better than other coaches that teach what you teach. It was better than their $10,000 flagship coaching programs. me joining you for free for those five days was better than the $10,000 investment that I made with this other coach over here. And so I love hearing that from people. Here's the thing. Before this, and even right now you might still feel overloaded with the advice on how to grow a business, how to find new students or clients. You might not know which direction to go, you might not feel like you're making the kind of money you want to make. You might even feel like quitting this business. Because you're like, gosh, if this doesn't work, I'm ready to quit. Here's what I'm going to promise you. You're going to have razor sharp clarity and a roadmap of exactly what to do and you're Of course, your coaching business, you're gonna have so much confidence getting started and not false confidence, like, actual experiential confidence because of the process that we're going to go through that you can actually do this because you're gonna know exactly what steps it is, that creates the kind of income that you want to make. As a course creator or mentor online, you're gonna have the exact tangible action plan of what to do step by step, and our proven strategy on what to do to get results. And here's the thing again, unlike other most five day events that are merely just disguised as sales pitches, this event and this intensive is what others usually charge big money for. And we're actually giving you this information. For free, we're not holding anything back. We're gonna give you exactly how to implement and put together an irresistible offer, that's going to attract the right clients to you and actually get people to buy from you so that you can stop failing or struggling, and actually start to create the financial success that you want for you, your family, and your business. And so it's completely free. Get registered for this event. Here's the thing. Who is this for? If you are somebody who is willing to take action on a specific plan, let's give it to them, this will work for you. If it's somebody who is willing to take their life and business to the next level, if you have a vision of where you're going, or you want to catch one, by getting into the environment, when we get into an environment with people that are doing big things, it encourages us to also do that as well. If you're somebody who is teachable and willing to learn new skills, if you want to make six and even seven figures in your own business, and most of all, you want to build something with honesty and integrity, this is very important. This is going to help you with that. Now, this is not for you if you're still here, and hopefully we got rid of these people by the middle of the time here. But if you're somebody who either thinks you know it already, and you're just trying to prove me wrong, and you're a jerk, don't register. If you're somebody who thinks that everything should be given away for free, nobody should be charging $500 for stuff in this economy. Oh my gosh, I hear it all the time. Nobody's investing $500 in coaching courses in this economy, really tell that to my clients tell that to their clients that are loving their courses and coaching. Come on, get out of here with somebody who loves if you're somebody who loves to learn information and don't actually take action on it, please don't register. If you don't actually plan to do the stuff that we're going through, don't register. And you just kick around ideas, research, but you don't actually want to start a business. Please do not waste your time your mind. If you hate your boss, and are looking for a quick, easy way out. This isn't going to help you. Okay, this is actually about people who want to build something that's sustainable, that's going to make changes in their life. It's going to impact their clients and it's going to make them a ton of money doing so. If you hate hard work and you're looking for a lottery ticket. This is not a lottery ticket. This is not a get rich quick scheme, though it is going to show you how to get wealthy faster than I believe any other legitimate way that exists that's out there again, get rich quick doesn't exist. But this is quicker than working a job trust me. It is it's quicker than a lot of the other processes that other coaches and mentors are teaching to. Okay, if you're a complainer if you're a whiner, if you just want a tire kicker, you kick the tires, you say this sucks. And you just whine and complain. don't register for this, okay? But if you're somebody, like I said, You're teachable, you want to learn you want to know how to actually build a real business as a course, as a coat coach, as a course creator, as a coach, this is going to help you and it's completely free for five days, December 18 19th 2020 and 22nd. And I know it's the week before Christmas. So everyone is born Christmas, what are you doing? I'll tell you this the biggest breakthrough sometimes that I've had and my clients have had have come to the week before Christmas and that so that's why we actually picked this week to host the event and we actually host week before Christmas events like this. It's kind of like our year end. It's the last one that we do every year it's right before Christmas because it gives you a vision to go into the new year with all right. Now here's the thing too. There is a VIP upgrade on this. Like I said I'm not going to tell you to buy anything that you need to buy. But I will recommend if you register for this for free. It's totally free but the VIP is 27 bucks. And the early bird discount on this does expire on Monday, December 18. So you could go through the whole first day with us for free and still get this deal okay. But here's the thing, here's why you want to grab this early bird discount. Because what this is going to give you Is this gonna give you five days of coaching with me and a backstage pass after each session, we're gonna go in day one through three, four or five, Monday through Friday, we're going to work with you. And like I said, my coaching program has a waiting list, you can't even enroll in it. We only open the doors to this a couple of times a year. We're not opening it right now. Okay? This is the best way to get access to work with me is by joining us for these five days grabbing the VIP and getting that immersion in the backstage pass that I get to help you get clarity on anything that you're stuck on. No know exactly what to do in your unique situation, because I know everybody's got these unique situations. Okay, you get access to that as well. You also get the recordings to the main sessions, all five days, the recordings of the five sessions will be available for free until the next Tuesday. And actually, we're doing it until Wednesday, because that's the day after Christmas. So we're extending it this time until Wednesday, December 27. So you will have pretty much like a whole week and a half to watch the recordings for free. Okay. But if you want lifetime access to these five days that we're going to be spending together and the Backstage Pass recordings. And you want the bonus trainings that are in here, I even talked about the bonus trainings, we've thrown in bonus pre trainings that are gonna get gets you ready. These are in addition to what we're talking about in the main trainings, these are bonus pre trainings that I put together brand new trainings, I've never talked to anybody else, just for registering, you get access to this. You also get the bonus chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle. This is a training, that's part of my high level group mastermind, where I break down for you how to actually put that sales letter for your offer together, and all the prompts and how to do so. Okay, we're gonna give you the getting unstuck, to take massive action training, if you find yourself stuck, struggling, don't know how to break past the limitation that you're having. We're gonna give you this for free as well to help you do that. We're also throwing in the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training. You don't have to work 20 3040 hours a week, you can do this in less than five hours a week. And still make seven and eight figures. And we're gonna give you the VIP mindset training is a VIP training, all about how to get your mindset thinking right? To start to implement everything I believe how you think affects the actions that you take.

[1641:59] Speaker 0: This isn't about burnout, this isn't about overwhelm. This isn't about doing things that are so hard and stressful. This is actually very simple, and very easy. And this is the easiest process. And by having me there with you to work with you through this during these five days, both in the main sessions and the VIP, you're going to get the exact blueprint on exactly what to do. And this will be enough for you these five days will be enough by themselves for you to take your business to take the idea that you have for your course. And like I said, you can take the 14 days you can you don't have to. You can take those 14 days you can take this training, and you can apply it and you can start to build and create something that's going to impact you, your family and your future. And I'm excited to work with you through this process. If you want to create a successful course or coaching business, it starts by having a successful world class course or coaching offer and that's what we're going to be working with you through during these five days. I'm excited for those of you that are registered I cannot wait to see you starting Monday. I cannot wait to see those of you that are in the VIP with us for that. We're about to go into our VIP now for today's session. Listen, by the way question that usually comes in Jeremiah. If I sign up for the VIP for the five day, can I get a refund on the VIP for today? Can I get both at a discount? No. They are separate. We do not do combo deals with the VIPs they're separate tickets. Okay, so it's $27 for the VIP for the five day. It's $7 For today's VIP just for today's session. Okay, so we're gonna go over to that VIP right now if you have not grabbed today's VIP and you want today's recording, the only way to get it is to get today's VIP for seven bucks. And then if you want to grab the VIP for the five day next week, that's a separate another VIP that's $27 until Monday that you can grab access to and then the price does go up to the full price on that. All right, listen, I cannot wait to work with you. I cannot wait to see you there during the five day for my VIPs we're going to continue Through this process, this interactive zoom call that we're doing right now we're going to go into there and we're going to continue that and actually work with you through finishing up what we started here today, we're going to finish up planning and mapping out and coming up with all the steps for your business. We're gonna walk you through all of that together, we're going to work with you through that we're going to do some live, interactive laboratory session, different things like that. Okay, so I'm gonna go hop on over to that VIP zoom, call in just a couple of minutes. Again, apologize, we went over a little bit late here on the main session, we'll we'll go a little bit extended on that VIP as well, just to kind of make up for that time. So you get the full hour with me, but I had to give you the whole picture here today. So hopefully those of you that appreciate that, do appreciate that for those of you that, you know, feel like we went a little bit over. I do apologize, but it was necessary. So I cannot wait to go. Work with you. Next week for the five day. I'll see you there. Get registered. Don't sit around, click the link. And for those of you that are in today's VIP, I'll see y'all in just a little bit. We'll talk soon everybody see

