Plan and Map Out Your Course or Coaching Program
Date: 2023-01-21T19:11:16.000Z
Duration: 126 min
Otter ID: Mp-u8-eaySpD6Mrhb3HBr6qCnWo
---

[80:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You? Hey what's up everybody. Welcome. Welcome welcome. Listen, I'm excited to be with you today. Welcome to this I'm in my new office. I am so stoked to be here today this Saturday like Kansas City Chiefs are about to play football here. And yeah, I got this new office. I gotta tell you this if you've been watching me for a while you've seen the old office that I've had. And if you're new to me, welcome welcome. I've been doing this for a About 19 years in the industry of coaching and online courses, but I've been doing my own YouTube channel and content for about the last four years, so we have nearly 1000 videos on YouTube podcast episodes. I do live videos nearly every day as much as I can though we've had a new baby and he's been taking up a lot of our time obviously, you guys know feeding every two hours. Luckily, mom is off of bed rest, which is great. And so but yeah, check out my YouTube channel. Subscribe because this is a free resource that I created for coaches, course creators, mentors, trainers and authors to get more results reach more clients. And so this podcast is all about everything that you need to grow. If you want to get into the business of online coaching, or the business of courses. My podcast is the number one resource for you. And each one of these episodes are not super long, but they're like 25 minutes 20 minutes 3530 minutes each one is its own mini masterclass. Okay, so you treat each episode like its own miniature masterclass that you're able to go through with me where I'm able to teach you and share with you things that will help you make more money in your business. And so we started this about four years ago and the you know, the older videos, the ones that were actually at my office desk, I'll show you what to look like here. Here's the podcast. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And on this podcast I talked about, because we've always so that's what it looked like behind me, but not too bad, right? Not terrible oops. And I'm actually in the same space in our house. We just painted it, we set up some stuff from IKEA. And if you can't tell, I'm a big video gamer. I love video games. I grew up in the 90s. I'm I'm young enough to be a number of yours, children. But I'm old enough to have the experience that I can help anybody, no matter what stage they're at, in their coaching and course business. Having been in this industry for 19 years, you might say wow, like when did you start when you were 12? Actually no, I got started. When I was around, I think it was 14 or 15 years old. Back in 2003. So that would have been Yeah, 15 years old. When I got started, and the online coaching and course space. And you're here today, based off of my promise to you that you're gonna get a plan to be able to create your signature online course or coaching program the easy way, you're gonna be able to confidently navigate the ever changing industry to create a signature impactful course. Even if you're not tech savvy. Nobody's ever heard of you. And here's the other thing too is as I'm not just going to leave you there. I provide support for you all the way up to eight figures. We coach we consult multiple eight figure coaches and course creators right now to this day. And I got started doing that back in 2003 Some of you might know my mom, Sandy Krakowskie over at a real change.com My mom's Sandy Krakowski. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. Some of you are like Oh, I'm putting the two together. Yeah. So that's mom right there. And she's one of the most incredible coaches, mentors, trainers, business women on the planet earth when it comes to online sales and marketing, as well as she is a superpower force to be reckoned with in the stock market trading world. And she's actually raising up an army right now of traders that are ethical, moral and making money to impact the world. Getting into private equity here soon building a fund. It's amazing. So this is my mom, she's a stock market coach. After building 18 companies made over nine figures in business. So she brings her her expertise of building companies that were the size of some of these smaller companies that are in the stock market. She's able to show you how to trade What to do now this isn't a plug for my mom. But listen, if you want to know how to grow your money, when you make money. This is a resource that's going to help you I go through the lessons every single day. We've increased my portfolio size now Just six months ago, I didn't have a portfolio. And we got over $22,000 in shares of, of Tesla right now in our, in our portfolio. And that might double up to, you know, $40,000 very soon. And that was learned through this, this platform. And so I've been in the industry for a long time. And I got started by helping people make their video content, make their funnels their landing pages, make their, their, how they connect with the target customer, to get them to buy from them. So there's a few steps in the process. What we're going to talk about today that I truthfully, don't talk about a whole lot. My main focus of my business is what comes out step number two, where you actually have to market and sell your course. Right? This is this is what people pay me for. And I help them get to where they're making over $10 million dollars per year doing this like my client over the last couple of years, Rick Pino did with his worship coach brand. He had come to me and launched this from scratch zero, no clients, he had about 150,000 people on his social media. And you might think, well, he was famous. Here's the truth, the fame didn't matter. Only about $10,000 a month came in. So he was instantly a six figure earner, but he wanted to go to the next level. By working with us, we were able to develop and craft offers that helped his company worship coach, make over a million dollars a month. And so and that was from like zero like day one of him launching, we helped launch this and worked every single day until he was reaching that million dollar a month mark. And now he's going on and growing things even more amazing. He's a, he's a business coach as well right now. Okay. And so we help you and our business market and sell your courses and coaching programs. And generally, what we'll do is a, the way we define a coaching program is it has a bunch of courses in it. Like our coaching program, the client growth Accelerator has a bunch of courses in it that people can get access to, if they join the client growth accelerator. And right now, the client growth accelerator is not open to the public, you actually can't register for it. By the way, can I tell you this, I'm not going to sell you anything today. I'm not going to pitch you to buy anything today. Okay. And so bring the guard down. You're not going to have to, like, hold your wits about you to make sure that you don't buy into something now I will make you an invitation. And I'm actually just going to let you know about the invitation right now because it's on my website. It's it's right at the front here, we have an event coming up next week, from Monday through Friday, the five day online start and grow your coaching to six figures. Intensive, it's completely free,

[296:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: does not cost anything. And we're going to spend five days together to go with you through the process of building your coaching program, dialing in your messaging, creating a laser focused offer, attracting the right clients that will buy from you and getting paid six and seven figures. And so this is a full course that I'm teaching live. And there's even a VIP you can buy the backstage pass to the VIP. And it's free to attend. If you if you get value today, this is what I would ask of you is go attend next week. Go attend even the first session even if you have no intention of going through the whole five days with me next week. Just go through the first session, the value that you're going to get from that is going to be well worth your time. And if you register for this, let me just register real quick. Of course there is a VIP upgrade because why wouldn't there be I sell to people. Monday, January 23. Basically at the end of midnight on day one of the event, you can get the VIP package for just 27 bucks, the steel. You get the recordings of all five days, the five day q&a And the Backstage Pass recordings as well as six bonus training. Thanks for me. No sorry, five bonus trainings for me. Yeah. get unstuck, to take massive action mindset Foundation's seven figure up level training fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business and the offer Launchpad recordings. This alone is worth at least triple. If not quadruple the $27. Here just this one bonus alone the offer Launchpad recordings, it's eight hours of additional training where I'm actually building your offer with you. And we break down the six steps of our six step blueprint that we teach every single person that we come in contact with. And so if you're watching today, and you say, well, Jeremiah, I don't want to learn to market and sell, I just want to know how to plan out and map out my course I'm not ready yet for this side of things. Why would you build your course if you're not going to market himself, we're going to talk about planning out your course. But just give me another five minutes here, just five more minutes. And we're going to talk about the six steps that I make sure that every single person that I come in contact with understands and these six steps are what we break down. In the offer Launchpad 2022 recordings, we have an upcoming offer Launchpad event. In a week and a half from now, it's an all day Friday, all day Saturday online zoom call event where we're going to spend time together and the tickets are not going to be available to the public. Until next week, we're just going to let them be available for five days people can decide to jump in. And I think we're going to do a ticket price of like 97 bucks on that, which is pretty cool. We might do it a little bit higher, but don't quote me on that might be 197. So anyways, $27 till midnight, you get access to all these incredible bonuses when you sign up for the five day events. So who's ready to get started? Who's ready to dive into what you came here for? Who's ready to learn how to make a realistic 10 to $30,000 a month in your coaching program. And listen, I'm dead serious about this. If you want to make two to $5,000 per month, please leave. I can't help you. This is only for people who have vision and belief for where they're going. You're not going to play small, you're not going to let the opinions of your friends and family stop you. You're not going to be afraid to rock the boat. And you're going to step out to put yourself out there to market and grow a coaching program or an online course business. There's no point in you wasting your time planning out mapping out a course. Unless you plan to take action on it. So that's gonna be my first slide. I don't have slides. It's hilarious, right? I have an old school whiteboard. I like the whiteboard because it's like you can feel the paper right? Kind of like I like the old school video games. You know, we got the Gameboy here we got the Pokeyman Pokeyman cartridge. We got the Legend of Zelda, any NES edition we got tech mobile. We got Mortal Kombat on the Sega Genesis. Oops, there goes the controller. Sonic the Hedgehog. You can't not appreciate this stuff. I think and you might say, you know, for for a business coach Jeremiah, why? Why do you have all this gaming stuff? Here's the truth. As I believe that to be successful as a coach, as an online coach, you need to create a space and an environment where you operate in your highest energy. And this is where I operate. My highest energy is when I'm around the things that I love. When I'm around video games when I'm around my cat right here when I'm around an old school TV we got right here in the corner. Check this out. This is an old school TV with old school systems right there that we can play on the couch. Right here in our office. We got Rockem sockem robots. We also got the new systems. Gaming is a big part of my life. And it's a it's it's a a big sort of qualifier for me is that if you're not willing to listen to me because I love video games so much, we're not going to work well together at all. Okay, and so this is for people that are courageous, maybe this is scary for you. I get it. I get it, there's so much competition. There's so much happening in the marketplace. In the last five months, my wife and I, we've made over $520,000 in our own coaching business. Following the exact blueprint that I'm going to be giving you here today, we're going to go over these points that we mentioned here. Before today, maybe you felt overwhelmed, struggling to turn your ideas into reality, worried about where you're going to get ideas for content from wondering, is it really possible for me to make a coaching program, of course that sells and wishing that other people knew about that you knew what other people know about building their courses, right? Imagine if you knew everything that I know about building courses, some, you'd be like Jeremiah, I'd be making $5 million in five months, not just 500,000. And sudden, you're like, you know what, I'd be happy with 50,000 I'd be happy with 10k a month. That's great. That's awesome. You're here. But if you don't have a vision, to actually make more than $10,000 a month, which is, by the way, just a middle class income now after inflation after the current market. And so you need a vision for 10k. Monthly, consistently consistent income, all the way up to $1 million a month. And this is kind of the range that we work with, with clients and we get them from here to here. As long as they work with us, as long as they're in contact with us. There's no reason for them not to be making a million dollars a month. There's no reason for them not to be making the kind of money that they want to make. We're here as an extension of your team to help you. The reason I exist on the internet right now is yes, do I know a lot about this and I can make a heck of a lot of money teaching what I know. Absolutely, I'd be lying to say I didn't. But I'm on a mission to create 1000 millionaire coaches people making on the step way to a million a month people making $83,333 a month. That's a million dollars a month. That's that's 1000 people paying you $1,000 One year that's 500 people paying you $2,000 That's 20 people paying you 5000 That's 10 people paying you 10,000 You can sell your courses and coaching for that much.

[456:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I want to make sure that I'm talking to the right person here, okay. You're not somebody who thinks you know it all already. If you are if you think you know, at all. Get lost. Someone who does everything should be given away for free that nobody should be charging money. What are you crazy, you're not how are you? How are we making this much money if we're giving everything away for free? Right? We show you exactly what to say how to say it, what to give away, what to say, to get people to buy from you how to create the greatest transformations in your clients lives, how to go from zero to hero in your business, to reach those goals that you have. How many of you want that? Then you're in the right place. But if you're somebody who just loves to learn and accumulate knowledge and you refuse to do anything with it, you kick around ideas and you research everything but you never actually take action. You're a big No at all and you're arrogant about it and you think you're better than everybody else. This is not the place for you. We will not get along at all. You're somebody who hates their boss if you hate hard work and you want easy street or a lottery ticket. This is not a get rich quick scheme or scenario and if anyone tries to actually sell you a get rich quick scheme it's a lie. But this is Get Rich a heck of a lot quicker than working a corporate job. Like that's realistic, right? But let me be real with you up how much percentage of our clients actually make six figures? That's right around 10%. Right around 10% is the average number. Why is it what what's happened to those other 90%? Why are they paying you? They are growing, they're building, they're creating their offer, they're working through stuff, some of these people have a lot of trauma they're working through, it takes time. And so it's not a get rich quick scheme, it takes time. But we do have about 10% of our actual paid clients are making over six figures. And all of our consulting clients, those that actually pay us over $30,000 a month, they are making seven figures, all of them are. Okay. So how many of you want to know how to make this much money? How many of you are willing to take action on a plan that's given to you? How many of you are willing to take your life to the next level through business? Are you someone who has a vision for where you're going? Or do you want one? Are you teachable? Are you willing to learn new skills? Are you willing to learn new skills for somebody that might be a little bit different than you sound a little bit different than you act a little bit different than you look a little bit different? Who wants to make six figures in their own coaching business. And this is the most important to me right here. Who wants to build a business with honesty, and integrity because I think that these are the most important aspects of building your business, or building your coaching business. Okay. And so today, we're gonna dive into exactly what I promised you here to help you stand out, to take my proven system, and to take the first step towards creating a successful course or coaching program. Who's ready? Step number one

[521:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's all about the niche. What is the niche or topic that your course or coaching program is going to be all about? So this is related to what you want to teach people. This is related to what are you going to make a course about? If you can get your notepad ready, this is going to be the time that you're gonna want to take notes. Okay. I'm gonna give you all just a few seconds to come together ask my father a lot of Bring me a bottle of water. If he can. Send me a quick message. Isn't it nice? You can like DM your family

[541:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: online, perfect. All right. So finding your niche, your topic, the topic that you're going to teach on. That's step number one. Step number two is we write your offer copy. We write the offer, copy the language, the words that are on your landing page for an offer on a funnel. This is actually step number one. Okay. Number three, we build out the funnel. And some of you right now are freaking out. Because you don't see on this list where I told you that we're going to plan out create and map out your coaching program. What you don't realize is that's what happens right here. You're actually planning and mapping out your coaching program in step number two simultaneously. They can't be separated from each other Okay. And so the first step is to find your niche, find your topic, a niche is always about who. Not what, okay? Not what you're going to teach, but who you're going to help. And if you haven't upgraded yet, to the VIP for this session, it's still $7, I'd highly recommend it, there is a bonus training bundle that you get called the finding your niche training bundle, as well as get more clients, and all these additional bonus classes to help you grow your coaching program with paid advertising. It's just $7, I would take it, take a look at it, there's going to be some things that you wish that you could pause and screenshot and save in this because I'm just going to show it to you on the screen. And by you upgrading to the VIP, you're actually going to get the recording of that, to be able to use yourself to grow your business. And so what you get from me is today is you're gonna get the training on how we actually go through the process of step number one and two. And I'm gonna break down step number one and two for you in detail the day. How does that sound? So this is the six step process that I take all of our high level coaching clients through and consulting clients. Step number four is promotion. This can be on Facebook ads, Instagram ads, tick tock ads, Twitter ads, email marketing, blog posts, organic social media content, you're promoting the funnel. Okay. And we teach you how to build a funnel on the easiest to use platform that exists. Squarespace. Squarespace is the easiest website builder to build a funnel with. And it's also one of the most cost effective and so it just make sense for you to use Squarespace, if you're not already using some kind of a website platform or funnel platform already. It's a it's just it's genius. The costs and the features that you get are comprehensive. When it comes to the coaching and online course space and it's designed, you can create a free trial with Squarespace with no credit card today. Okay. And I would use the commerce plan 36 a month. Save 25% If you do yearly, it's worth it. Our entire site is built on Squarespace. Now if you're on another platform, you can apply everything that I'm teaching, but when I teach is all based off of Squarespace, which is cool. And you can build your funnel with Squarespace, Squarespace and then we use MailChimp for the email marketing, for all those emails that go out. That we promote. We analyze the results. Number six is kind of more of a joke. We repeat, step one. And this is not the launch model. This is actually the Evergreen model. This is the Evergreen model for how you market and grow a coaching business while working only 10 hours a week to eight figures to over a million dollars a month if you could build a business that's making over a million dollars a month like Rick Pitino like my mom has. Like my client, Joshua Giles. We helped him as a coaching client a year ago, his very first time watching a training just like this that you were that's you're on. He brought in fifth over $60,000 in sales with his course that he sold people and we were able to help him get to over $140,000 a month with his coaching and courses Joshua Giles and his wife Dee Thank you appreciate that. Joshua Giles and his wife Dee, they become good friends of ours and we help them go from where you are today. To $140,000 a month in just one year. Just one year of working with us, which is awesome. And everybody starts working with us on Zoom calls like this. We don't Do DMS we don't do sales phone calls. We do live zoom calls where I talk where I connect, where I bring a teaching, I bring some value. And that I usually ask you to join me for our once a month five day event. Okay, so again, keep that in mind. Listen, if you have to miss this month, come back next month. Come back next month, it might be a different topic for the five day event. But this, this is going to be incredible for you. It starts on Monday, January 23, through 27th. The five day intensive for coaches and course creators that want to make that go from zero to a realistic 10 to 30k a month. using Squarespace using these systems to bring in more sales impact more people serve and wow their clients. Watch the results that you've always dreamed of start leveling up, getting better results from your organic and making way more sales and paid ads at a much lower cost. No matter where you're at in your journey. This is going to help you this is going to help you do just that to create the type of business that you want. And you can watch the testimonies from our our clients and people that we work with right now. Here's my mom right here given a great endorsement for me that I collaborated with her to develop nine figure profits, he's the best in the world at doing this. He helped me grow my company, so almost nine figures, his copywriting skills are second to none. And as the only person that I would recommend for you to learn from about growing a coaching and online course business and 2023 and beyond. And it'll Jeremiah can help you reach your goals and an online coaching business. Like he's helped 1000s of our clients over the years. And so thanks, mom. She's also got a little video here a little video endorsement, you can watch it today. And so what we do is our goal is to help you get results so that you're on our testimony tree of clients like Angie here, Angie, made over $4,500. On her first live event, she spent 550 bucks on Facebook ads got five sales for $1,000 each. Awesome. Or Emma Dixon, I didn't have that name here I gotta add the name to this is Emma Dixon in our coaching program. And as she said, they were able to spend 693 pounds on paid ads generate 19 sales, over $9,500 in revenue in just one campaign. They're less stressed, while welcoming, welcoming, and helping more people using these methods. And so you can check all these out on here. Be sure to join us for the five day event. It's going to rock your socks, I promise you that. I promise you that. And we already have those of you that that. You you, you want to get started early, we got pre trainings in here I've taken from some of the archive of the different pre trainings that we've done. And you can watch these ahead of time. When you register in the Facebook group, you can go through each of these free trainings that are directly related to what you need to know to start and grow your group coaching program. So you get these trainings for free by jumping into the group here and watching these. It's incredible. I can't wait to work with you next week to work through these six steps together. That's what we're gonna do. We're gonna work through the entire process of these six steps

[699:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to help you start moving the ball forward. So if you're watching this right now, and you're saying, Man, this sounds like a lot of work, I don't think I can do this great piece out. Because honestly, you're not gonna get any value here. If you think this sounds like too much you're not ready yet. But if you're somebody that saying hey, I'm really resonating with this, this is connecting with me. Let's get started. Okay. To find your niche, I'm gonna just say something really bold and out there that might piss some of you off. The reason why many of you haven't picked your niche yet is because you got your head too far up your backside. And your pride and ego won't let you do anything that's less than perfection. And, and truthfully that comes from usually a traumatic upbringing of some kind, or a traumatic situation. You might say, Oh, no, I didn't have any trauma. That's crazy. You're probably not going to get much value out of it. What we're going to teach today, you're probably not going to even be able to scratch the surface on what we're talking about, because you're still going to be stuck in perfectionism, to where you're never going to actually get to the point where you get to where you're going to build a funnel, the only people I want to talk to are those that are willing to learn how to get through steps, one, two, and three. Get through steps, one, two, and three. And then join me next week, to spend five days to go over steps 12345, and six. Again, if that's not you, if you're not ready to immediately start taking action on what we're talking about, at least sometime in the next month. Join me on another training, maybe go check out my YouTube channel, go watch some of the videos on mindset because I really think that a, you might benefit from working with a therapist. You might benefit from doing therapy. Or you might benefit from using a meditation app, like headspace. Because unfortunately, that that behavior, the inability to get past step number one is usually tied to dysregulation in your nervous system. You're you're hyper vigilant, you're worried about doing the wrong thing, you're worried about what people think you're worried about stepping on toes, you're worried about being rejected, you're worried about your husband not liking it, you're worried about your friends rejecting you and telling you, you shouldn't be doing this. Get some help. For your mental for your brain, for your brain health, I spent the last year and a half going through therapy. And I started by using a website that's actually completely free that I recommend to people if you're saying Man Therapy costs a lot of money. This website is called Seven cups.com. And it's a free grow at your own pace. Emotional support and therapy site. Now, it's not technically therapy. But they have won an award for transforming mental health benefit our society for years to come. And I am truly a believer in the seven cups model. For free, I use their free listeners to help me get to the point where you can actually chat with somebody, just have somebody to talk to somebody anonymous, to talk to about what you're going through. Some of us need to unload what we've been holding for years. And we've been afraid of getting exposed and we've been afraid of our friends seeing something and showing up. We're afraid to be honest and real. And we wear a mask. Because we don't want to risk people miss judging us or misunderstanding us. And maybe we've called it a spirit of excellence. Maybe we've called it perfectionism. But it's actually just massive insecurity and fear and self doubt and unbelief. And self doubt and unbelief is the number one thing that's going to prevent you from going to step number two

[780:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's the number one thing because you might have three or four ideas for a niche. But you're not going to pick either one of them because you want to make sure you pick the right one. And that's called stupidity. That's not called wisdom. It's called stupidity.

[788:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't care if that offends you. You're not stupid. That behavior is stupidity and it's learned helplessness. And so we have to break up with that. We have to break up with perfectionism we have to break up with and we have to be intentional. And instead of saying Man, I've been struggling for so long and nothing seems to work. How many of you been through therapy or inner healing or deliverance ministry or got your chakras aligned or or had somebody I don't know read your poems or whatever. And it didn't take you to the next level. or maybe it temporarily did. And now you're back where you are going on seven cups.com Going on better health, health, finding somebody that you can actually unload those fears, unload those worries and share the deepest, darkest parts of you that you wouldn't share with anybody else to heal. What's happened, there are many of you watching this, who you've been used and abused by people, and told that you were not worth putting in the effort for that you are not worth buying from. That you are not worth, love, and connection. And even as children, we make decisions a parent leaves, we think it's us that the parent left because we did something wrong. And we take that into our adulthood, the pain and the trauma of a former job, a former spouse, a parent, and we allow it to stop us from moving forward, I'm going to tell you this, at the risk of exposing my family a little bit respectfully, I didn't grow up in a perfect home. It was hard. My mom was a single mom, 24 years old, doing her best with a baby that had more energy than anybody else that you've ever met. That couldn't stop talking that would run up to strangers and tell them about Jesus gave my mom a few sleepless nights. And she did her very best with the tools that she had and the knowledge that she had. And, and truthfully, the man that I am today is a result of her upbringing that I had. So thank you, mom. It was hard. It wasn't the best. I plan on making my my son's life a lot better.

[839:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I, I was so grateful mom, for you. And, and I forgive you and, and dad and I love you, Mom, you really do. So anyways, I'm sorry. I need a I need a minute

[850:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: now here's the thing, back at it, see you got to, you got to just learn to snap back out of it. We can't get stuck in the emotion. We can feel things and not stay there. This is one of the greatest practices that I've learned in the last year is how to manage your state and how to get into what we call a flow state. So the flow state is actually the key to our entire system. What is the flow state of flow state is where you don't have any notes you're talking you're teaching, you're able to share without having a guideline of where to go, you're just flowing, it goes from thought out your mouth. Okay? When you learn to do this, you don't have to pre plan or spend a bunch of time you're able to do this turn on the camera and start teaching and coaching people during the time that you have. Some of you are busy parents, I have a newborn and yet I can build this business. We show you how to put it on autopilot, have things run itself to where you don't have to be there to actually be there, which is really cool. We show you ways to do that. And ways that you can teach you can either do a pre recorded training or you can do it live like the training that we have going on right here. Okay. And so to do that, though, we have to understand how to get into a flow state. And a flow state is directly related to your ability to think highly of yourself. self and your self esteem, your ability to make money is completely tied to how much you believe in yourself. That was my Dan Pena impression, right. And that's the thing. How much money you can make is directly related to how much you believe in yourself. It's you got to believe that you are a badass at everything that you do. And truthfully, I wasn't somebody that thought this about myself. There's a great book that I recommend to everybody. By Jensen cero called You Are a badass, how to stop doubting your greatness and start living an awesome life. How many you want to live an awesome life Jen is a coach, and of course creator just like us, who learned how to step into her genius zone and create a totally awesome life. And this is one of my favorite books about breaking past self sabotaging beliefs and behaviors that stopped us from getting where we want. If you're somebody that wants to kick some serious ass, this is the book for you. Okay. All right. So we're gonna go into this. When you believe in yourself, when you believe that you are the cat's meow, the knee, the bee's knees, the best there is. You know, and some of you are thinking you're hearing like, Donald J. Trump. I'm the best there ever was right? Like you're thinking, like, like, you don't want to look like that guy. But you're like, Okay, Jeremiah, how does this connect with me, I want to be the humble coach. I want to actually help people, I don't just want to sell, I don't want to be a used car salesman. You don't have to, okay. You don't have to be a used car salesman. This is about you walking in your power, and you acting the way that you would if you were a child. Let me explain that to you. You see, children are whimsical. Children play video games, children go with the flow. And sometimes they cry and they skin their knee, and then they're back at it again. And yet us as adults, somebody sends us a mean comment on social media, and we're wounded for an entire week on the couch. I've been there. I've done that. It's directly related to how I see myself and my giving myself more self compassion. I think that self self compassion is the single greatest indicator of success in the online course and coaching space, the level of self compassion that you have, and how do we define self compassion? Let me tell you what, it's not. The opposite of self compassion is self punishment. Where you beat yourself up every time you make a mistake, where you get angry at yourself when things don't go how you want when you start getting upset, and angry and almost punishing yourself like a parent would for disobeying yourself. So that's the opposite of self compassion. The more that you operate in self punishment, the further away that you will ever be from getting into a flow state. And the further away you will ever be from making over $10,000 a month. You can make 500 to $1,000 a month easily. But you'll never get to six figures, without self compassion, without loving yourself without believing in yourself without believing that you are worth more than anybody ever told you. And that people are blessed to be in your presence, and that you are the best chance that exists for other people to experience their dreams coming true. Let me say that again? Do you believe that you are or can be sometime in the future, the very best chance that somebody has to reach their goals as it relates to what your course or online coaching program is going to teach people. Okay, because you have to believe that you can be the best and you might be saying Well, again, I want to be humble. I don't know if I'm the best. We're not talking about you comparing yourself to some somebody else, you're you're comparing yourself to me or anybody else out there what we're talking about, is you versus you better than you were yesterday. Do you have a growth mindset? Are you willing to say maybe some of the ways that I've been doing things don't work, maybe some of the things that I hold on to so tightly, maybe some of my non negotiables need to be renegotiated. Because that's truthfully what ends up happening. We have these non negotiables in our life that we say that's a line, I can't cross. That's a line, I won't go. And we keep butting up against it. And this becomes resistance in our life, we get resistance. We're like trying to make a connection. And that's constantly missing the connection. How many of you have been trying to build a coaching or online course business? And it's been like missing the connection, missing the connection, missing the connection? And maybe some of you are like, I've been here an hour, it's missing the connection. All right. Still haven't talked about what you promised. Listen, if you're that angry about me, and when I'm not doing for you, please leave, you'll get no value out of the next hour as well. And, truthfully, you're going to do all of us, me and yourself a favor by not being here and never joining any of the other events that I do. Okay, peace out. And the reason I say that is this. I don't tolerate hypercritical people around me.

[991:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do. I love feedback. I invite feedback. I invite feedback. Constantly. give me feedback in the comments throughout this whole thing in the chat in the q&a. give me feedback. I love feedback. But I don't do critical speech. Well, you suck or you're not good enough, well, you should just give up, you're a worthless piece of blah, blah, blah. That's what I'm talking about. I don't tolerate those types of colorful, put downs in my space. We can debate we can disagree. But we don't talk that way to each other. And if you're around me, we don't communicate that way. Okay, so that's the ground rules. Mutual respect. I think asking for respect, know, demanding respect to be in my space is qualified. And that all of us here are gonna have a much better time together. Can I get an amen? Right? All right, so let's go into this self compassion, you can develop by working on what's going on between your two years. So this book, you're a badass by Jensen cero, that site seven cups.com. Those can help you work through the different things that are not working any sticking point that you have, you can ask somebody on seven cups.com. And they can help you you can text them say I'm getting stuck on this, my husband is telling me that I'm worthless, and I can't keep going that I should just give up my business, right? You could text that to somebody in the seven cups group. We have a lady anonymous, anonymously submit that in our coaching group, which is nice. We also offer you the opportunity if you're in one of our coaching programs, you can anonymously submit things that you're going through and the group will come together and rally around you and nobody will know who it was. Nobody will know who made the post. It's a beautiful thing. It's amazing and you can even comment back and it keeps you anonymous. It's it's really cool. It's in our Facebook group. It's in our our group coaching program, the client growth accelerator and and truth is again, you can't you can't register for it right now, that's not open. If you go under group coaching, you have to get on a waiting list, I would recommend you get on the waiting list. Because not only are you going to get some of the best online courses on the planet. Let's go through some of the courses that our members get. Actually let's go through more of kind of what what what they get in addition and then I'll do the courses

[1039:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: courses I probably should flip this you get live weekly calls with me. group calls, cutting edge live weekly training. So I'm actually giving you new trainings every week. Right now we just wrapped up a four part training. Actually an eight part Training Part one is communication skills to improve your teaching and speaking. It's a four part series that shows you how to connect better, and to be a better leader and a better teacher. And then the second one that we actually came up with. It's called successful selling for people who struggle to sell. And it's all about helping you have the right words to say to connect with buyers and to close sales. And so I walk you through how to how to make sales better. If you want to know how to run ads on social media, we have multiple social media ads courses that are some of the best courses on the planet. One of our newest courses is actually called Facebook and Instagram ads made easy for total beginners, this is a brand new, I just finished this a few months ago brand new course on Facebook and Instagram ads about what's working right now so that you can get results. We also go over how to write your offer, copy, how to use AI to write copy how we use tools like Jasper and chat GPT to create all of the sales copy. You get a course on building funnels in Squarespace to funnel building courses, mindset foundations course, email marketing, the fun way course. Plus, all of the little bonus events that we do you get access to those recordings as well. You get access to client growth accelerator jumpstart trainings, these are jumpstart trainings that we do at the beginning of every single round of new clients. To help people get started, we just did a two hour JumpStart with our group of new clients in December right there. irresistible offers that sell creating offers that people actually want to buy. website building organic social media content, transformational coaching Made Simple, easy course creation, blueprint, funnel and offer copy live virtual event playbook, we got a virtual event vault, monthly training archives, these are the monthly trainings that we're doing with the group and the monthly q&a, you get access to ask me Q and A's, those are all in there, which is incredible and amazing as part of the client growth accelerator. Like I said, the doors are not open to this right now. But you can get on the waiting list and you get all those courses plus is a 30 day money back guarantee, we allow you to actually jump in when the doors do open and try it for 30 days. So I think it's actually the best deal that exists on the planet right now in coaching and online courses. We got some upcoming classes coming we got. I combine those two, that's cool. And then we have upcoming, we have a six steps to making six figures course. And then we have a brand new course that I'm starting next week all about automation, how to automate your entire business, how to put it all on autopilot, okay. And we get all of our clients through virtual events like this, through this zoom call. This is where we get all of our clients through. People register with their name and email address, they sign up for a training, we send them to the five day training, they get to know us and then when we open the doors for the waiting list, a large percentage of those people join our coaching program. And this is the model that we teach you. Okay. So how do you actually map out what your course is going to be what you're actually going to do? So you need to pick a topic of some kind. You need to pick some kind of a niche and let me just go through some of the PDFs that we have here. Top 100 niches for coaches and chorus graders career coaching, health coaching, life coaching business coaching, dating coaching conflict coaching, money mindset coaching Pinterest coaching, video coaching In podcasts in coaching, dance coaching, personal brand coaching, religious coaching, EFT, coaching, creative creativity coaching. Okay, so you could pick some kind of a topic from this list and you create a course, and ultimately a coaching program out of one of those topics. Okay? And so then you niche down by looking at who are you selling to? And so we go over this right here. What are you passionate about? What skills do you bring to the table? What are you passionate about that relates to other people? What is your target customer passionate about? And this one's the most important? What are their biggest problems or frustrations? Okay, so this is really cool right here is you can actually take this, this, you're gonna have to kind of do on your own time, like, what are you? What do you like to do? What do you like to teach? What can you help people with? What is their problem? And you're gonna have to teach on something. Okay? What's their biggest result and outcome they can get? What's their biggest objection? This one's one of the biggest. You are a painkiller to the pain that the client has? What's their biggest influence? What can you sell or create to target them? Is it do it yourself? You teach them how to do it themselves? Is it done with you where you come alongside them? Is it done for you we actually do a service for people and done for you should always be the most expensive? Why do you want to make more money? What would you do with that money? What positive effect? Well, your product or service or coaching program? how long people? What risk is there if you don't sell it? And I think that this is also very important to answer for yourself is What is the risk of you not taking action on your goals? What resources do you need to build your offer? What skills do you currently not have right now I want you to write this one down? What skills do you need right now? Do you need skills in Facebook ads? You need skills in building a funnel? Do you need skills in writing copy? You need skills and picking your niche? What's the reason people will buy from you and how are you going to get it into their hands. Okay, and so these are all questions, this basically becomes an outline for you of building that irresistible offer. And this is taken from our irresistible offers that sell course to create that irresistible offer that people want to buy from you. Okay, and if we take some of these, what I like to do now is use artificial intelligence. AI has progressed to such an amazing level, that there's a company called Open AI that has released a tool called Chat GPT which is free into the market that we can actually use to come up with and map out our course or coaching program. So let's say that you do Christian dating coaching I coach and teach courses on Christian dating coaching for Mormons perfect we can call it Mormon dating coaching we'll do it this way. Because I know that calling it that's going to trigger some people for

[1185:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: map out an eight module course for me to sell

[1190:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: building a strong foundation, look at this. So chat GPT allows you to basically take any topic and start to create a rough draft of your course or your coaching program for you. So you can actually take the ideas that you have and do what I call toss the ball around or you know play a couple of rounds of of hockey or Mortal Kombat with open API chat GPT Okay, And so what we do is, I actually treat chat TPT like a toy, where I take the idea that I want to coach on, and I throw it in here to have accomplished some different ideas. Write a sales letter for a webinar happening on Saturday, January 28. About the course above. Are you tired of feeling stuck on your dating journey? Are you ready to take control of your love life with the right partner? Then I want to invite you to a special webinar where I share with you the secrets of successful dating as a Mormon. As a Christian dating coach for Mormons, I understand the unique challenges and opportunities of dating in the Mormon community. And that's why I've created an eight module course for y'all. Are you seeing what I'm throwing down here

[1215:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: just two steps. You can write the words to create your funnel, like my funnel that we have right here. For the five day event that starts next week, these words right here, were generated using chat GPT. The words on the page for this event right here. These were all generated with chat GPT. So we use artificial intelligence apps like chat GPT. And jasper.ai jasper.ai is an even more advanced artificial intelligence engine that we use for a lot of our clients, including reading emails from my mom's business, and I'll take basically this information from chat GPT real quick. I'll throw it into what's called a jasper recipe. And that's going to start to build a customer profile for a sales offer for the person that we want to help. So we go here, this is Jasper what keeps us up at night, people are looking for love to take the relationship to the next level they want to date. Yeah, top three frustrations. Overwhelmed

[1239:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: are they secretly desire? Okay. Write some headlines for the above. Overcome your dating challenges take control of your love life strategies for from a Christian dating coach for Mormons. That's great. I like that take control of your love life and find lasting love in the Mormon community. Cool. And so then what I like to do is if I see a piece of copy that I like, I'll actually take it and I'll even open up you know, like, like a text document on my computer. Truthfully, I just use the little notepad app on my computer. And I type in those lines that really resonated, because then we're going to filter through the best of the best of the best as we go down this list. And so this is why we use artificial intelligence to actually map out and create our course this way. And here's what I'm going to do is I'm going to I'm going to create this copy right here and I'm going to loop it right back into chat GPT.

[1262:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go.

[1265:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right so if I copy this now to chat GPT, I can say create an outline for a 12 module for a 12 week coaching program or course, based on the following that I'm going to remove the texts from the previous modules that are created

[1274:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. Navigating the dating journey building a strong relationship Foundation, preparing for marriage, navigating the red flags, making connections last building relational trust uncovering secrets, and here's the thing if you know about this topic, it's going that you're going to be able to come up with some Great ideas as well. Okay. So that you can again, take this back through, write a sales letter based on the above and filter this back down. Are you tired of feeling stuck on your dating journey? Are you ready to take your love life and take control your love life and finding a partner in this special 12 week coaching program designed to help you find the right partner as a Christian Mormon dating coach, I understand the challenges. See, this copy sounds so much stronger than the previous round, by running it through different ways how to evaluate potential red flags, strategies for meeting new people. How many of you are single that would love a course like this? You see what I'm saying? And so then you could do re rewrite the sales letter above. But instead of for Mormons or Christians, it's for Hindu Hindoo, yeah.

[1296:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is actually really cool. It'll actually take what we wrote and reframe it to a different culture.

[1301:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I might have broke it. Oh, here we go. Are you tired of feeling stuck in your dating journey? Are you ready to take control of your love life and find the right partner? I invite you to join me to help you navigate the dating journey and find the right partner within the Hindu community. Yeah, see, so it's a little bit different than what we were talking about.

[1310:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you create create a list of challenges that exist in the Hindu dating community that a Christian or Mormon wouldn't experience the same way. So as to make a course or coaching program stand out and be unique. Some of you are wondering how do you be unique, you can literally ask it to do that. Navigating cultural and religious expectations, finding compatible partners, balancing traditional values with modern dating practices. Maintaining respect for parents and family. Communicating effectively with different backgrounds. Understanding the expectation dynamics of an arranged marriage, navigating caste based dating and marriage customs. So you're able to take this and you're gonna say write a sales letter for a webinar based on on the above. And you can iterate down through different language based off of the type of community that you're actually writing to, which is awesome. And I do find religious beliefs are one or spiritual beliefs or spirituality, we tend to kind of group ourselves into different groups, I work with everybody. No matter what you believe, whatever your faith is, or not, I can help you. And these tools will work for any coach, any course creator, to get started on their journey. And so I'm going to actually give you a free trial, the Jasper that you can use, it's my affiliate link. Jasper is like chat GPT on steroids, because it's designed specifically for marketing, and different marketing frameworks, as well. Okay. So we use AI to be able to map out exactly what are we going to talk about? What are we going to teach? And how do we communicate it with those around us?

[1347:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see, you're tired of feeling stuck looking for the partner within the human but unsure how to navigate religious and cultural expectations. Yep. Cool. So then we could say generate a, an eight part series with titles and descriptions based on the above.

[1357:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sometimes it ends up repeating the same thing over and over again. And that's where you actually want to take what it's writing. You want to actually take what it's writing and move it to a new chat.

[1363:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what we do is we iterate through these different commands multiple times, dealing with societal pressures and stereotypes, see how it's actually breaking out of its mold of repeating the same thing. Oh, here, let me show you the screen I so sorry, I wasn't sharing my screen there, so you couldn't see anything. So we were able to take it and have it start to generate an eight part series of titles based on the above. Perfect, navigating expectations. Find a partner who aligns with your values, find a compatible partner, within the community. And so you're able to take whatever you're going to teach, you want to iterate through and toss around the ideas with chat GPT, and how that put together some of these outlines for you. What I want you to then do is I want you to come back to it later. And I want you to find one specific aspect that really stands out to you. For instance, you can actually just borrow a webinar on this one topic right here. Create a sales letter for a webinar that is about and then you take just one topic of one module of what a mapped out. And this can become an offer or a course that you create a struggling to balance the expectations of your parents with your own dating and relationship goals. Or you're looking for strategies to navigate the unique perspective parents in the Hindu culture. Understand the importance that affect dating that's why we created this webinar to help you learn strategies to communicate effectively with family members maintain healthy boundaries. So this is probably for somebody who's like dating into like, the Hindu culture family is what I think is just crazy, though, like it navigated from that direction. Let's try something else. Let's try. Video game coach for Madden Football. To help people win online. Write a sales letter for a course titled losing online games of Madden, are you ready to take your game to the next level and dominate opponents? Introducing our Madden football coaching course designed to give you the tools and knowledge to win online with ease. Our experienced coaches have years of expertise of playing and coaching Madden Football. We got to exploit your opponent's weaknesses advanced techniques for offense and defense. This is awesome

[1406:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: list out the top 20 biggest frustrations when playing Madden Football online lagging your slow connections opponents quitting glitches opponents using overpowered no see so you can actually type in some of these problems What's the biggest reason why Madden football players lose when they play online? They better not say lag

[1418:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You better not say leg

[1420:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's the biggest reason why most players lose when play online?

[1424:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Lack of knowledge of understanding of advanced strategies and tactics without a solid understanding of mechanics and be difficult to make effective decisions. What are five more reasons why poor team management and building with a well rounded and balanced team difficulty with game controls. Mechanics lead to poor mistakes lack of communication and coordination with teammates. Yeah. All right. Right. A sales letter for a course about this. A title using online games you're ready to take your game to the next level and dominate your opponents look no further. That's because we already have that. So I'm going to actually take this open up a new chat write a sales letter for a course about this

[1443:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Write us write it write a sales letter for a webinar about this. Are you tired of losing online to advanced strategies, poor team management and difficulty with controls you title, opponents overpowered or connection issues if so, we have the solution for you. We're excited to announce our webinar mastering Madden Football, winning strategies for online play, this comprehensive course is gonna give you the knowledge and tools you need, and until it breaks down all of this from the top like this. Okay, so let's just take one of these topics now of what it mapped out. We can say this, map out an eight module course based on this we could take one of these modules and then have that build out our offer or build out an additional course. So do you see what I'm showing you here? Map out an eight module. Force Base based on this. Introduction to advanced strategies, techniques offense, how to analyze your opponents predict the next move, building and managing a winning team. I think this one would be a big one right here. Write a sales letter for a free webinar training about how to defend against opponents using the same plays repeatedly.

[1471:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you tired of losing a line to that I'm using the same plays repeatedly do you struggle defending against the runner pass? Are you looking to neutralize their favorite plays? If you answered yes, we're the perfect webinar for you. We're excited to announce this free training defensive mastery stopping opponents in their tracks, how to defend against them using the same place how to recognize and defend against commonplace strategies, tips for stopping the run and defending the past strategies for neutralizing opponents. See, so it allows you to unpack and break down any topic that you have for your course or coaching program. So here's what I want you to do is I want you if you're stuck if you're saying you know, okay, I know that I want to teach. I want to teach spiritual coaching. Can you give me a list of 30 sub niches of spiritual coaching and so you can actually ask it to give you a sub niche of a sub niche. And it's like opening up Pandora's Box essentially. So start with the vague topic and then ask it to give you a list of sub niches.

[1491:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's a list of 30 potential sub niches for spiritual coaching mindfulness and meditation Reiki and energy healing past life regression intuition law of attraction, yoga angelic communication chakra balancing shamanic healing numerology astrology, karmic dream interpretation, function away aesthetic dance, spiritual organization intention setting manifesting sound healing, holistic nature based breathwork death and dying relationship coaching business and career coaching community building art and creativity Travel and Adventure parenting and family and sports and fitness. So notice how then you can say which one one of these sub niches is the most profitable

[1507:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's true that being said some of them such as mindfulness Reiki and energy healing and Law of Attraction tend to be popular in demand areas. business and career coaching relationship coaching community building yet maybe more profitable because they can target populations such as entrepreneurs 100% So let's say you want to do I want to do spiritual relationship coaching for energy healer. Write me a sales letter for a free webinar are you looking to improve your relationships and create a deeper connection with your clients? I know as an energy healer your focus in helping others heal and improve their physical and emotional well being. But what about our own relationships? Are you feeling fulfilled and satisfied? Okay, map out eight modules. Actually, we don't need to do that we just pull one from here

[1526:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: right a webinar on how energy healers can

[1528:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: enhance their ability to empathize and understand others perspectives.

[1531:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to our webinar, it's fun to write a sales letter for a webinar. As an energy healer, your ability to make a powerful impact and others lives but in order to truly connect with them and help them heal, it's important to have a deep understanding of their perspectives and emotions. In this exciting webinar, I'm going to show you how to enhance your empathy and understanding as an energy healer, develop your emotional intelligence and empathy to better understand other's needs. Understand, oh, this is great.

[1541:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you map out an eight module course about?

[1545:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cultural competence, understanding diversity, communication and language barriers. So you see what I'm saying. Write a sales letter for a webinar all about this, or you're an energy healer and you understand the importance of connecting with your clients on a deeper level. However, when working with them from diverse backgrounds, you can get in the way, I'm excited to invite you to attend my upcoming webinar, navigating cultural language and socio economic barriers for energy healers. So you see, what I'm saying is you can keep diving deeper and deeper in to actually decide and find what topic you want to coach on. And you might find one thing and say, oh, yeah, I could do that. I could do that. I could teach a webinar on that. And now we have the sales copy written like that, just by working with chat GPT, just like this. Let's take this right here. And say, here is a free webinar. What is the best course to sell after someone attends this map out something that would be the next step for them to make the most amount of sales

[1569:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just pasted the sales page in there. logical next step would be to purchase a course that delves deeper into the topics covered during the webinar focuses on advanced cultural competence for energy healers would be a great fit, it could include in depth exploration of various cultural groups, their unique healing practices. That's cool techniques for addressing and overcoming language barriers, hands on exercises, map out. This is cool. Map out a training course, that is a certification for these energy heal healers, who want to

[1582:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: study materials, familiarize them with the concepts in depth exploration. And so you can do this by typing in some of these prompts into chat GPT, or even into Jasper, for instance, to have come up with different type of copy that you can use. We use this to even write all of our Facebook ads. For instance, generate a Facebook ad based on this

[1591:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, a lot of you today are getting unlocked mentally from one of the biggest blocks and barriers that you've had by feeling like you're not smart enough to come up with ideas for a course that's going to sell. And I just showed you how to use artificial intelligence to do this. How to use AI to come up with your offers and your language and your landing page copy and what you can put together and what you can sell and then how to act actually use the command, you know, map out, map this out. So if I just take this right here, I go map out an eight module class that will be sold for $5,000 based on this info so it sees it as a high value class, I put the dollar amount to it. And so by using this, you're able to really come up with, what do I want to actually bring to the table? What do I actually want to teach my clients out there. And then you start by attracting people to come to you to listen to you teach and share these different topics, map out an eight module coaching program for this.

[1616:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's my question for you. Why wouldn't you use this AI? Why wouldn't you use this artificial intelligence? Hey, we just got news in the landlord that they are going to put in a new dishwasher, our dishwasher went out. And we have a baby. So I'm excited. I'm about to send my wife this. This text right here. So that's awesome. We're going to take it like off of our rent and stuff like that. So what you're able to do is you're able to use chat GBT and these tools to map out your unique ideas for your coaching program. And listen, if you didn't upgrade to the VIP, the recording of this gets taken down in a couple of days. Many of you are going to want to go back and rewind through what I just showed you in the last half hour for what do you type in? What do you ask chat GBT some of those prompts, you'll be able to screenshot them right? For just $7 you're gonna have access lifetime access to this training right here. This is the only training that you're going to find on the internet about this topic. By the way, the way that I'm teaching it, there's nobody else that's showing this. But I guarantee you that there will be copycats that are going to come out of the woodwork and create entire courses out of what I just gave you for free. Okay. And so then what do you do you actually take that course. And this is where some of you are actually having a problem right now. You're like, well, this is all fine and dandy, but like what how do I build it? I'm really nervous to use technology. Maybe you're too nervous to use chat, GBT. Maybe you're maybe you're too nervous to use any sort of technology like Squarespace or anything to build that. And that's what I want to help you with is I want to I want to come alongside you next week to help you through that process. In the start and grow your group coaching program to six figures, I want to work with you through all of the nitty gritty, difficult things and walk you through step by step how we actually put all these pieces together, how we dial in your messaging, you create a laser focused offer, how you actually get the clients to you and make money from all of this. And so be sure to register we're going to show you the blueprint for how to create and launch your perfect irresistible coaching offer. So people jump in and the truth is group coaching is all that you want to do you want to stop doing one on one coaching. One on one, coaching is a waste of time. You want to sell group coaching and you can sell it for say, you know $497 For a six week training program, you could split it up into two payments of, of 267 for two payments. Right here, this could be your first initial group coaching program, you sell it for that much. It's a six week program, not a not a year long thing, but a six week deal about whatever topic that we come up with. And that becomes your kind of hybrid course group coaching program. Once you do enough of those, you can put them all together and have a membership type where people get an archive of all your courses and they get weekly calls and things like that, like we do in our coaching program. And so if you're thinking about next week joining us it's really not not a question of, should you? But it's a question of why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you and I want you to get really clear on that. Because here's the thing, if you have any hesitation, when it comes to doing what I've just gone over, don't come, don't attend. It's not going to help you, it's not going to give you any value. It's just not. But if you're saying, hey, you know, I want to do this, Jeremiah, I'm ready to start building, I'm ready to start creating, I'm ready to start attracting the right clients, I'm ready to start getting paid six and seven figures, then go register now at the link over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash start, and be sure to add it to your calendar. Okay. I'm gonna go through this process with you, if you go to the link, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash start. upgrade to the VIP you have until midnight on Monday, it's only 27 bucks, you get the recordings, you get the five day deal, this is the best deal that you can get 27 bucks, no brainer, I would click it just put in your credit card info right here in the same email address that you registered with. And then you'll be taken to a thank you page where you can get all the info about the event, okay. And so this is the date that it is you're gonna want to actually add it to your calendar, this is important to do add it to your calendar. See, make sure that actually shows up in your calendar. And what you're gonna get is you're gonna get reminders before the event. So you want to actually add it to your calendar to show up for this five day event. And it's going to take place in this Facebook group right here. So the whole event it's not, this is not going to take place on Zoom, it's going to take place in a Facebook group only. Okay. So you got to actually join the Facebook group, there's pre trainings already in this group that can help you grow, to start and grow your coaching business. I can't wait to see you here with me. It's gonna be incredible, it's gonna be amazing, we're gonna build your group coaching program together. See, most people charge $1,000 For what I'm giving you for free here. Don't Don't ever tell me I didn't do nothing for you. Right. And that's what I really think is my goal is I'm on a mission to create 1000 millionaire coaches. So I gotta show you how to make a million dollars for free. And then you might invest $30,000 to work with me when I want. If you want to work with me one on one, you can actually do that. And this is the only way to bypass and skip the line right now this week to get into our coaching program is if you're actually serious about one on one coaching. And so what is the one on one coaching what it includes a one day eight hour VIP day with me. So we work together for eight hours. Plus, you get to follow up bonus sessions with me. Plus, you get a free membership to the client growth accelerator, lifetime access to all the current courses I have you get grandfathered in to buy more sessions with me if you want to buy another day or you can even buy packages of sessions once you buy this you can actually qualify to get packages of sessions at a lower cost. So this is $30,000 to get this this is the only people that also get access to DM me and message me I don't respond to DMS you know I lost a guy he got so pissed off because he said that he he was appalled by the arrogance of what a vile person I was that required people to pay me $30,000 to just simply direct message me. And and the truth is this is yeah, and I'm going to charge a lot more than that in the future if you knew what I know. And you could help people get the results that that I help people get you charged the same thing as well. In fact, you would realize that I'm under charging, okay. And so you can do one on one coaching with me by actually putting a deposit down $1,000 deposit and it's refundable. If you do financing with us. We actually have a financing partner that allows you if you have a credit score over 590 And you make over 35,000 a year, you can finance it for 24 to 30 months, you can finance the $30,000 or 60 months yeah if you do 60 months I think the payments break down to like 600 bucks a month with the interest. The interest rate starts at 6% And I think that this is a great deal for for a lot of you to get me in your corner they'll work with you one on one in your business. For everybody else get on the waiting list for our group coaching. The client growth accelerator, you're gonna want to be in there. This year, there's some amazing stuff coming down the pipeline. There's amazing new courses that I'm creating. And I don't want you to miss out on anything that we're talking about. So that you're on a on a free call with me again, you know, another time, and boom, you haven't made the kind of money that you want to make still, I want you to make more money than you ever imagined possible. Okay, so you can go through the courses, you can go through the training, you get to join this group here.

[1773:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you might be like, Well, why are all these people posting these links, you know, this is because we encourage each other by sharing. When our landing pages get set up, we're not spamming the group. But people share what their links are to get feedback and to hear from the community. And I'm in here, commenting back with everybody today, look at this great call today. Jeremiah, this is awesome. So we got to 148 members in the group, we have almost 175 that pay us for this 175 people in the program. When we hop on these group calls, it's amazing. This is where the magic happens. And how many of my client growth accelerated people are in the comments right now. Come on, everybody. Come on everybody. Let's go listen, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yes. I love this. I love it. There's so many great people who are in the client growth accelerator right now. incredible people, just like you that are working through their coaching business that are working through getting more sales that are working through how to break past their limiting beliefs and the issues that they have. And and so I'd love to have you in our client growth accelerator, make sure that you, you get on the waiting list for it. You know, we have different different groups of people that join us each time, which is amazing. It's amazing. It's one of the single greatest opportunities that exists in the online course space. You might say, well, Jeremiah, why if it's so good, why do you close the doors? I'll tell you honestly, just be super honest with you. It's a marketing gimmick, it really is. Because if there's that urgency where I don't open the doors, maybe for every three months, I'm qualifying the people that really want to get in and I want to make sure that it's a good fit for you. And so I do an urgency where the doors close, but then they open back up and we do we do cycles like that. Okay. And so right now the doors are closed. You're not able to become a client of mine right now. He's like, Jeremiah, you mean you're you would turn down. Good greenbacks. You turn down some good money. Yeah. In fact, I've turned down way more than that. I've turned down millions before. By the way, I also refer you to my my therapist right here. Whenever you're wondering, Jeremiah, who who did you go to therapy with? I'll tell you his name is therapy with dave.com. Dave Adam Musco is an incredible guy. You can schedule a consult with them. Oh, didn't work. You can write him below. He's incredible to get in touch with and he's who I do therapy parts work trauma work with. awesome guy. Okay. And so yeah, get on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator. It's going to be one of the greatest things that you that you're a part of. And for everybody else, head on over to my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. And jump in for the five day event with us the start and grow your group coaching to six figures event. This event is what's going to take things to the next level for you. This event is what's going to take things to that next level for you. Oh, did I not have my screen up when I was showing Dave for a year. Here he is Dave out of Musco. This he uses internal family systems and parts work therapy, which is based off of the book No bad parts, healing trauma and restoring wholeness by Dr. Richard Schwartz. If you want to dive deeper into this, this talks about how we all have not just a mono mind but it challenges the mono Mind theory that we're all born with sub minds and sub parts, and that we all have sub personalities that we all have a multifaceted mind. And that sometimes certain parts get stuck in childhood trauma. And that what we do is if we can listen to and acknowledge those different parts, they become integrated, and we have more emotional control. And we're less reactive by simply resolving some of these stuck tapes that are going on in our head. And so no bad parts is this. And Dave Musco is a psychotherapist who does parts work internal family systems, Emotionally Focused Therapy, which is awesome. Okay. So listen, thanks for being here. I'm super excited that you showed up. If you're thinking about jumping in to the start and grow your group coaching to six figures, just take a leap and register, just put in your name and email address right here. And join me for these five days. Even if you're not sure if you're going to at least get on the calendar so that you have it there. And then go buy the VIP package so that you get those recordings as well. If you're still wanting the recording of today's session, you can go to the VIP upgrade link and actually still get the recordings of this session as well as all these bonus trainings on growing your coaching program, creating your video script, creating your lead magnet growing your email lists getting more clients finding your niche. And that's in here, all right here for just $7 you can get that that as well. Okay, here's something that you want to do. And I'm gonna leave you with this. Many times we can go through a training like this. And we say, Wow, this was great. And then we sit back and we do nothing with it. Make this a different time, make this something different. Make this be different than the previous trainings that you've been on. Make this be a little bit different than than the previous coaching programs that you've been a part of. And take action on what I've just shown you simply make an account at open AI, which at GPT. And maybe you've been going through your like I've been trying to but I can't get into chat GBT. Okay, great, go to you.com and type in under you chat. It's the exact same engine and it's free under you chat. Write a sales letter for a dating coach for Hindu family practices.

[1890:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, so this is over on yahoo.com. See, okay, so some of you are complaining because you couldn't get an open AI when this u.com is open right here. It's available right here, which is really cool. generate an eight module course on dating in the Hindu religion

[1899:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: introduction to dating, dating and courtship and India dating rituals, write a sales letter for a webinar about this course.

[1903:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that broke it. That's funny, it wasn't basing it off of this content right here. Interesting. So again, it may not be able to actually work that way that way that like a chat GPT does. Or there we go. But it's able to at least get you there as well for free. If you if you want Jasper, you can pay for Jasper and jasper.ai is one of the best tools out there to do this if you get boss mode. And boss mode gives you access to Jasper chat for free. So Jasper chat is a better version of jet ship chat. GPT right here. Write a sales letter for a dating coach to Hindu religious people. And so it's able to ride it with more colorful life. Language and it can include Google search data right here, which is really cool. By including Google search data, you can actually have it pull in data from the search engine. If I haven't included Google search data, I can type this in and see what else it comes up with from what's in Google. Using Jasper.

[1927:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you a Hindu looking for love? Do you? Do you like, do you feel like you need help navigating the dating world, introducing a certified matchmaking for singles. So it's slightly different, but it's able to pull in some of these sources right here. That's funny. I have Sikhs and Hindus to date smart and find that sweet. Literally. We just We found her. We just wrote all of our marketing materials for her. Somebody should send her the link to the recording of this and tell her that we wrote all of her coaching info. That's funny. That's cool. Very cool. Okay. And so do you see how you're able to take this and and cause it to write an outline for an eight module coaching program for this?

[1949:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, interesting. So that's pulling the data from that. So actually, I wouldn't want to include the source data.

[1955:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's just take that back in the chat GPT.

[1957:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Notice how GPT can use much larger Oh really? Too many requests in one hour?

[1961:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: No way I'm blocked out of it. That's hilarious. We can go into the boss mode document here and just pull from this. We take this copy and then we just give it a command does kind of the same thing as chat GBT when you run a command

[1973:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: right there we go. And so I find Jasper actually even comes up with better content than Chad GPT for some of this stuff. And so you can do a trial of Jasper by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash Jasper. This link is my affiliate link to get a free trial of Jasper 10,000 words that you can use. It truly is basically like a pro version of chat GPT if you think of it that way, Jasper is the pro version of chat GBT because it's trained better for marketers and coaches and course creators. And I've actually developed one of the most downloaded recipes called perfect offer copy for coaches, course creators and trainers. It's right here over@community.jasper.ai And you can scroll down here. And there's all these different recipes that you can use to make different content in Jasper. I have mine right here perfect offer copy for coaches, of course creators, authors and trainers that you're able to check out and so listen, thanks for being here. I'm excited that we got to spend this two hours together. I'm going to jump over to the VIP over with everybody who's waiting for me. Don't wait. Get on the waiting list. For my group coaching program, do wait by getting on the waiting list and then jump in when we open the doors and then spend the five day intensive with me to let start moving the ball forward. We're together the start and grow your group coaching the six figures and grab the VIP to this. You won't regret it. For those of you that are in the VIP, I can't wait to see you in there. For those of you wondering how you get into it again, the link is in your email, you've been sent it enough times, but you can also go to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash upgrade dash, VIP. You can see it typed in right there in the URL. Just type that into your URL bar. And you can get the $7 upgrade to get the backstage pass to the Zoom call plus all these bonus trainings. All right. I'm gonna head on over to the VIP now. I'm gonna take a quick little potty break and I will see you guys in a little bit. We'll talk soon

