VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-08-17T20:35:09.000Z
Duration: 65 min
Otter ID: JIYRIqSpCYsuy4Jc6HVDecw_Fqs
---

[3:37] Speaker 0: pom

[5:16] Speaker 0: pom participants

[7:48] Speaker 0: they spoke

[14:47] Speaker 0: they for bonus q&a invite link, yada, yada. There we go. All right. Go live in our celebrator group right there. Recording this Okay, we're gonna let Jim Here we go. There we go. All right.

[22:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everyone. Welcome over welcome over to the VIP. How's everybody doing?

[25:12] Speaker 0: Today is an exciting day

[26:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: we opened the doors to the accelerator for you, you know how to find the link to that. Can't wait to see a lot of you in there that are that are jumping in that have jumped in. But I want to take your questions here today. I want to work with you. We still got today. We still got tomorrow, our session tomorrow, we still got our VIP tomorrow. And I haven't announced this in the main session. But we're actually adding in two more. Three bonus days of q&a. So we're doing not just today, not just tomorrow, but you got two more q&a days right there with me that we're going to be that we're going to be doing we're going to be doing Saturday,

[36:49] Speaker 0: Saturday, August 19. And then

[38:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tuesday, August 22. Same time is kind of our main session. We'll be doing it at two o'clock. So we'll be we'll be going live with the q&a. You'll get all the links to those those bonus sessions on Saturday. And then Tuesday next week. In addition to we still got today, we still got tomorrow, because I want to work with you and I want to help you get results in your business. I don't want you to leave here. Struggling questioning somebody said, you know, Jeremiah, I got more questions than answers

[46:47] Speaker 0: during this time.

[47:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I realized I was like, yeah, that can happen. But I got answers for most of your questions. So and I feel very confident in being able to help you with that. So raise your hand if you got any questions. Hold your hand up. Ask any questions you got what's up Stacy Brown? How are you?

[53:27] Speaker 0: I'm good. I

[53:45] Speaker 2: really enjoyed today's session. I felt like I was in charge. I'm like, yeah, there's a man born

[55:12] Speaker 3: God. Anyways. Question.

[56:15] Speaker 2: So I kind of figured out how I wanted to break down the view free offer the challenge. But I had a question about how to incorporate a membership program. Currently, I have a group that I've reactivated. It's over 700 women, that our mothers in different stages of life, and they're really motivated to, you know, make their lives better not necessarily in leadership, but in just many different aspects. Yeah, I'm wondering how do I craft an an offer in utilizing the warm leads that I have in that group, to then take them to my leadership program,

[70:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: so the process is going to be the same whether you're sending it to a warm audience, a cold audience, whether they're in a membership or not, whether you're sending them to an e book, a coaching program a membership? The process is exactly the same across all of those. What what part of it are you wondering about as far as what's different as far as that goes?

[77:19] Speaker 2: Well, mainly if is it different? I guess.

[78:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: This process focuses in on you basically get people to join you on an invitation that you've invited them to of some kind, and then you make a presentation to those people of the whatever thing that you want to direct people towards. And no matter where they're coming from, basically, you're getting them into a room with you. And we call this we like to use like virtual events where there's a date and time where they actually have to show up and listen to this. You can also do it evergreen, you can also do it, where it's pre made and stuff like that, I'll say, that's a lot more effective if you have been in the industry a long time, because it takes a lot of knowing exactly what to say, to close sales to get evergreen to work. Most people find that evergreen, they're gonna see a drop in almost 80 to 90% of their conversion and sales rate when they go Evergreen. And the reason for that is because it lacks that personal touch of you actually, being there live with people. And so because of that, you got to be really, really dialed in with everything for evergreen to really work. Now we can make evergreen work, my goal that I tell people to do is do it live, do it in front of some people with the intention to turn it into evergreen as your goal. But you might be saying, well, can't I just go out there with Evergreen short you can. Most people that I know that do make zero money. And so you can try that out. But I don't want you to be disappointed and upset that oh man, my evergreen offer didn't work. Now this whole thing doesn't work and nothing works. When there's actually a way to mitigate that, especially in the beginning, especially as you're testing things out. And so yeah, sure, you can go out there with Evergreen. And and this is what a lot of the clients we've worked with. Most of the time, if their first offer is, is an evergreen model, it very rarely produces sales. And so by being able to do it live, optimize it, actually go back and look at the data, optimizing your message, your sales, pitch, your presentation, optimizing your ads to bring in better people. When we talk about better people, I'm talking about more targeted, who is more likely to be a good fit for what you're actually offering. qualifying people, the algorithm actually is able to qualify people that way to pull in the right people for you when you're running paid advertising. And so with doing that, it's important to to create some kind of an offer that speaks to a specific problem and dream outcome that somebody has most of our offers, just include those two things. What's the problem? Where are you stuck? And where would you like to get to? And very rarely in our landing page, do we describe how we get them from point A to point B? We're just simply leaning in on the fact that we're building trust that we can do it, that we actually can do it. And then once we're in our presentation, and they're in front of us, that's when we present the how of how it all works out. Yep.

[126:56] Speaker 2: That actually explains why so thank you.

[127:36] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. Kimberly Smith, what's up, Kimberly? Hello.

[129:55] Speaker 3: You mentioned that you have some Facebook ads assistants, you mentioned in one of our trainings. And I wanted to know how technically how they are able to get into your account, like how do we allow them our access to our page, like I have a business Facebook page and the budget say how can they get in there and manage it for us? Without giving them our passwords? I guess it's a ton of a technical question.

[137:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, so you create what's called a business manager account and Facebook. And it's like a bucket where you add your page and you add your ads manager and then you can give their account access themselves to be able to log in and access it. So you can also revoke their access to by doing that. So you're basically giving them they treat a business manager account as kind of like this is your silo with all your business assets. And then you can give people keys to get in by granting them access.

[144:34] Speaker 3: Okay. Okay. And then they'll have access to a certain budget that you give them and not more, then like,

[146:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you're not giving them money, you're not giving them money. Okay, so they go in there and they set and you're going to want to check that they did set this they set the maximum amount that Facebook can spend with your ads, but there's no money transferred to a Facebook ads assistant that you're giving there. You want them to be using your card in your ads manager account and this is a we have a number of courses that are in our accelerator that go through how to set all of this up the right way in there. Okay, good.

[153:22] Speaker 3: Well, that's that's a relief because one of the one of the things holding me back from ever asking for help is not wanting to give all my passwords away. Yeah, for different

[155:59] Speaker 1: programming holidays. You don't most platforms you don't have to anymore. They let you give like different levels of access to people without giving away your your main account password. So you can like give like employee level access to people so they can log in and run things without being able to have access to everything most. Most website platforms, most email platforms, Facebook, Instagram ads, they have that ability to kind of silo off what people get access to that work for you.

[164:31] Speaker 3: Okay, good. And then my next question if you want to share, but remember, you mentioned your mom kicked you out of your company. But did you? Did you ever tell us why or like, if that was a good thing in the end, or like, I don't hang in at the end of the story, like you, she kicked me out of the company. And then, but then you also mentioned you work with your mom a lot. So I was kind of wondering like, did she do it for your own good or like, you know, just to kind of get some insight, if you don't mind? Well,

[171:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me ask you this, what kind of insight Are you looking for?

[171:45] Speaker 3: Well, like Did she did she say, you're, you're in my company, you're doing too much for me, I see your full potential, I want you to go out on your own. So I need to kick you out of here. That we're not working together. Well, like I don't like working with people. So that's why I'm asking like, family members like and that's kind of where I'm

[176:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely, yeah, I had just gotten married, I was getting distracted on some other things. And I had some I also needed to go on my own journey of healing my own mental health. And it was the biggest thing that she felt that needed to happen for me to be able to kind of go to the next level in my life. And she encouraged me since she's like, start your own company. Start your own business doing what we've been doing together. And so that was the encouragement behind that. Now, here's the thing I was I was kind of pissed off by it when it happened. Because I had all this like, I was like, Okay, I have access to all this resources. And, and I was the CEO of her company, running it for her. And with that, I was like, I had all these dreams of what I wanted us to do. Well, my mom was nearing retirement ages, she wanted to retire. And so we sort of had this conflicting, I got the energy of being in my 30s. She's almost 60. And that was also conflicting with kind of our vision. My vision was like, let's go to the moon. And she's like, I just want to retire and live my best life. And so that was all of that kind of combined together. That has brought us back together. Now we work together as far as I'm a consultant to her business with all the stuff I'm teaching you sales copy, offer creation and advertising.

[197:37] Speaker 3: Okay, well, thank you. That makes sense. Okay, that's great. Yeah, she did that for you. She actually helped you.

[199:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, it was it was good. I learned what I didn't know about business. See, because I thought I had all these strategies that would work. But I was too afraid of people. I was too afraid of other people. So even make a dime in my own business until I got over that. Because I was concerned with always disappointing everybody. I was a chronic people pleaser, who always had to do the right things, quote, unquote, I'm not talking about like, when I say do the right things, I'm not talking about doing wrong, hurting people crimes fraud. I'm talking about like I was so such a perfectionist, that nothing was ever good enough. And I was so seeking out doing everything perfect that I was incapable of actually making money in my own business, until I worked through that area. And that's why I talk so much about it with people is that's one of the number one things that I see that prevents people from succeeding is their desire to do everything right, their desire to do everything perfect their desire to here's, here's a hard one manage their reputation so hard. Again, my reputation my track record in the marketplace, that's not on trial, but I'm gonna have people out there that are going to misjudge me misunderstand me think wrong things I've had people say all kinds of nasty stuff to me that are not clients of mine that I have never done business with, but their preconceived judgments that they've had. And I've had the grow thick enough skin to say I literally could not care less about their opinion at all, I'm going to focus on those that celebrate me, I'm going to focus on those that I love doing business with and that was the number one thing that stopped me from making money in my own business was was just my people pleasing nature. As I cared way too much when people thought about me and and and managing other people's emotions and feelings too much a lot of codependency to work through. And and on the flip side of that, I started working with a professional therapist. And I can see from the day I started doing that my income has risen because I've gotten a lot bolder, a lot more confident. not second guessing my skill set, not feeling like I have to prove myself to anybody. I mean this politely. I love y'all, but I don't need to. I don't feel a need to prove or validate myself to anybody who's here. I did a year and a half ago, two years ago, and that energy was actually coming across when I would do presentations, the energy of the fact that I was somebody who didn't believe in myself and anytime I would do it sales pitch people would be like, I don't know, you kind of seem like something's off a little bit. And I was like, Yeah, I don't really believe in myself. And they're like, Well, then why should I believe in you either. And that's why we didn't get any sales. And that's really a big part of in selling. When we don't believe in ourselves. It's very hard to be able to get anybody else to do so as well.

[245:10] Speaker 3: All right, well, thank you. That's excellent. Thank you.

[245:41] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. You know, um, fun. Yes.

[247:25] Speaker 4: Good evening, again. I have just been chatting about my price points for

[250:00] Speaker 0: from my

[250:54] Speaker 4: my products, which is a 12. Week, a 12. Week bootcamp. Okay. Parents, parent coaching and mentorship bootcamp. So I just needed a bit of help in that I know you're talking about Yes. Self Confidence, I don't think I lack the self confidence. I just have worked long, too long with not taking pay. I mean,

[259:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's exciting to make money. That's the thing a lot of people like, I because I do these sessions of like, how to start a mentorship business. I can take somebody from like, they beginning stages to making money. But there's this disconnect. Sometimes when people do like they feel really guilty, charging money for what they're doing, or that they eventually get to where you're at, where they're like, Okay, I gotta make some money doing this, or it's not even worth the time putting into it at that point, right. There's always a crossover at that point that I find that people get to where they're finally, they either quit mentoring, or they decide, okay, I got to figure out how to monetize this. And so I'm just to encourage anybody who's here, like, if you're feeling guilty about charging money, or anything like that, you'll get to that place to eventually where you're like, Okay, I need to make some money from this, and then do it the right way. And that's what we can help you with. As far as your pricing goes, you know, I a recommended rule of thumb that I tell people for any program, whether it be a eight week or a 12 week is $1,000, if that's too much for you, I would try three to 400 as sort of maybe a discounted entry level price, because three to 400, you can still make a good profit margin with your with Facebook ads that way below the $300 level, it's very likely that you will lose money with your paid advertising, if your main program is under $300. If your advertising, if it's if it's to your organic list, you might be able to give them a discount to get some case studies, you know, 100 to 200 bucks to an organic email list that you have see that out, because here's what you got to think about when you're running Facebook ads, as you're at least as you're at least trying to double or triple your money. When you get them dialed in, you can make 20 to 30 times what you're spending on ads. But initially, it might only be like double or triple as we're going out there. So we got to think of okay, $300, you're gonna take home half of that, because you're gonna spend about half of that on Facebook ads just to get a sale. So you're really only making about 150 on that. So if you're sending it to your email list 100 to 200 is a good test run to kind of see, but once you start running paid advertising, we gotta go. We gotta go up to that tier to where you can start to actually have some cash flow to afford the ads at that point. Yeah,

[298:29] Speaker 4: I think I'm charging 797 Oh, good. Oh, that's for the 12 weeks. Great. And then I've had it three monthly as well. Yeah, three monthly, one monthly.

[302:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's a great price point. Yeah.

[303:50] Speaker 4: So I think with that, with that, I did have people talk about the pricing. But then again, I sort of said, Okay, those are can't do that. You can do a monthly pay for $100 for you know, eight months, nine months. Yeah. So,

[308:44] Speaker 1: yeah, make it make it to where you can kind of make a deal with people they can pay for it a certain way like that. That's always helpful. As well for some of you for your for your pricing. If you're if you're in the United States only you might I don't know, I need to do some research outside of the US. But anybody I mean that

[313:21] Speaker 4: you know, pardon? I mean, the UK, I'm in the UK.

[314:41] Speaker 1: Yeah. For anybody else who's on here that I want to share this with them. If you are in the US. This is a very easy resource that you can use for anything that you charge over $1,000 for they will actually create their a bank that will give your client a personal loan to pay for it. And so then charging 10 to 20 1000, they can take out a loan to be able to pay for that, and have lower payments like a $20,000, you could do it at $600 a month, with with the loan calculator there. So looking for some kind of like a financing with a bank that you can partner with to, for higher ticket stuff is a great way to bring the monthly payment down for people. Okay, I wouldn't do more than 12 months in house financing myself.

[327:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Beyond 12 months, it starts to get real hairy as far as following up with people. And that's where I'd rather lean on the banking system if people need more than 12 months to pay for something at that point.

[331:02] Speaker 4: So if I'm in the US, I can take advantage of that, Ben?

[331:59] Speaker 1: Yeah, you can, you might be able to partner with like a, I don't know anybody. But in the UK, you might be able to find a bank or a banker that might be able to work with you to do something similar, though, for your clients. Yeah. So that's always a conversation to be had. It's kind of the same as like selling a vehicle, you know, people buy a vehicle for 36 to 48 month terms, it's the same type of a thing. Yeah, it's called Coach financing.com, I put it in the chat here. It's that's the, that's the link to it. Okay. So that's a really cool option. As far as being able to do high ticket, even anything over 1000 to $2,000, you could do that. And people's payments for $1,000 deal could be less than 50 bucks a month, if they finance it through that the same way. And here's how I see it, it's the same way somebody would go over to Apple computer,

[346:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: go find a MacBook, oh, it's 1000 bucks, they're gonna finance it at $108 right here, or they're gonna go find a MacBook Pro or something like that and be able to finance through Apple, you're able to offer very similar type of payment deals with people. For what you're doing. I'm trying to find something here. This one's 5000. So they're they're offering? Yeah, they're only doing 12 month payments right there. But that's actually how I got the idea for how we price our accelerator was from Apple. Don't do it right here.

[354:24] Speaker 4: So, you know, because you're not there for 12 For nine months, I don't want to chase them up, you know, the six months after they're done? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm sort of thinking, you know, what sort of, I can

[359:02] Speaker 0: use so

[359:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so part of that is you'll want to have like a, an automated follow up system, an automated payment system,

[361:50] Speaker 1: somewhere to follow up with people that are that are not making payments with you, you have a customer service first and do that, you know, people have declined payments, I we have a system that we send people, emails, stuff like that. We'll work with people to if they if they ask, and so there's always options to do. My goal is this is I'd rather figure out how to retain the sale retain the client, you know, the make money be a real issue around things. So all right.

[369:46] Speaker 4: Tell the client. Yeah. All right.

[370:35] Speaker 0: Robert. Robert, here, how you doing, Robert? Hello.

[372:53] Speaker 5: Hopefully, you can pardon the screaming dogs and cats and kids in the background.

[374:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's okay, we're, we got packing downstairs, the baby, we got four dogs in the house. A bunch of family members packing up our house, my house is literally turning into a

[377:56] Speaker 0: just a bunch of moving boxes in there.

[378:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I told them keep this little corner right here until next week, so

[380:32] Speaker 5: I was actually thinking about asking about pricing and stuff, too, is I know he probably going to go into that. Maybe tomorrow or so. But, ya know, I know I'm underpriced for what I should do. Yeah, and how I'm going to be, you know, if I'm going to be doing this kind of coaching as opposed to just, you know, a course on Thinkific or whatever. And I mean, I, the Blitz small classes I've done in the past, were like, you know, $97 for a one week, you know, course a couple days with me basically is a one on one. My course I'm thinking of as as I have it at 197. Right now, it's a six week course, but it's basically all automated. You know, I'm trying to add in the the live video stuff. I'm trying to put that stuff in now. I don't know exactly how much I actually shouldn't charge for it.

[393:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so for pricing. Because I recommend everybody because of how the algorithm is is to run paid ads, we have to charge at least three to really $400 to make sure that you're getting a profit margin. Whatever you're selling to people. Without running paid ads. You can kind of eat that cost yourself. That's where if you're just doing it word of mouth organic 100 to 200 is a pretty good rate. But once you start going going out there with paid advertising, it's important to price it to where like, that's how we can make sure that the paid ads isn't this massive expense. Because we're able to bring in enough sales, even if you only get one or two sales. But you spent maybe 500, to do a test, you only got one sale, well, that's Ouch, that was, that wasn't a bad test at 400 bucks. Okay, you're out $100 for a campaign, you got two sales, you made a profit right there. So that type of price point, I want everybody to get to where you're actually selling that 1000 to $2,000 range. And that you add that you add value to that. And what you could do as well is that turns into sort of an ongoing program, to where it's not just a term for eight to 12 weeks. But it's actually something that that transitions into a membership program that might be 100 to $200 a month to get continuous access.

[415:20] Speaker 5: That's another thing I want to look into too, is making memberships and

[416:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: membership is a great way to have recurring revenue. The problem with it coming out the gate is the amount of revenue you make from a membership is very low initially, if you don't have a big email list, and you don't have a big following. So this is why I recommend for people cashflow things by selling maybe eight to 12 week programs a couple of times, maybe for about a year to start to get the cash flow going and then transition to the membership model. And then how I like to charge for that as at least 1000 to 2000 for the year 100 to $200 a month for a monthly payment as part of as part of the membership. Again, if you got to make it cheaper than that, I wouldn't go any lower than $27 a month for a membership. I've seen, you know, we did $27 a month for Rick pinos worship coach, initially, we were bringing in 40,000 a month in recurring revenue just off of that. And that was his ad spend that we were able to pull into other campaigns to help things grow at that point. Um, part of it is also just kind of like testing, what is your marketplace respond to, if you launch something at 500 bucks, nobody buys it, you could send them an email that says, hey, here's a discount code to get 50% off, see if they respond to that. And then next time out, maybe you sell it for 250 300 At that point, part of that really isn't just experimentation with your market. That's one side of it. But the other part is,

[439:32] Speaker 0: it comes from

[440:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you ever I don't know if you ever heard the quote, but really like

[441:49] Speaker 0: anybody is willing to pay

[442:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: a certain price if they are the right person who perceives there's value to them. And that we shouldn't lower our prices just to convince people to work with us, I would say in the beginning, and Alex Hermoza he says this as well. And he's like the king of selling $40,000 programs. But he says Like if you got no clients think get a couple of sales at a discounted rate, maybe 200 or 300 bucks, just to start to feel that momentum of what getting sales feels like just to start to feel that momentum right there. But you're gonna want to graduate to where you're able to charge that that price point of that 1000 to $2,000 level so that you have those profit margins going with you. And you can always present your offer in a way to where the perceived value of the offer is, at that level, a big part of it is just our level of confidence that we show up with when we're making our presentation can determine a lot of that with people as well.

[457:49] Speaker 5: Can you grandfather people in like that lower rate? And then can you justify raising it later or?

[459:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't raised their rate if they're grandfathered in, right? I'm just like I would rate as like an initial type of a thing,

[461:44] Speaker 5: right? Because I know there's a couple of people in my my personal Facebook friends you know, that have expressed interest, you know, I don't want to kind of give them a you know, friends and family discount kind of thing. But,

[464:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I and I've seen so many schools of thought on this like some people like don't sell anything for less than 30,000 Well, if selling something for 30,000 overwhelms you to the point that you're now not going to sell anything for three years, I'd rather see you get some sales at a price that you feel comfortable with. And then start to like reach that level with your value ladder. We've always built our businesses with kind of lower entry level products but then sold higher like 1000 $2,000 level programs 5000 10,000 in that price range to build all of our businesses and and so that's what I teach how to do that's what I recommend people do.

[475:02] Speaker 5: I'm gonna try to kind of try using your this whole like you know, $7 VIP kind of concept as a you know, for something or other you get the low end and then do something along this kind of model if I could. I'm not sure.

[479:02] Speaker 1: Yeah, and the VIP is a great way to kind of qualify Who am I It fits into that who fits into is a good fit to work with you. And also make sure that you're answering questions from qualified people. There's been some questions that have come in, in the main session that are completely different than what's been asked in here. And, and and like, I'm kinda like,

[486:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: from me doing so many of these, you know, if somebody's not willing to jump into this VIP to get their question answered, I told my I told my group this this is, this is like an advanced level sort of thing. I'm ranking people's questions internally, in my mind from a scale of one to 10, usually, for the purpose of my own marketing. So if somebody is always asking a question, but they're never in the VIP, they're never showing up. They're never actually asking, and they're never upgrading, but they got a lot of questions in the main program, I'm gonna read, I'm gonna rank their question at a at a level one or two, in my in my mind, especially if I notice a pattern of a lot of people who aren't upgrading to the VIP asking the same level of questions. But I'm not going to really give a lot of energy to even trying to serve that group of people, even if they're, they're asking a lot of questions. My goal is I even want to try to repel them from our marketing. Now they slip through ever so often, but I do pay attention too often. If we're getting like the same type of question in our VIP. And I really the questions that I put like a level 10 on, are the clients that are actually in our mentorship program? What questions are they asking? And then what questions are people that are in the VIP asking, that eventually ended up becoming clients. And so to me, I pay attention to the needs goals and desires of people that are, are most likely to actually buy my program from me, versus people that are just there month after month and not moving forward with us. And so that's my own internal ranking. And then I bring that into my offers to where I'm adjusting and tweaking the language of my offer to attract more of those people that are likely to be a buyer versus not

[515:02] Speaker 5: Do you have a an email from a provider or whatever and if you prefer to use I'm gonna go for auto response and offense not from

[517:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: MailChimp for that myself. So I use I use MailChimp and Squarespace for the landing page for the for the website, you can use any number of like my mom uses WordPress and Aweber. It works just as well. I know people that are using Wix and other platforms, also working well

[522:25] Speaker 5: on Wix. I'm not I'm just trying to I'm trying to build up the best value for you know what little money I've got at the moment. Yeah, yeah, I'm just wondering if you had something.

[525:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I like I like MailChimp, and Squarespace is kind of my go to. That's what we build all our landing pages on. So Alright,

[526:47] Speaker 0: that sounds cool. All right. All right. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah. Catherine May.

[529:00] Speaker 6: Hey, this wasn't originally my question. But what you just said, sparked another question. If you use Squarespace and you know, for your landing pages, what about funnel builders that have like opt in pages and sales pages in the funnel building like Click Funnels System IO kartra, that type of stuff. What's the difference? Why do you do

[534:07] Speaker 0: that? They're just different platforms.

[534:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I found when I started my business, a lot of people get really overwhelmed by things like kartra System IO and click funnels. And Squarespace is super easy to get pages up with, even if you have very little tech skill. So my I picked Squarespace personally, just because it has probably the lowest barrier of entry as far as price and technical know how to get something going. But the same process works with with Click Funnels, it works with system I know it works with kartra. It's the same, even our landing page structure that I recommend that people use. We have, we have a class and accelerator called landing page blueprint. And it's this blueprint of kind of how we put landing pages together. I recommend even when I've worked with people with Click Funnels with kartra with Kajabi, any of those other builders to still follow the same sort of okay, put this headline here, put this there, put a photo to the left over here, put the text there keeping it very simple. Very easy to read. Not a whole lot going on on the landing page, a lot more minimalistic type of landing pages. I still want to have maybe a few stock photos. I find that that's really helpful. But as minimal as possible with bells and whistles on our landing page, the better in my experience.

[555:47] Speaker 6: You say stock photos, not photos of yourself are better

[556:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: use but you can use photos of yourself as well. Yeah. Okay. I got photos of me and I got stock photos. Like this is this page right here. This is a stock photo.

[559:53] Speaker 0: This is photo of me and my wife. Here's a stock photo right there. There's a stock photo. And then I got testimonies from clients right here. And then further down, I got a photo of me another picture of me another one of me right at the bottom here. So I kind of mixed the two together.

[565:28] Speaker 6: Okay, like that, because right now my, my current setup is a little confusing because I've listened to all the Guru's tell me what to do, and it's all a hot mess right now. But um, I have like my, my main website website, that is Katherine resume.com, which is where you can buy my book, and you can find out about coaching that then it it will redirect you, if you click on any of the links to either Amazon or wherever you buy books, to buy the books. And then it'll redirect you to like my System IO for biblical body plan.com, which is my group coaching and course. And it's kind of like a, I think it's just a mess. I liked the way that yours is laid out better, it just seems like it's way more seamless. So I was like, Maybe I should.

[576:20] Speaker 1: Yeah, and it's directly how we built with my with my mom's site, we did kind of the same thing. Like she's got, that's pretty much the same type of layout. She's got her landing page here with her offer for this is her main training.

[580:52] Speaker 6: Is there a benefit though, to to having the funnel builders in any way over this? Right now, like, well, you have it connected to your MailChimp, for instance. You just have automations set up for like, so for instance, in your funnel, I went through your funnel, right? Like I got in your funnel. I said, Yeah, I want to be part of the the Saturday thing. Well, I can't go like I'm not gonna be here. Oh, I gotta better do the VIP. Okay, so I went through that. And then I joined and I upgraded to the VIP to come in here. And then the other day, I joined your waiting list. So every day I've been getting these emails like, hey, day one started in 15 minutes, day two, starting right now, VIP, all those things like those automated emails are coming to me. Then I went in, and I pre registered to get on your waiting list on the thing to join your program. So then I started getting the sequence of emails again, starting yesterday saying Join Me Saturday the 12 for this live training. And I'm like, I'm pretty sure that's not right. And so I thought I wonder if it's fun. Oh,

[596:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: the reason you got the 12 was because I forgot to pause that one.

[597:07] Speaker 6: Okay, that's fine. That was that's good. And hey, I thought I am just attention to detail person too. So I was like, Yeah, knows that. I would want to know.

[599:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I think I think I know why it did that. Normally, I turned off the the registration for the 12. And on the waiting list, it was from something else. But yeah, in MailChimp,

[603:05] Speaker 6: okay, I was wondering like, and then once people join your course, I'm trying to walk through the funnel my brain. So once they join your course, they say Okay, I'm off the waitlist you've been accepted, you can join now or the it's open thing, whatever happens, then I would join your course, which is all housed and I would get a link sent to me, I guess through your automation and MailChimp to your Thinkific where you how's your courses? Is that correct?

[609:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: That and to the Facebook group? Yes, we send you an email to each week, anytime that we do our live zoom calls for the for the live trainings.

[611:41] Speaker 6: So how do you track then the people that come in from your Facebook ad, for instance, because I didn't come into this through an ad I had a friend who's in here to tell me about you. I had never heard of you before. So I was like, Oh, thank you. But anyways, I didn't know if you have people register from an ad, how do you track the people that register from the ad, but they didn't actually come in, like, can you do that for MailChimp to just like you would through a funnel site, you can

[617:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've never gone that deep into trying to figure out where they came from, in any of our marketing. And we've made a lot of money by not to do that. So I feel like you can like over spend way too much time trying to figure out where people came from and things like that. And that can sometimes to become a distraction for people I know, for me, I try to minimize as many steps as possible in building my funnel as many things that my team has to build as well if I pass it off to somebody, um, because I find that businesses sustainable when there's less like, like things that can go wrong, there's less complexity, complexity. And so I try to minimize complexity as much as possible and all the stuff that we do.

[632:34] Speaker 0: Um

[633:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, you got that August 12 email it's because normally I go in and I turn those off after the date of August 12. But no, I

[635:12] Speaker 6: love that simplicity first

[635:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: time I forgot doing that in like five months.

[636:42] Speaker 6: Hey, don't beat yourself up. I'm glad I just like hold on. How did this automated get here and not turned off and all that? Yeah, no, I

[638:48] Speaker 7: think it was how it was

[639:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: how the automation was set up.

[639:58] Speaker 6: I Okay, well I love your blood could be attitude towards all this because this stuff I've run but it's almost just like you there's gotta be Yeah,

[642:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can go so crazy, like complex things, I find that that doesn't it doesn't make me a lot of additional money to to add complexity I'm always looking at like what are the levers that are actually going to produce a lot of the cash flow for me. And I'm I'm may add more complexity next year right now I got our eight month old we're moving our house and all that so I'm like okay, this was probably the minute the lowest hands on I've ever been as far as with a series of webinars and it's actually been one of our best because I sort of didn't have time to even overthink anything. I just sort of did it methodically. And I did that as well, like four months ago, and I said the same thing. It's, I can I can directly correlate the times when I've tried to do everything perfect. And get all the T's crossed and dotted. I've actually found that I've suffered my sales have done that. Whereas when I was just sort of like let's just get something up get something going methodically, do this less of a of a mental focus, you know, I think about like, I don't know the science terms on it. Like, if we focus our our brain on something we can really like get anxious about making sure to strain it and that over like little issues and, and I found that I've suffered financially anytime I do that, so

[666:30] Speaker 6: yeah, for sure. No, I love your encouragement in that. So with the MailChimp you chose that over like something like blow desk because its capacities to do more. Is that any? Do you use it?

[669:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because it's what I've been using for three years and didn't move it over? Okay.

[670:17] Speaker 6: Yeah, do you use the paid program with MailChimp or their free version? And I use

[671:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: the paid one, because we have different lists that are separated out and got it. We'll be we'll be going over some of these different details as well. In the in the live main training tomorrow. So I'm, I'm telling people like don't miss day five. If you've gone through all five days, like you're gonna miss like,

[676:18] Speaker 0: the best part. So which is awesome. All right. Very cool.

[678:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Darling. J.

[680:36] Speaker 0: Darling, J, are you there?

[682:23] Speaker 7: Okay, can you hear me? Yes. Okay, great. Yeah, I wasn't sure. Because this computer's not set up as far as camera on my Bluetooth and well, you hear it just fine. Okay, awesome. So my question. And I asked you, I asked this in the other the Facebook Live group was how do you scale? And what's your kind of what's your process? Or how do you gauge the content, because I'm an idea of, like, I've just worked out for the last two many years. And then I've got people that are needing my content, but I'm not. I've just never known how to scale from the VIP from the free VIP to the group, because I'm ready to get started to go. But it's just that that's where I'm at right now.

[697:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, um, are you talking about like, how do you move people through the through the value ladder? So they become customers? Are we talking about like, how do you go from 100 clients to 1000?

[700:48] Speaker 7: Um, I guess, the scale, maybe using the wrong word for the content? I mean, to know how to how much to give, as far

[703:35] Speaker 0: as content, got it,

[703:58] Speaker 7: okay, from from one level to the next. Perfect, because I've been giving way too much away? Well, yeah, I got that mindset

[706:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: is this is the first thing I go back to, when you hone in your sales copy, it's to target a certain group of people. So you're gonna find that certain group of people has certain habits, behaviors, and even ways of thinking that they're all in common. Everybody who's here is very different at different stages of their business. But there's also patterns if I look back at the last year of me doing some events like this, that are that are commonality factors that are shared across all those. So what I look at as well, is there's a shared level of what I call information retention. And information retention is the point at which people get most people would get overwhelmed. There's outliers and people like that. Don't get it. overwhelmed by content. But I look at eight if 80% of the people are getting overwhelmed, past a certain level of content, that's where I stop teaching. And I build everything in between the barrier of how, how much I can actually share with people until they get overwhelmed, to where if I go further than what I've been talking about during these five days with you, and we don't do it step by step, day by day, if we don't move into the accelerator, and I tried to share with you like everything that I teach in the accelerator in five days, like y'all would be like, he's a psycho and this crazy person, because he's trying to cram all of this into the right.

[731:44] Speaker 7: Three compartment fire hose, right? Yeah,

[732:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. And everybody. I mean, I've had people tell me that even this five days is drinking from a firehose. I'm going through it pretty slow, in my opinion, as far as step by step to work with people, but I'm always paying attention to like, what questions are coming in, I found, I found pricing as a question that I get asked a lot about. Because I saw I need to, I know that I need to maybe back up and touch on pricing more. In some of my training, I don't really talk about pricing that much with people in my main training. And so I'm always paying attention to the questions, people are asking the VIP. And then once people become a paid client of mine, and they go to that paid level as well, I'm paying attention to what questions are they asking if somebody is on a five day with me right here. And then they jump into my client growth accelerator. And I'm noticing that the people who jumped into the client growth accelerator are asking me a question that I covered in the five day, I'm going to actually remove that content from the five day. Because even though I taught it, they didn't retain it at that point, and didn't stick. Around at this point.

[754:10] Speaker 7: Yes, the internet, I understand. So when you're first starting out, like launching, because I've had to restructure a lot of things, and there's just a lot of transition that's gone on the last four years. When I'm launching a new, and I'm looking into the membership, also, I've already been in another membership group and all those things. So that's my like, and there's a lot of moving pieces, if you will, right now. But if you're just starting out to launch something new, how do you gauge the very beginning like for the free to the content, I see what you're saying, coming from your perspective, where you're at? You know, you've had I know you've had like, 20 years of doing this, but I'm just starting out with something new. How would you gauge that?

[768:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: How would you gauge what content to give people

[769:07] Speaker 7: free versus to move into the VIP initially starting out? With a VIP a totally new?

[771:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the VIP itself, I let that be more driven by the questions that people ask? Because you'll notice like, these VIPs Yeah, I haven't really taught anything in the VIP. Two, I've been teaching a lot in the VIP, but only if somebody is asking a question. So I know based off of the questions people ask, but that's where chat GPT can become valuable as well, is to figure out we're crafting an offer around specifically, what people want to learn and then picking a topic to actually teach in that. And the AI can be useful to help us kind of come up with what do we put over here and teach to people, but a big part of it does come from experience of once you get people in, you'll start to identify how much of it to teach how much not to? I wouldn't I would I would say this, I wouldn't worry about giving away too much content. Because most people are going to forget most of what you taught them anyways.

[787:33] Speaker 7: I'm not It's not like a word. He's I just do that automatically. For as a giver. I'm just the giver. That's one of my, my test for Yeah, yeah. So I made up. So that's why I resonate so much with you and your mom and I love you guys. So I'm so thankful for you and your profit kingdom.

[793:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: A big part of like figuring out okay, well, how much do you give away? What is good to give away? That's why I go back to what I was saying is it comes from the experience of once you kind of work with a group of people, you'll start to figure out okay, how much are they really retaining? What are the elements that are really going to help them right here and now today? Okay, and then I focus on those. And then if somebody asked me a question about something in the VIP, I'll go do deeper into that kind of like, how we are right here now, like what I just shared with you right now I could have taken 20 minutes of the main session and taught to everybody. It might have even been super valuable if I did, right. In my experience, the the cadence and the process of how I've been doing the five day has worked a lot better for us because of the type of questions we've gotten. And that's where I'm more I'm at this stage, I'm leaning more in intuitively into my instincts and intuition as far as what I share.

[807:47] Speaker 7: Okay, that's okay. Awesome. That's what I do. And that's how I'm LED. So the other one was, you mentioned something about working with because I would love to work with you in the growth accelerator. I'm not sure if the timing is right for me. How, as far as I haven't even looked at the pricing, because I did at the very beginning, I look for your waiting list. And then I didn't get on it. Because I'm like, I'm not sure if the time is right. So I want to commit, you know, when I when I'm able to, and then be all in the

[817:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: so the pricing is right here, it's 2000 for the year. And we do ask that people stay for the year make a year long commitment to be there. Or it's or it's 12 payments of 166 42. And then we have a 30 day like try it period. With either of these, like you can either do pay in full after 30 days be like yeah, that doesn't work. We'll give you your money balance timing. So yeah, I want what I want to do is I want to remove kind of the risk of like, I do need you to at least make the payment get going. But some people have asked why don't you offer a free trial? Honestly, the quality of people we would we would, it'd be too much of a headache for me to do a free trial. So this is like the next best way

[828:06] Speaker 7: of No, I totally get it, it's

[829:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna pay for it. You've got some

[829:38] Speaker 7: skin in the game, too. You're actually making a commitment in your mind. It's all about that totally fine setup. And one thing is,

[831:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: we rarely have people that even take us up on the 30 day deal. But when they do when they do reach us out, we reach out to us. We're 100%. Like, we're not going to try to convince you that I would I would rather people want to leave that they leave. Absolutely. And my mom is the one that

[836:47] Speaker 7: I totally agree with that. Yep. Yeah, that's

[838:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: for sure. That's a bit of like letting go of trying to manage people's opinions, thoughts or feelings about us. We get so hard, I'm trying to make sure to, like control what you do as a client and that you still like, that's not healthy behavior, either. As far as a mentor, but I've been around mentors that have been like that to

[843:38] Speaker 7: have to, and you're not making space for the ones that actually need to be there. Totally. Yeah, that's it. The other city? Oh, in the meantime, if this isn't the time for me, I've got all what's your cat's name? Kitty. Okay, um, so, in the meantime, I've got some of your forces, that it wasn't time for me that I signed up. So which ones would be the best prepare me for the growth accelerator. So I could start preparing for what I'm restructuring because I'm like, got your email list. I mean, I've got a lot of the things but I haven't been able to do anything. Because of my transition for the last four years, it's been a lot of training.

[857:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm sorry, I don't know what you have.

[858:35] Speaker 7: Um, well, I have an email list, build an email list, I have the zoom.

[860:47] Speaker 0: I have a few of your,

[861:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, just some of the different trainings. I mean, yeah, go go through some of those. Start to put your offer together, though, really, what we've taught during these five days is going to be your, your best starting place, and putting an offer together because a lot of those we use to like, get people to join us in this five day here. Because really, that's the starting place for everybody is creating a landing page, creating a lead magnet creating an offer that you can put out there and get people on your email list. That's that's really like stage number one of where we want to put our focus. Before we even focus on posting a bunch on social media. Before we focus on focus on blogging or making our website or our branding the perfect, it's getting something that's going to get people on our email list, and then presenting to those people, a paid offer of some kind. And that's what tomorrow we're really going to dial in for you during the main session. And that's also why I'm adding those two sessions of bonus q&a days here. So listen, keep showing up on the q&a. Keep asking questions. I'm here to help you during that during the next couple of days.

[878:32] Speaker 7: Awesome. I've been here every day. I really appreciate it. All right. Thanks, Jeremiah.

[879:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Glad have you here? Alright, thanks. Yeah. All right, Catherine, may I'm gonna take this as our last question here today, and then we're gonna log off here for today. So, Katherine,

[883:32] Speaker 6: thank you. Um, my original question was your program is 12 months. And that's kind of my program too. And I wonder how you work with, you know, taking new clients in before the 12 month program is over, when you market it as a 12 month program in,

[888:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a 12 month commitment thing. So the way our program is, is, that's why we have an onboarding call that will bring you on, but anybody can kind of come in when we open the doors into it. And then we onboard people into it, kind of like merging onto a highway versus like, a starting point destination, because we have different people that are also at different stages in their business. So there's different classes that you can take as a starting point, we have our group coaching sessions, and we have in our in our Facebook group being able to provide support for people. I've had people ask me this question before, I know that once people get in, they see how it works. And it works out really well for them. And we've not had anybody tell us like they feel lost at all, especially if they're at like the stage where you're at with their business. Sometimes people are lost, the biggest area where people get lost in my program, is if they can't decide on what niche to even coaching yet. And sometimes they get really stuck in indecision land, about like, what to even teach on. But besides that, we're really geared towards client acquisition, Facebook ads, offer copy helping you dial that in to crank up the amount of sales that you get in your business, and then helping you with how do you do that presentation? How do you dial in what your what your your webinars or challenges are? What do you say during those specifically, to have them convert? Well,

[912:58] Speaker 6: okay, so for a program like mine, though, because that sounds awesome. That's what really what I was hoping to do. But I was just curious, if you don't follow a set of curriculum that you go through month one, you always talk about this month two, you always talk about that, because I've wondered, okay, that's good. So after I bring, like if I marketing my program as a 12 month program, and you know, I have these women come in and they get a course like they get in a self paced self study course along with it, the coaching calls are meant for me to show up and just say, hey, what do you need? How can I help you right now? We're not agenda. Okay, that's really good to hear. Because I was like, I don't really know if I'm doing it. Right. And yeah,

[923:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you're doing great. I do have I do have as well, though, there is some structure to to areas, we will also do, there's a like a live training, where I'll do a training for 45 minutes just for the group. And I'm looking at okay, all the questions that have come in over the last three weeks, last four weeks, what is the common denominator and all those questions, and I'm going to do a training for 45 minutes. And like, people are just like, oh, my gosh, that's exactly what I needed right now in my business. And so that's been really helpful. And then I'm also simultaneously creating new courses that we're adding to the members area. So like, if I'm noticing, okay, four or five questions a lot about Facebook ads, or a lot about sales copy, I know, okay, I need to really nuanced down and maybe make another course in the members area, where I talk about that for maybe three or four sessions, and go into that. And so I'm adding new course training content to our vault as well to help people based on where they're at in there. And I'm always able to direct people, okay, tell me what stage of your business you're at, this is going to be the course that's best for you, versus this one over here. Like, for instance, for what you're doing, there's two of the courses in our program, the friendly follow up course, because it's specifically for people that have an email list of some kind, how to nurture that list and get people on your offers. And then I have it's called the successful webinars and challenges course, where I break down exactly what you say, to get people to, from getting them to show up to the closed sale. And we've had a lot of people tell us that both of those have really helped them in the last few months.

[950:23] Speaker 6: So be exactly what that was like, how do you even come up with a challenge or a webinar that's going to resonate with people that, you know, so that's really awesome. And that was one of the questions and I know you use chat GPT for that a little bit. Is that kind of like something that you teach how to use chat GP? Yes,

[955:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: we teach we teach like deeper levels of using chat GPT one of the ways that I recommend people do it is I actually give the the so I have like a rough outline anytime I'm doing a webinar or an event. And I actually give those outlines to our clients that are in the accelerator, and then I tell them, Okay, I take that outline from my webinar, and you can have chat GPT actually fill in your webinar content to my webinar structure. And that's something I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you guys how to do, I'll give you maybe one of our webinar formulas that you can do that. One of the ways that I tell people as well to get really good at webinars, as we also give you access to virtually every webinar that I've ever done, every challenge that I've done, there's a vault of all those, and by people watching how I do the process of delivering the content, closing the sale, that will actually help you get better at the cadence and the nuance of how to deliver that as well by watching how I'm doing it in there, and then sort of reverse engineering it, applying them to your topic that you have. And that's a big part of what we're helping people with in that program.

[974:08] Speaker 6: Yeah, that's great. And do you go over like the Tech because I noticed your cameras awesome. Like your quality is really great on YouTube, for sure when you're doing this, and you're streaming to both at the same time. So it's like, how's he doing that

[977:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm using a $30 camera from Amazon actually, that's like a really cheap camera that I picked up off Amazon. It's really great quality, because I have a bright light. I have a light right here. So this light helps. Okay, yeah, that's just a webcam on my computer. I tried to keep things really low tech as far as like, cost goes for the purpose of I really want to show people that like you don't, you don't need to have deep pockets to be successful with a mentorship business. So that's why I've actually not upgraded a lot of my tech beyond the basic level. And don't plan on in the future, simply because I'm like, I'm living proof of that. You can just do it while I'm doing it. And it'll work.

[989:00] Speaker 6: You know, I really love that. That's really awesome. Thank you. So I do

[989:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: go over the technical like, how do you put the landing pages together? How do you put the all the autoresponders? How do you set up the tracking and the Facebook pixel? Because we do, there's a level of tracking with that that we do. Here's what's fun, though, chat. GPT is a game changer with that. Because if you need to, like, generate some code or whatever, to track something, you literally just ask that GPT to generate it for you. And then just copy and paste it. So now a lot of what we used to have to like figure out and do all that chat. GPT can actually do it for us, which is super cool.

[998:17] Speaker 6: That's awesome. And you don't need to use slides when you're doing like you just show

[999:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: your slides. No, some people love using slides. Um, those are prompts you can actually use in chat, GBT, you could say, Hey, here's my webinar outline. Generate me 50 slides to go with this. And it will literally generate you kind of a template of slides that you could edit for your webinar. We've had some people do that. Slides, no slides. It works either way, I use a whiteboard. I have clients like they need slides to keep themselves on track it. Either way will work for you. Do what makes you feel comfortable in that.

[1008:23] Speaker 6: That's really awesome. I love that. Thank you so much. Yeah.

[1009:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. We had two questions here, as well that I did see in the chat that I did want to answer Stacy Brown asked, How do you do it without testimonies, if you don't have testimonies, that's where the better you get at the sales copy being really bold with your promise. We've ran a lot of sales letters for years, my mom did without testimonies. She actually had a it was a conviction that she didn't want to use Testimonies for her marketing for a while, because she wanted to prove that sales copy alone could do it for people. And I and I'm a firm believer in that, that you don't actually need testimonies, if you get your sales copy dialed in well, now without testimonies, you'll you will get more negative comments from people. But that's where you just kind of got to ignore those at that point. And then generate some testimonies reach out to some people that they've gone through a training to ask them if they can give you a testimony, then that's how you start generating them. You want to generate testimonies as quick as possible, but not having them should never be a reason to not put our stuff out there. And then the last quiz says Do you need a paid otter account to download the transcript? I'm not sure. I don't know. But I love I love using otter AI so yeah. Yeah, I think you guys can click on the little otter link there and it'll give you access. I just got a grant. I just granted you access and Robert. Pamela over an otter AI for the transcript here so Yep. All right. I will see everybody tomorrow. Day five, make sure to be there. I'm excited for this. And for those y'all that jump in the accelerator, I cannot wait to work with you in there as well. We'll talk soon

