2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-09-30T19:56:00.000Z
Duration: 78 min
Otter ID: _VpnUmKEwXYKhSOvJ8klAtaHmhM
---

[1:02] Speaker 0: Go our bonus bonus q&a session let me

[7:43] Speaker 0: let me stream it out right here zoom stream bonus q&a

[15:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Facebook group you get the Zoom link so yeah nobody's here is they happens on these bonus q&a calls I used to bug me

[19:47] Speaker 1: it's what happens it's what's happening

[23:30] Speaker 0: right now

[26:42] Speaker 0: we ended up streaming it right there

[29:42] Speaker 1: should be good.

[31:35] Speaker 1: Awesome.

[32:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're live. So this is our bonus q&a time. I'm going to be here for the next hour doing just open question and answer if you're a mentor. If you're a coach, your trainer, post your comments and questions below. And I will see those questions and comments. If you want to join us live on Zoom, jump into the Facebook group and grab the Zoom link. You know, today I made a post I said, arrogant coaching clients are not worth it. Dealing with people's issues dealing with the fact that like people will come to you as a coach looking to be mentored. And they'll act like they they are mentoring you. And that they're there to teach you a lesson. And it's just better to have those people leave you and no longer work with you no longer coach with you. And so, you know, I think I have the right zoom link here. Normally, we have at least a few people on with me. Yeah, yeah, that's the right zoom link. Awesome. All right. Well, I'm going to be here for the next hour to answer your questions. You can either post questions in the chat, or you can jump into that Facebook group to grab the Zoom link. I don't post the Zoom link on the main post itself, because we had somebody broadcasting pornography into our our group for that. But this is a bonus. Bonus q&a. Open q&a For the next hour. I will be here. I think last time I had to wait like 10 minutes before anybody even came on to this bonus q&a, which is, which is fine. That's how it is, you know, we build a seven figure mentorship business. And still people you know, don't kind of show up, read and reply to messages from multiple platforms. Here, I'm waiting on Zoom to let me in. We're not using the VIP link. It's not the VIP link, it is the bonus q&a Link, did we send the wrong link out via email? When we see it, my team sent the wrong email out.

[71:03] Speaker 1: That could be the case.

[71:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That could definitely be the case, which in the case, we'll have to because I know in the Facebook group, it's the right link.

[74:27] Speaker 1: Let's see in the email. Yeah. The right link in the email

[77:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: says that there's nobody waiting to join the Zoom call on here. So if you're trying to get in maybe reset your zoom. Yeah, we sent the right link out so that's good.

[82:09] Speaker 1: Oh wait that let me see.

[83:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: That was yesterday's email today's email let's see Yep, today's email has the right link as well.

[86:12] Speaker 1: Yeah All right, well,

[87:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll wait to see anyways you can ask your question in the chat if you want to

[89:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: post your question in the chat here it's not the VIP link it's the it's the bonus q&a Link is what you're looking for

[93:51] Speaker 1: bonus q&a Link

[97:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, supposed to be different than the VIP link that's right. Yep. That's the right one. So anyways, if anybody has any questions about growing their business getting more clients

[102:26] Speaker 0: I'll be here for the next hour bonus q&a session here

[110:25] Speaker 1: right

[113:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: well again, you can comment your q&a below

[117:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: like to jump into the Zoom link here

[121:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: outside of the Excel do I offer? No, my accelerator is where I have courses that are in there. And that's the only way to access those. I don't have other courses that I sell. I have my podcasts. I have the different trainings that we we do in the accelerator program itself. There are multiple courses that touch on a number of different topics somebody asked if I have outside courses No, I don't sell those separately

[129:53] Speaker 1: at all. No. All right.

[132:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, I posted the Zoom link in the comments here in the group. Again, that should take you to it if it's not. I'm not necessarily a zoom. Expert. You know, we've never had an issue with Zoom before but today might be that day where zoom might be having trouble so if you're watching this live on any of the social media platforms since zoom doesn't seem to be letting people in feel free to ask your question below in the q&a in the comments, and it'll come up on my screen I'll see it is the Zoom working Janelle is asking interesting. Ah yeah, I'm on the Zoom I'm in there let me I don't I don't know. Once people are saying that they can't get into the Zoom which is interesting. You'll need the passcode as well. I follow the Zoom link from the email

[152:56] Speaker 1: interesting i

[154:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's try this. Let me try sending out another email with a link that I know

[156:01] Speaker 1: will work.

[156:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some of y'all might be having trouble getting in the Zoom link. is the first time I've ever had anybody get have trouble getting in our zoom link waiting for host to let us and so like I get that you're saying that it says waiting for host to let you in In and so but like if you see my screen there's no waiting room so there's something wrong with Zoom it's not that I'm ignoring you just know that fact Okay, I understand that like that that from your perspective it looks like you know I'm leaving you out I'm just ignoring you let me try to send another link out right here I'm not sure this is the first time this has happened in years everybody so

[168:24] Speaker 1: Oh no.

[169:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Internally my you know, it's like I'm like feeling that way. Let's see zoom. link I'm going to send a new link out to everybody just to

[172:09] Speaker 1: just to see if that's working

[173:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: otherwise, you can easily type your questions out in the comments below and I can answer them as I have said a few times

[176:17] Speaker 1: let's see

[177:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: try this zoom link seems that some people have had trouble getting into zoom today

[180:38] Speaker 1: not sure why.

[181:20] Speaker 0: Anyways, try this zoom link

[183:04] Speaker 1: first Yeah, try this didn't work. Okay. So I'm

[184:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to send this out again. I have also pasted the Zoom link in the comments in the post that's the exact one that Zoom gives me

[187:15] Speaker 1: and so

[189:14] Speaker 1: I don't know No Not sure what's going on try this zoom link

[194:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I'm going into my MailChimp right here and I'm sending it out to

[197:24] Speaker 1: virtually everybody

[209:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: again zoom has trouble sometimes so we'll try this if this still nobody can seem to get in Let's google it to people saying waiting

[214:28] Speaker 1: for host zoom but no people showing up Let's google it

[223:07] Speaker 1: is

[223:43] Speaker 0: Oh look it says Ave is in here and he's in here

[225:37] Speaker 1: okay, well

[226:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting. So it looks like again some people are in that's the exact same link that was in the email interesting Oh, did I wonder if the URL on the email let me see if the art is different. Yeah, it is different so it's if you click it it's different us and that ever happens that's why we also include this meeting ID and passcode so I will have to tell my girl that does this that will have to make sure that the right links are there. So anyways everybody thanks for your patience on this. I guess. We had actually sent out the wrong even though so the link is right look at I answered. It's actually the correct link right here.

[239:37] Speaker 2: Differently And

[240:18] Speaker 1: he was not a happy.

[240:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not a happy camper. Got it. So, anyways, here is this was right. If you look in the bottom corner here it says 8469201. So the actual link that was highlighted was

[245:26] Speaker 1: was different. So sorry about that everybody. Whoopsie

[247:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: if that ever happens for you just type in the type in the URL here. All right. Listen, I get it, you're, you're probably pissed off that taken us 15 minutes. But let's go into this. If you if you got a question about your business, about your coaching and mentorship business, raise your hand, let me know.

[255:53] Speaker 1: Interesting, well.

[257:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: The part that I don't understand is the link that I put in the Facebook group was the right link, the link that was in the group that I posted is the right one. So I don't know why that one

[260:31] Speaker 1: wasn't working either. But

[261:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody want to raise your hand and ask ask question now that we're here. I think it always cracks. I'm always amazed by how

[264:27] Speaker 0: UPS upset people get when things don't go. Right. For events like this.

[266:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so for us, we've always just thought, like, literally, like, it's not a big deal. Just like let it roll with the punches. You know, I find it's an area where we judge others that we can maybe lay down some of our judgment is you know, when when links are wrong when an event is sent out, or things like that, instead of getting all bent out of shape, like it's the end of the world just kind of rolling with it. And I think that's something that can benefit coaches and mentors, learning to roll with things when they don't go your way instead of letting it completely you know, ruin. ruin your day. Raise your hand if you have a question here. I'm only going to take I'm only going to take questions from people so this is the bonus q&a time raise your hand if you've got a question.

[283:47] Speaker 1: Anybody got a question?

[284:49] Speaker 0: Anybody want to make a comment?

[287:04] Speaker 0: Anybody wants to connect?

[289:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Aaron on the chat says the Zoom is working. Janelle what's up?

[291:38] Speaker 1: Well, I can't hear your audio. Can you hear me now? Yeah,

[293:10] Speaker 2: yeah. Um, so with the course. I think you had mentioned before that is it like once a week? Or how often do you actually meet live?

[296:09] Speaker 0: Yeah, we meet live once a week.

[297:05] Speaker 1: Um,

[297:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have a live once a month where we do a rewrite of copywriting and sales copy. But I'm also in the Facebook group every day, answering questions that are posted throughout the week. And so that's one of the things that like, it seems silly, like, why is Jeremiah pressuring us in this way, you know, but learning to like articulate in the written word, what our questions are, is a great way to get the most out of a program like this. And learning to take advantage of it, even if it's not your normal, comfortable way of getting coached or mentored. Learning to kind of learn in an environment like that and the people who get the most out of our program, they take advantage and are really greedy of any of those times. And listen, I talked about being greedy of getting your question answered. That's a good thing because that helps you get stuff moving forward. And so there's there's many different opportunities to be able to interact to ask questions to get to get help with stuff. Yes. Anybody else have any other any other questions? Raise your hand.

[320:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Questions, comments, you want to talk about anything about the the event about the program? About your business?

[325:25] Speaker 1: Raise your hand. You got any questions?

[328:24] Speaker 1: Any questions here today? What's up, Janelle?

[330:29] Speaker 2: So would you say that in the program, it leads you step by step, week to week on basically how to get everything started and moving forward?

[333:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, that depends if you're looking for me to be there personally with you, week by week checking in on you where you're at? No, absolutely not. There's none of that in there. There is throughout the courses and stuff, that's all laid out step by step that you can go through. And then in the interaction that we have in the group and in the the calls, were able to see, okay, here's a bird's eye view of where you're at right now. Let's take a look at this. Have you have you jumped in? And at that point, yes, I think it's like, it just really depends on because there's, there's so much opportunity to get a lot out of the program. We have people that do. And but that is showing up going through the content and engaging and that's where you'll get the most out of that for sure.

[347:54] Speaker 1: Right. Yeah, yeah,

[348:23] Speaker 2: I guess my one concern for myself is that I have so many things on the go right now that I want to be able to, you know, actually be super productive. And this be the time to move forward. So you know, I have a couple of jobs that I'm working on right now different things. So I want to do it at the right time where I can get the most from it.

[354:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think you'll get the most from it right now. Because even just being in the environment of the group will help you a it puts a little bit of like, motivation and accountability behind taking action on the things that you're doing. And being around people that are also building together that will that will help you get the things in order that you need to that you might not know that you need until you get started because we discover a lot of stuff that we're like, Okay, I gotta move this around that around as we dive into the weeds of stuff, you know. So I think that it is a good time to get started here. Hey, Karen, I I'm sorry that the links not working for you. I'm I don't know why the link that I like it's the same one I just sent out to it's not working on social media. It's so weird.

[368:12] Speaker 2: If you use the old link, if you use the old link that you sent out like a couple hours ago. That's the one that worked for me.

[370:35] Speaker 1: Not the most recent one. Okay.

[373:14] Speaker 1: So interesting.

[375:07] Speaker 0: The one that I just send out work

[376:51] Speaker 2: I didn't try that one. I just went back. Well, ours. Yeah.

[378:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: It should work because that one was not. Again, haven't ever had this happen before. That's why it's Ave has been with us for a year. I think we had we have been out had once that the Zoom link doesn't work. So do you use restream with Zoom when you restream to stream out? Yes, I do. Yep. So restream goes out to restream is basically a software right here that we can go out to multiple different Facebook groups right here from the from zoom itself, which is cool. So

[389:23] Speaker 3: do you see that as complicated thing to do is just pretty straightforward.

[390:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's really straightforward and easy to use. Hmm,

[391:52] Speaker 3: okay. Okay. Just one other question, which is about whenever you're speaking through zoom now, let's say for example, and through Facebook, the audio volume is normal. Okay, but the same stream at the same time on YouTube is low. Did you observe that? Did anyone tell you about it? Or did you know about it? At all?

[399:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the volumes are different across all those two For those different platforms, right,

[400:52] Speaker 3: right, any solution you thought of any at all? I mean, of course, if you did, you would have done it before. But no,

[402:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no solution to that. I just found that like,

[404:03] Speaker 1: I, you know,

[404:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it gonna? Here's my question, even for anything deciding on a solution? Is it going to affect the bottom line in my business to figure this out? And so there might be a solution.

[408:18] Speaker 1: Right? The sound

[408:31] Speaker 3: quality is not significantly lower, lower. That's what I

[409:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Oh, that's, that's really a filter that I filter all my just decision making in my business through is, is this gonna immediately affect my bottom line? If not, then I either don't do it, don't care, don't change it, whatever. Even if it's not the best thing, quote, unquote,

[414:56] Speaker 1: overall, you know, a lot of people

[416:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't always take that approach. But I've always taken that approach.

[417:46] Speaker 3: Take a Sandra Good to see you. Cassandra. I try to answer your question regarding signing up. And now that Jeremiah is here, maybe you would like to talk to him. Remember a question on the Facebook?

[421:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, feel free to ask any questions here that you guys got? We had a little bit of trouble with the Zoom link at the beginning but

[423:31] Speaker 3: no, no gentleman, she she had a specific question that she wanted to sign up on CGA

[425:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: the site it's got to go to the site over the accelerator site and do

[427:01] Speaker 1: that. So Cassandra?

[430:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so the link is right there. Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator. Here's the thing to I mean, even to Janelle is question even to

[434:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cassandra question I think somebody else had asked to. That's why I don't know of any group mentorship programs, at least that I've seen that have a 30 day money back guarantee. And so this is like, in this business, that's kind of unheard of, to even offer that because of how much value you get just in the 30 days. That's why jumping in trying it out jumping on our call, you know, that's why I say like, everybody can get these three free gifts to because this is anybody can take them

[445:44] Speaker 1: it's up to you. So

[446:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, the doors close October 3. It's funny, you know, I, as you guys can tell, like I'm not a used car salesman. I'm not a super like what traditionally people think of like when you're trying to sell, I just want to demonstrate the value. Promise, your results help you get there and leave it up to you balls in your court to say even to even check it out. I don't do anything that's high pressure or anything on that. So if you're averse of like high pressure sales or anything like that, don't worry about about needing to do any of that because when you qualify the right people. You're basically getting the right people in front of what you're offering. And so you can feel really confident that who joins is a good fit, who doesn't? probably isn't. Oh, you know, and let people make that choice themselves. I've always found that that's a really, really great approach to selling online. I was just masterminding this morning a little about spending some time like when I say masterminding I was like, like coming up with additional ways to kind of serve our group I'm I'm thinking of adding a few a few features for next year. One of those is

[472:31] Speaker 1: where for some of our members,

[473:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: there'll be a qualification for this for some of the people who are in the accelerator. There might even be there's probably going to be a fee for it too. I can come on your presentation and actually help you with the sales pitch like live and do it with you. I've been thinking about doing that. So how do you prove yourself for your beta program if the price spec asked you if you did it before? Well, one of the things is you, you tell them that somebody is asking like if you first launch a program, this is a question from YouTube. If you first launch a program and you don't have any testimonies, you don't have any clients, you don't have any people that have come in front of you. We purposefully sold and we've sold a number of programs without any testimonies. And generally, when you that's where the sales copy comes in, because the sales copy makes a connection with both the logical and the emotional side of the prospects mind to where like, it logically makes sense to do business with you. And it emotionally triggers the excitement to get people to buy from you, but you don't have any testimonies. Maybe you don't have any proof of it, you'll have a handful of people that like there's not going to accept that. And that case, I would not try to even prove yourself to them, just let them go. On the other side of it, you'll have quite a few people that will still buy from you. And if you're just honest, saying hey, this is our for our for our first round, doing this. And we're using a system that has XYZ gotten results. I mean, the thing is, if you're mentoring on something, though, like you should have gotten a result from somebody, whether it be even for yourself, or a result that somebody else has had from from doing it. Every mentor and coach has to start with no testimonies, with no case studies. And one of the worst things that you can do is get caught up in the fact that you're going to have people questioning your legitimacy, and letting that actually stop you and worrying about needing to handle that. I know that that probably isn't the answer that you were hoping for. But it's more of a mindset thing and how you actually think about and approach the situation than it has ever to for you to deal with proving yourself. And the big reason why is because your level of confidence goes and becomes for the right people, the level of confidence that you have in belief in your program is all that they need to see. And we would we try to argue that like, that's not how human beings work. We would even argue that that's not how we ourselves work in sales. You know, right now, what I'm telling you is 100%, pulling back the curtain on sales and marketing, and what we talk about inside of our accelerator program because like these are not discussions that people have outside of sales groups and things like that, because you want to know why people then get all caught up and worried about well, if it's that easy to convince people to take action on something with zero proof. Can I get hoodwinked? Can scammers scam people with these types of methods? Absolutely. They could. You know what I'm saying but but somebody is, is if you're somebody of integrity, you have value, you're delivering results, and you're able to guarantee it, you know, one of the things is definitely why having a money back guarantee is good. If it doesn't work for somebody, you'll give them their money back there's risk there, of course, but concerning ourselves so much with I got to make people approve of me is one of the worst mindsets to get into that will prevent you from making sales in your business overall.

[537:38] Speaker 1: Okay. You know.

[539:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, and it's and it's funny, because it's like, there are literally mentors and gurus that will say the exact opposite of what I just said, because they're afraid of people not liking them. And then they'll do the exact opposite in their own coaching. And so what I'm doing is, that's why what you get from me, you're not going to even hear from a lot of mentors and coaches. Because there's risk involved in telling people this type of information about sales and marketing. Your I'm not worried about somebody else's integrity. I know my own integrity, that's the thing. So. And so I come into a position and I think all of our mentors and coaches need to when you go out there promoting your business, not concerning ourselves with are they going to like me, are they going to approve of me? Are they going to be like it's important to they have to trust that you're going to deliver the results. Cassandra, will you send the bonus sessions to our email if you're if you're one of the VIPs it'll be in the members area. But no, I'm not gonna, I don't know what you mean by that, send it to your email. Um, anyways, the that's one of the like the keys to success is when you go out there to sell the words you say the energy that you project, the energy that you embody. And if you're unable to embody competent energy, because you're so nervous, that's the thing when we're so nervous and afraid what people think about us, we're going to have this energy that's very repulsive to people. And so you've automatically lost them just by the worry and fear that Oh, no, are they going to ask if you've done it before? ask have you proved yourself, things like that? I listen, I've been laughed out of rooms before. Where I walked in, and I said, Hey, I've done this result. Well, do you have a testimony that proves it? No, I don't. Because, you know, I have NDAs. And they said, Well, then, you know, you're a liar. Jeremiah, you've never done what you claim. And I just like literally had people just rip into me for that. And I've had to, it's one of those things, I just have to take it on the chin, keep going. Because me trying to manage and control other people's opinions in the beginning. That's one of the barriers of entry of getting started in a mentorship and coaching businesses, you're not going to make everybody happy, you're not going to please everybody, you're not, not everybody is going to, to resonate with or agree with what you're even saying, half the time. But the ones who do you become irresistible to them. Okay. And when I say irresistible to them, they love working with you. That's why like inside of our program, if you join for 30 days, you'll know, do you want to stay in here and start to grow a business, a mentorship and coaching business? Using the tools that work that produce the results? Or do you want to? Do you want to try to figure it out on your own? I posted the link in the chat right there members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, Cassandra, that's where you log in with your email address. And that's where you'll be able to access the recordings of the sessions. This is a bonus session right here.

[602:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you create a Facebook profile with a name different than yours? No, they'll end up shutting it down, you'll need somebody else to create it. Because now with Facebook, they make you use your ID to verify it. So yeah, if you need to create a different profile, you'll have to have somebody else, basically, that you can hire to do that for you. Um, you know, like, I use my wife's profile for some stuff. Tony says the accelerator group is awesome. Yes. Thank you, Tony. He's in there. He jumped in like, little while ago. I know. All I know is the people that are in that group, they love it. So we'll see. I made a post on my social media, though. I said. I'm arrogant. Coaches, who can't be taught, they're not teachable. It's better to have them cancel and leave your program and then deal with it. There's there's not a okay. Yeah, let me just show you that. So you go to chat GPT. There's no, there's no affiliate link or anything, you just go to chat GPT. And you got to make a free account first, and then you go here under my plan. There's this little pop up right here under my plan, and then that will let you upgrade to the $20 a month version. They're adding a whole new there's a whole new feature set called Chat Jeep or GPT for V GPT. For vision. Not everybody has it but they should get it really soon. Where it can actually like look at an image and tell what's going on in the image itself. And give you a lot of detail like this. How much money do I have? So like now the robot has eyes. You can upload anything from your phone into chat GPT and it will basically extract that information, which is really cool. Or you can ask questions about it things like that. It looks like

[641:00] Speaker 1: Haha, that's funny.

[641:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: It knows how to solve a CAPTCHA links. These little things that are supposed to prevent robots from solving problems. Well, looks like chat GPG can do it. So but yeah, that's the that's the new new version here. How to solve this sudoku puzzle? Oh, my goodness.

[646:45] Speaker 1: That's crazy. Yeah.

[648:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sometimes missing text and characters unable to recognize certain things that Yeah, yeah, so that's how you get the paid version, you go under the My Account section there. And then you can

[653:24] Speaker 1: upgrade it,

[653:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: how much do you charge for your program, you should still charge 500 to $1,000 minimum for any program that you put out there. I know some people they'll do like 80% off and they'll charge 200 You won't make much profit at 200 bucks. needs to be at least like 500 to make it profitable. But

[660:07] Speaker 1: 200

[660:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can get anybody to buy something for 200 bucks if it's valuable enough. That's not a lot of money to most people, when they find something they really want. You know what I mean? Most people spend $1,000 on their cell phones

[666:08] Speaker 1: I priced

[666:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: my programs in alignment with the computer industry. It's what I've always done, what's the average price for a decent powerful laptop you can buy is kind of when I based my programs on you know people are willing to invest 1000 to 2000 Whenever I would invest in a laptop I invest right around 2020 500 That's around what I like to charge for my for my programs apple.com You could go to to get ideas. I've always pulled those like ideas from companies like Apple or the computer industry, you know, what do they charge for a MacBook 1299 That's actually how I even got the pricing for our program is their whole like they let anybody paid 12 months for it things like that. That's almost exactly what our accelerator costs right there. So and then they have look at high ticket programs 7000 This is like where you would start a high ticket between 50 507,000 The way that Apple prices its computers is almost an image of how I'd recommend even pricing your coaching programs. I think I've subconsciously always pulled from that when we price things. So definitely. Anybody else have any other questions here? I'm excited for those who have jumped in our program here. Yeah, yeah, if you're Canadian, that's yeah, the economically the dollar and stuff has shifted quite a bit we actually have a lot of Canadians in our program. The thing is, I'm not I'm not getting 100,000 million more dollars for it. I'm getting the same amount whether you're in Canada it's it's bait is based on what what the exchange rate for our business? You might Cassandra it shows no courses. Did you pay for a VIP? Cassandra. Did you buy a VIP? Did you buy the accelerator? You might have two different email addresses to me,

[709:05] Speaker 1: let me just check here

[712:07] Speaker 1: can you hear me Jeremiah? What? It's Cassandra, can you hear me talking? Yeah. Okay, because I was talking earlier and I didn't get a response. I thought you couldn't hear me. I couldn't hear you earlier. Okay, okay. No problem. Yeah. How you doing?

[716:42] Speaker 0: Good. Are you using that email address?

[717:45] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm sure that's yeah. Yeah, I do have others but this is the email

[719:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: that did enrollment in the in the VIP right here. So

[721:04] Speaker 1: we're showing me

[722:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nope, it's showing that you have an active enrollment in there. And so again if you're not able to see those courses, check that you're logged in and check maybe log out and check that you're actually using that email address so that

[728:25] Speaker 1: okay, well and she's got all right

[729:48] Speaker 0: um, any other questions here? Any other questions? Anyway

[732:25] Speaker 3: All right, it could be possible by Cassandra is saying that she couldn't see any courses it could be possible the VIP for this particular group may not have access yet to some of the courses that you wanted to give us bonus or gift it just a thought. And everyone now they understand me I've been I've been here for a long time so I could have some conversation with Jeremiah like this. Okay.

[739:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, they haven't they do have access to everything anyway.

[740:29] Speaker 3: And by the way, just do I forgot to ask you a question for everyone. No, this is the first time in last 12 months that apparently some wrong link regarding zoom. Yeah, I

[743:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: know we've got we've been so good about it for like that long. So yeah,

[744:49] Speaker 3: absolutely. It's it's like once in a blue moon whatever that means.

[746:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you know my like internal worry and fear dialog is like oh no, this is gonna make me lose credibility with people yada yada yada but like at the same time, I'm like, I not for the right people don't really care. I just have to let it go. Nothing I can do about it now. I'll just have to tell our the gal who does does those emails just to make sure to check that those links are correct and she will so right yeah. I don't worry I'm not gonna like when I say I gotta tell her like I don't rip into or ream our staff either. I'm very much like

[757:36] Speaker 1: you know

[760:46] Speaker 1: going to be kind about it.

[761:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, anybody have any other questions here

[763:15] Speaker 1: on with us live.

[765:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Somebody came on and then logged off let me know any other additional questions here. And we want to go over dive into I'll be here till the top of the hour. I know some of you were trying to get in here to to the q&a

[772:45] Speaker 1: Let me know what questions you have. You have some

[775:24] Speaker 1: anything that we can help you with?

[776:39] Speaker 3: I have good question. How is this microphone? Are you able to hear me? Okay.

[777:57] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's good. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

[779:12] Speaker 3: It's a different one. I'm using today's that's why as

[780:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, I'm always amazed by how many people we have on Ave. Every day. We had what like 25 to 20 people on q&a during the week and like, almost like sometimes we'll have like 15 On the bonus day. Other days will like have nobody on the bonus q&a. Today. Everybody must be be busy out at the lake or something.

[786:44] Speaker 1: Who knows? So

[787:39] Speaker 3: that is definitely an advantage for someone like me, just just hang around just just learn what kind of questions people are asking. The the area always. Also regarding few few months ago, Tik Tok ads were you were talking about they could be tick tock or what was the other platform? They could be they could be more influential than Facebook ads was that tick tock or

[796:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: ah no tick tock so that a lot of that's changed because a lot of the sentiment for specifically the coaching business, a lot of people that are going to get you're going to coach are going to be like over the age of 20 530 and that segment is still shrinking on tick tock quite a bit. I think that eventually I think Twitter ads will, will become as good as Facebook. I know YouTube ads are a good source, but um I don't do anything with YouTube ads personally, either. So Facebook and Instagram ads are still how we laser in on the right people you know?

[808:47] Speaker 3: And not LinkedIn either.

[809:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I'm not using LinkedIn for anything their ads platform is. I've tried to use it a few times, and I can't seem to get like ads launched on it. I can't like I can't. It's funny is like, so he will say like Facebook ads are hard. Like, I think the other ads platforms are 10 times harder to get set up, I can't even get them to show my ad on LinkedIn.

[816:42] Speaker 1: So what's up Janelle?

[817:51] Speaker 2: Jeremiah, can I just get your opinion on? Basically, the niche that I'm passionate about is coaching women, although I do coach some men and teenagers and stuff, but coaching women specifically in the journey. So the peaks, the valleys, that everyone goes through keeping them moving forward into Destiny and convergence. And just people understanding that there is a process to get to where you're going. I'm also passionate about women who are over the age of 50. Also men, but just people who kind of just retire and go, they don't recognize that their whole journey has been preparing them for where God's leading them. That's specifically what I'm passionate about. I guess my one concern is, I'm not as passionate about mentoring, as I am about my niche. Do you know what I mean? So it's always like, find something that you have that someone else wants. But it's a pretty specific niche, do you know what I mean? Like, you're, you're really operating with a lot of people who, you know, would believe that God has a destiny for their life. So that's my one concern is that I know mentoring a lot of is find your niche that someone needs. Mine is I have my niche. I don't know, if I want a mentor and many other things.

[839:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, inside of your niche, you're gonna, what we're saying is, it's gonna get more profitable for you, because there's a wide range of people, let's take health coaching, for example. There's, there's always a certain segment inside of that, that's like, that you're gonna notice and it naturally organically happens like a year or two from now, you'll notice in the online coaching space, that there is a majority of a certain group of people that keep coming to you for coaching and mentoring. And then what you do is you kind of pivot and just focus on that smaller group, that's what's inside your bigger group. And because of that, you'll get more profitable that way by figuring out which offers fit into that. I typed in the chat GPT here, just because like this is how we I, I would research this question right here. Retirement transition, coaching, life journey coaching, Dream realization. Next chapter coaching going to the next level of their life. I know, somebody I know a lot of people, they'll do like, a next level experience for women that are looking for their next level to go to their next chapter. And kind of using that type of language of like, figuring out where they're going on the journey. But here's what you'll want to identify. Is there a common factor as to maybe what they've done leading up to this point, that they might have in common, a common way that they've served people in the past? A common way of thinking? Is there a common frustration that they all have that they all share? Is there a common fear that they might have? Is there maybe even a common shared trauma that might exist? That you're helping them get past that you find? Is there a common dream outcome that they sort of converge into? Like, for instance, would their next step maybe be that they could become a coach themselves to other people, a mentor to other people, you know, in that like, that ends up adjusting the language that you use, and now that brings our ads cost, like we talked about yesterday, you know, the the ads cost will start to dial in more on what's profitable for you at that point, because there's no point in paying 20 times are like five times for the same thing. It's getting a better result to pay less in ads for that because now, like this could be the difference of you're not making any money whereas this is where it's profitable right here, you know?

[880:41] Speaker 2: So sorry, what did you specifically type in? I have never used chat GPT I will start but I take

[882:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you told me, okay men who are retiring don't recognize that their whole journey is where their next step is. Peaks valleys process dream, what would you type this call this type of coaching? Wow. Yeah or I'll maybe add this, I help coach women through. And then what I'm going to actually do is let me see if I can pull up here the transcript of our talk here right now and I can even paste a little bit of what you've just said into this. So this is like another thing that will that we do.

[894:05] Speaker 1: See, here's what you're saying

[901:31] Speaker 1: yeah, that's okay.

[902:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I copied this from the transcript. I'm just trying to find your

[903:53] Speaker 1: status. Because what you were saying at the top of this

[909:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to just paste what you said right there. And let's see if chat GBT based on this type of stuff, Destiny driven coaching life transition and purpose coaching, convergence coaching, spiritual mapping can you use some more common language that maybe people who aren't in the spiritual community might resonate with? Next step life coaching life journey coaching, Horizon coaching. So chat, GBT can give us great ideas as far as like, what we call these things. And then you could say, what are 20 sub niches or types of people that you might coach in this based on the following context? And that's where I'm going to take what I was just describing to you.

[926:18] Speaker 1: here real quick, as an example.

[928:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we're going to have chat GPT retiring professionals, empty nesters, divorcees, recent widows or widowers career changers newly relocated Post Traumatic Growth seekers, entrepreneurs, former athletes, artists, returning students, military personnel, ex cons to like late bloomers, former caregivers. These would be different groups of people that might fall into those women that you're talking about. Wow, it's fascinating ways that you could break apart the idea of life transition and purpose coaching into these different categories or two. Right? You know, let's, yeah, let's just say just as a total example, let's say that we're going to take women, former athletes, yeah, break this down into 20 More ideas that are another layer deep to find a sub niche. So I love asking Chad GBT to brainstorm sub niches inside of like a niche and we see how much like, how intricately specific you could get on any topic. You know?

[947:40] Speaker 2: Yeah. That's fascinating that you chose the athletes because that's another one of my passions. These kids, my son plays hockey at a junior a level and all these kids who don't make it. Yeah, it stated. And so I'm the coaching mom all the time to these boys. So interesting. You chose that one.

[953:16] Speaker 1: Very cool.

[953:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's funny, somebody who I know runs a an organization kind of around something like that makes a lot of money. Have you ever heard of Dave Meltzer? No, not him as a different Dave Meltzer whereas yet, Dave Meltzer Oh, does he go by David Meltzer. Is that what it is David Meltzer? Yep. David Meltzer right here

[959:49] Speaker 2: Okay,

[960:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: he co founded a an organization called athlete network, okay. And it's funny, they actually, were in the office next to our company in Kansas City, they actually took over our office. But that's what they provided was career coaching and mentoring for athletes that like, didn't go to the next level beyond college, right? Find these college athletes and help them go into different roles and companies and stuff. And they would help place them, coach them, mentor them and connect employers with these high performing college athletes that didn't go pro but they still have the drive.

[971:05] Speaker 2: Interesting that I'm going to look up his stuff. That's totally Yeah, one of the places I'm at. So that's really cool.

[973:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like, even right here, sub Nisha that people could have injury related, it could be you know, so like, that's where it's like we have the passion for this is our niche, transition coaching, as you mentioned, but that can sub niche down all the way down to like, any of these levels. And the more specific you get, the better results you'll get from your advertising. Because you're specifying, okay, this is for this type of person who had. So if it's not that type of person, they're not going to click your ad, they're not going to, you know, you're so you can know, just by what you're doing, by getting specific with the copy that the right people are going to show up at the right time.

[984:24] Speaker 2: Right. Okay, super cool. I have one other question for you. And then I'll stop. Like two of the courses that well, I've taken a lot of stuff with Bethel, which one particular course is called the calling journey. But then I also am really passionate about Lance wall now is convergence and all his stuff. Is there a way to use that in chat GPT in writing your courses and pulling from both of those?

[991:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think you I think you could, I think definitely let me see if it knows. Can you can you describe Lance wall now knows.

[995:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Convergence Divergence. Coach? Yeah, I'm familiar with a familiar with both. Yeah. Let's see as of late, see? Yeah, so it is it's breaking down. A little bit about, about understanding who Lance's and some of what the convergence coaching as you might have to take. This is where you could actually take, like a video from YouTube, and then bring the transcript in the chat GPT and have it adjust things based around that. Wow. Okay. Now, Ed asked a question about targeting. You used to use a lot of the targeted choices, what you want to do is you want to train a lookalike audience, around the group of people that you that you're getting, and Facebook uses the copy now and your ad and on your landing page to actually do most of its targeting for you. So they're their robot is reading your sales copy and reading your landing page and then deciding who to show it to based off of that. So they're actually using an AI almost just like their own version of chat, GBT that analyzes the ad and the page. And then that's what sort of decides who to show the ad to more than more than not at this point. That shifted in the last like, couple of years.

[1019:07] Speaker 4: So does that mean that you use their their suggestion where they call that like, audience suggestions, you could pick whether you want to do your own or have Facebook, go out there and do their magic or whatever, which one do you typically use?

[1023:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in the in the beginning, if you don't have an audience, like an email list or leads that have come in or traffic to your website, I will look at the suggested audience. I also you can take your landing page, put it in the chat GPT and ask it what audiences to target off of some of these ideas. Like let's just take the one that we just talked about right here the life transition coaching. So you will start there, but you don't want to stay there. So like, let's say you are a Facebook ads expert. Give me a list of some audiences to target with the detailed targeting or broad targeting on Facebook ads. So this will be like based on the above above information that we that we gave it

[1040:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, this is way too generic, let's see. For the above offer, I should know that but like I'm telling it, it has to be for the above offer. Here we go. So it could be anything from, like for her as if she was targeting those athletes. You could target college sports teams, because you know, they all follow their favorite sports team. Right? Right. So like it would. So that's not necessarily coaching, but you know that the people are in there. And then the copy in your ad is what determines kind of how it lasers in on the right people. But then you'll move away from that when you have enough data to build a look alike audience, and so the look alike audiences based on how many people actually engaged with the offer itself. And then the AI does find people that are similar to those who already engaged with you. So the fact that they engaged with your offer, the AI looks at what do they all have in common and finds more people that are like them. And so in that, it'll notice probably, there's a wide range of different athletes, they have like, different athletic because they look at your connections, they look at all of that. On Facebook for that, let's just say, describe how a lookalike audience works on Facebook. For an audience based on the above, I'm curious to see how chat GPT describes it. Um, so yeah, so it takes a source audience, people that share similarities to an audience, it'll take the source audience and analyzes the characteristics of the people that are in there. And then it finds people that are similar to those same people. And so what that is, is that's going to be way more targeted than any of the targeting, you can select and Facebook, that's going to be way more accurately targeted when you do it that way.

[1073:14] Speaker 4: Have you tried on Jeremiah? Have you tried it for yourself? Where you take care of lookalike audience, and then compare it to running a new?

[1075:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, totally. It's night and day difference in the price, the price of the leads goes down, the price of the the quality of person goes up. I don't, I don't even use anything outside of my lookalike audiences now, okay, for any of our any of our offers and targeting, it's just, you know, in the beginning, that's also sort of where it's like, I guess this is like a third layer as to probably why, like, it's more expensive a little bit to start running your ads, it's why you really got to dial the sales copy. And to bring that, that cost down. Because otherwise, you're just gonna be spending an enormous amount of money. And most people lose money with Facebook ads, because the broad targeting is not as good as the look alike targeting. So once you get the lookalike targeting, built up, the cost just starts going down like crazy. To where it's like went to where it's why it's like, you know, we have those numbers of like 30x our ad spend, when you have the right look alike, audiences dialed in.

[1093:10] Speaker 4: One of the reasons that I'm following you and I'm interested in your work is because I'm more of a extrovert and I want to do workshops. And yeah, most of the people that I see out there teaching are doing what I call, like the list building strategies, where they do a lead ad, and then get them on your email list, and then maybe later, invite him to a workshop. And I just didn't know if you played around with both, in which one you prefer doing more like engagement ads to get them. So I'm

[1101:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: only doing workshops, actually. So I grow my email list with a workshop. Right. And so that's what I do, but they're all free workshops, the ones that I do. But that's the only lead magnet really, that I use to grow my email list. And then I just send people more of those workshops until they either unsubscribe or join our coaching program, which kind of is like it opens up everything access to me to our community to the courses that we have, and and being able to, to get the feedback on your offers to where you get to dial it in with with us, which is cool. So you're on my email list, I'm sure. Yeah, yeah. So like, that's interesting. You know, like, there are people who like

[1115:11] Speaker 1: they,

[1115:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: they unsubscribe from my list. They're not going to see any of what I said, but the people who stay engaged and that's why I just I keep showing up how I am. You know, it's like we get to know each other even though I remember you from like a month and a half ago. No, no, it's like it becomes this sort of, it's more to me about building that connection of relationship, rather than anything else. And that's why I also I say, like, you know, it's a good posture and position to have for me as why like, I'm not, I'm not super pushy about people jumping into my program with me either. And yet, we sell a lot of our program, and the people who are in it, love it. So it's like, it works really well. When you do that. When you do that

[1129:37] Speaker 4: with people. This is something in your program that you would go over though you would break

[1130:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we break down all the nuances of doing

[1131:44] Speaker 4: with the strategies you're using why they're working? Yeah, yeah. Because

[1133:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: we just finished a new Facebook ads course that a lot of people have said they they really liked a lot we just finished a month ago.

[1135:31] Speaker 4: Yeah, from from, like us speak to like, just a customer point of view, you know, like trying to learn this stuff. There's so much information out there. And there's no, you know, run the lead ads do this. I saw somebody else is doing a run an ad to an engagement ad to Facebook Messenger. And then you get flooded by Facebook. And I'm not sure that I want to do that. No, no,

[1141:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't do anything with messenger at all. No, it's my goal is always it starts with. So again, like, I take a step back. I've been in the industry for a long time. I know that you can build a really successful business working five hours a week when you got your systems dialed in. And your clients feel really served at that level. Like, it's actually really a beautiful thing when you get there. My mom has been there for years at that level in her business. We, for me, like I when I started this business, I was working a lot more hours putting stuff together. But that's because I also was like, really in a hurry to hit seven figures. We hit seven figures this year. Now I'm working 10 to 15 hours, I'm working 10 to 15 hours a week in the business. So in my business, I'm not working as much. I'm really I have I have a nine month old and being there with him. Is it a priority to me as he grows up? I didn't have a dad growing up. So

[1162:14] Speaker 4: good. It's good choice.

[1162:32] Speaker 0: That's a priority to me.

[1163:19] Speaker 4: That's great. Yeah.

[1163:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't realize what was motivating me so much to spend time with my son, because I didn't have a dad growing up. That's why I literally I don't know, I haven't put two and two together.

[1167:15] Speaker 4: Thanks for sharing. Thanks for being vulnerable. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's just yeah, I wanted to jump back on because I did yeah, I did. Come on to your workshop couple months ago, but wasn't, wasn't ready at that point. And now, ya know, kind of more serious about it. But I also have had these questions like, oh, gosh, these people are doing all these things. And like, yeah, I just want to send people

[1173:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: to work. Stupid, simple. Yeah. When I send them what,

[1174:25] Speaker 4: I just want to send it, I just want to do workshops. I don't really know the best way to do

[1175:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: things. That's it. Yeah. Yeah, that's the best thing, get them to a workshop and use that to build trust and close sales. Um, because you're, you're sort of you're growing your email list, and you're presenting, and you're building trust, and you're nurturing all at the same time when you do workshops. I think that that's really the key is like, everybody has these like, Okay, you got to do this, this, this and this, whereas I'm like, if I just show up and talk to people, it does all of that. Yeah. Like, I like to talk to people at once. Yeah, me too. Exactly. I love talking to people as well. So that's great.

[1185:39] Speaker 4: Okay, cool. Thanks. Appreciate it.

[1186:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if you saw. Were you a part of the five day event that we did this week?

[1188:03] Speaker 4: Oh, yeah. I've been watching the recordings. Okay, cool.

[1188:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yeah. So we added in a couple of like, free courses that you get to keep just for trying the program out. So Oh, nice. Yeah. Which is awesome. It's kind of like, oh, go back into the Facebook group look. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. All right. That was a great question. I appreciate you being here, which is awesome. Will you send out the link to watch this zoom link? So yeah, it'll be in the are you one of our VIPs. Janelle? Yeah. So it'll be in the VIP members area. The link unfortunately, if whoever's not a VIP, it'll be taken down on Tuesday. The recording of this will be in the VIP area over at the members sites. So all right. All right, I'm gonna log off here. It's funny, I didn't think I was gonna get all teary eyed. But I was just like thinking about that. I'm like, I'm like, I don't know. It's taking me nine months. I'm like, like, why am I so passionate about being there with my son all the time? Well, that

[1204:39] Speaker 4: makes sense. Makes sense? Yeah, for sure. For you,

[1206:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I don't Yeah, I don't say it to like, I feel like I almost comes off like, I'm bragging a little bit like, I'm not I just know, I mean,

[1208:42] Speaker 4: wanting to design our business around our life the way we want him, or else why would we have our own business? You know,

[1210:27] Speaker 0: I mean, that's it.

[1210:50] Speaker 4: Somebody else can be a slave for somebody else. But

[1211:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, that's it. I think that's such a great perspective, right there.

[1212:26] Speaker 1: Is, is that

[1213:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: mentors and coaches and trainers and stuff. We have a passion for impacting people. I have a real I actually, I think it's equal for me the impact that we have and the finances in our business are my two favorite parts about being in business if I wasn't impacting people with this. I don't think I could actually do it. If it wasn't working like the money isn't enough to motivate me, it actually isn't. I can go make this much money doing other things. But I but I do it because of the fulfillment side of it to seeing the impact seeing the results from people.

[1224:05] Speaker 4: Yeah, but I mean, I was addressing the pack. You also get to choose your hours and to you know, you

[1225:38] Speaker 0: got to Yeah, it's great.

[1226:20] Speaker 1: Flexibility.

[1226:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Little guys had us. Okay, well, thanks. Appreciate it. It is helpful because little guys had us up every two hours teething. Some days like I, my wife was like, I need to sleep in today. So she slept until like 11. And I just hung out with him all morning. So which is cool. And then other days if I'm up late working like I'll tell her I say hey, are you able to take the morning and you know, sleeping as well? Or if I just if a new video game comes out? I do. I do I on ashamedly Like playing video games, so anything that doesn't consume the

[1239:50] Speaker 4: gaming stuff in the background?

[1240:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. All right. Hey, thanks, everybody. I know we had a little bit of trouble getting on here live and on the LinkedIn work. It was kind of unfortunate, but have a good weekend. We made it great. So have a good one. And I'll see y'all on Tuesday. If you're in the program we'll see on Monday. It's just you and I Abby All right.

