VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-09-27T22:11:45.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: m3ccscYiOjkft2LH8vcLu9QV3nQ
---

[0:48] Speaker 0: All right

[1:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: along in here, invite link

[4:13] Speaker 0: the lines

[11:04] Speaker 0: All righty. Hello, hello, hello.

[12:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome on over into into the VIP here. Welcome on over. Thanks everybody for being here. That was funny I was on a roll in the main session, I had to come to a pause because I'm like, I can't keep being late, late here. I just I get so like into the content that I it's I would say it's one of those areas that I need to maybe work on and grow in. But I get so immersed in the content that sometimes I miss track a time. So apologize for kind of how long the the main session went. And as far as that goes, but we'll, we'll extend the end of this as far as the questions just like we did the last couple of days. What I want to do here is I want to take what we've been talking about, I want to figure out where you're at with your business, the questions you have maybe where you might be stuck, where you might still have some like things you're unsure about things that might be holding you back, whether it be mindset, technical platforms, nuts and bolts, whatever that kind of stuff is, raise your hand and let's chat about that. Let's kind of go over those together. You can you can also if you want to, you know, feel free to type into the into the chat. There's a chat window here in zoom, as well. All right, let's see a funny story. I have a I had about I had about a month ago. I was I was late on one of these VIPs. And a guy wrote me and said, you know Jeremiah liked your content, but the fact that you were 10 minutes late, I just I just can't tolerate that. And you're not somebody I can trust anymore. So I understand that that's how people see it. You know, how you do one thing is how you do everything. Um, I get that, that maybe he has a standard for life that, you know, people can't become immersed in their information. But so that's why just again, thanks for being patient with me, everybody. Um, all right. Raise your hand if you got any questions. Let me know somebody said they upgraded to chat CBT. Plus, by the way, they're rolling out like this week. Where it'll generate images, meta is rolling out medicine out there even rolling out chatbots and stuff. Image generation, they're going to have this thing where you can upload upload images and analyze your images and stuff inside the chat. GPT. So lots of really cool features being added. Michelle said was the thing at the beginning of the meeting. You mentioned at the beginning of the meeting that we could ask about?

[57:53] Speaker 2: I don't know. No to remember, you're like I wasn't gonna go into that. But you could ask me about that. I'll get into it. Oh,

[59:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: time management time optimization. Yeah, just kind of finding the amount of time that you have. If you have any, like questions about that we could kind of go into that too.

[62:42] Speaker 2: I thought that there was a way that you could condense time on one thing, so that you could create time

[64:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: to time. Yeah, yeah. So for me, I think there's a book that I really love and it kind of touches on this topic. It's called The Big Leap. I don't know how many y'all read The Big Leap by Gay Hendricks. It's one of my favorite books. I probably read it, like 1520 times. Um, and it was a foundational like mindset book for me that I think anybody who has a coach or mentor needs to go through. Basically, it's this whole idea. I love the visual here because it's exactly what the book is about. This fish is literally jumping into a bigger fishbowl. That's what happens when you guys step out into what we're talking about doing here. With your offers and stuff like that. You're literally you're not just stair stepping, you're taking a leap into a kind of a bigger fishbowl. And so this goes over its conquer your hidden fear and take your life to the next level. He uses great examples. One of his clients was Michael Dell of Dell computer and he Just shares, you know, coaching and hidden fears, no, no limit to income potential billionaires have fears that are preventing them from going to the next level, as much so any of us have whatever it is, whether we're procrastinating or we're putting things off, even our time management. So anyways, this book talks about though the fact that time, if we think about it time is something that that I think we, we almost act like it's like we're a slave to time and time is controlling us. And when we can start to realize that, like, we're in control of time in our lives, and if you don't feel like you are, what we got to look at, as why is that who is in control of your time, some of that could literally be teaching that we've been taught our whole life as far as that goes. And so what I look at is, is like, you can create time where there isn't as much time by up by one of the ways is just by calming your internal nervous system. If you can call them your internal nervous system, you can think clearly and faster and make decisions faster. And so if your decision making process takes you a week or two to do, you can shrink that down to a couple of days, and actually make higher quality decisions that way. So that's just one way that there is there's also, I'm kind of like a little bit of a nerd when it comes to the idea of quantum physics and things like that. I don't really talk a whole lot about it too much. But I you know, I believe like, like, time as it is, as we are now, past, present, and future really are, in my perspective, they're kind of actually all one moment happening all at the same time. And so that's, that's an interesting paradigm shift. And perspective is is like, the past is also the same moment and time is now as is the future. And because of that, we can sort of mold things around what we want to do. There's a lot of deeper layers to all that. But I like to look at how can I compress time? How can I take, I'm always thinking, here's a task that I have to do in my business. And I'm always thinking about how can I take less time to produce the same output with the same quality of output. And that's my sort of optimization, if you do that, and like every little area of your business, and even your life now, by the way, okay? Don't take this to the extreme like, this can also ruin relationships, if you try to prescription eyes relationships this way, you know, I like to let relationships breathe and take as much time as they need to. Like I don't do that in like relationship type building spaces, people will end up feel like feeling like the relationships transactional if you started doing that, you know, but like when it comes to like building your business, content creation, doing events like this, things like that, we can figure out ways to optimize our time, more than just a time planner or time management to be able to get more with less time done. And a lot of it starts with just kind of what our perspective is I have a course in our members area, that's going to go go into that. And I'll give you a little bit of a hint. Like I mentioned, there's a free gift that I'm giving everybody on day five, one of those has to do with the time, time optimization is one of those free gifts, which is really cool. So um, all right, Zoe. Zoe, what's up?

[135:37] Speaker 0: Hey, how's it going?

[136:17] Zoe Denison: Good. Good. So, today, now that we're kind of getting in the nitty gritty of our offers, I wanted to run something by you, as I'm having a bit of trouble trying to figure out the scale of my, I guess, you know, tiers of things. So like, what would be a great lead magnet leading into a low ticket leading into a high ticket, because I kind of know, like, my high ticket has three different silos. So it's gonna be like a combination of stress management, behavior change and goal setting, you know, in one bigger, bigger thing, and then I want to drill that down into a medium. And I want to drill that down even further into a, you know, lead magnet, or Oh, and then a lead magnet. So

[151:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you have, do you have at least 50 like 50 people in one of those tiers already know? Okay, so I would start with just one of those two tiers first, okay, and get at least like 50 people into that before launching a secondary tier. Because otherwise your attention becomes really split. This now goes into even when I was saying like time optimization. That's a really fast way to like 5x How long it will take to get everything done. The complexity adds how long things are. So that's why I like to start simple, keep things simple. And what we've always found is, is that the more levels you have that people have to kind of get into, yeah, I like I like our levels, the way that we that we've always looked at it as like they naturally start to materialize. Like, I'm starting to see how, because I don't have a, I don't have a program that's higher than my client growth accelerator program. That's my, that's my main thing. That's all that I push people to, I have one on one coaching that I do with people, but you have to already be part of the accelerator as far as that goes. And honestly, it's like for a small percentage of people that are even really qualified for that. And I don't push the one on one coaching, because I actually believe that we've designed the accelerator to provide more value for 99% of people than even one coaching can be. And so for that, though, I'm starting to see how maybe a higher tier may materialize here in the future. What would that like? What does that what am I looking at, I'm dreaming about this, I was talking with my wife about it. I think that that could be where we might certify coaches on some of our content. And they could make money even promoting and reselling and licensing some of our material, that would be like a higher ticket type of thing is how I'm seeing it because of the the tiers that we go up with that, you know, I've seen, a one way that works with a lot of people don't have a free tier, their middle tier might be a course, that's only like four to eight weeks long. And then their next tier is something that's more of an ongoing thing that people can sign up for. So that's another way to do that. But the less complexity you start off with, especially since you're, you don't have 50, or even 100 people in something, right? Because I would just go free offer, and then the paid one to go into. And something I hadn't even touched on. I'll touch on this tomorrow, that we because this is where a lot of I think everything's kind of coming together on this, like, how do we actually deliver our coaching program? How do we deliver? What platforms do we use for that? What kind of pricing and tiers and all of that. So there's a few ways to do what you're actually going to sell, I like to price it between 500 to $2,000. Because that's priced at the right price point that it's it's, and by the way, I actually think we want to change our perspective that $2,000 for the right person is not expensive, it's actually very cheap. When you provide enough value, right? That's one that's one belief that I would encourage everybody to, to start to even grasp yourself is that $2,000 isn't expensive for the right people. And here's why. Because I've sold stuff at 500 and 1002 1000. And I found that the quality of people, they're not willing to exactly do the work or get the results. And if you bump something up to like a $2,000 level, it really qualifies the right people showing up with you. And you can make really great profit margins for you at a $2,000 level. So it's like per client $2,000 provides this solution, you get 1020 people into that, that's 20 to $40,000. Right there. Okay, so thinking about that now, what do you deliver for that, that can look a number of different ways. Between those. Again, if you don't feel confident selling something for two grand, sell it for 500. If you don't feel confident selling something for 500, and sell it for 200. If you don't feel confident selling something for 200, sell something for 50 bucks, what I want to see you start to do and that sounds counterintuitive to what I just said, it's not and I want to see everybody in here that's on here doing is at least getting sales at some level, even if it's a $7 program, even if it's a $27 program, even if it's a $50 make a couple sales at 50 bucks, and then next time you do it bumped it up to 100. Then next time bump it up to 200. Okay, the only caveat to that, that I'll say is if you're selling something for like 50 to 100 bucks, it's really hard to make the right profit margins when you're running paid advertising, right. And so the reason why I recommend at least 500 is because that actually will put you into the profit zone where you're making a we're making a profit off of those ads and you're not just breaking even, because you got to account for what those paid ads are gonna cost you to get a client at that point and under, under like three $400 It's really hard to produce a profit. Just going straight out there. Those kind of are like our breakeven exposure products. And we might even lose a little bit on those like for instance, I don't make money on the VIP for this. I lose about I lose, what like double the VIP costs is if I'm spending on ads $10,000 across our VIPs that we do for our different webinars will usually make back about 5000 of that about 50% of our ad spend from VIPs. But we're still losing money, just hosting events like this. And so our profit margins come from people that actually then ended up joining our program. And so but we've accounted for that and how we've structured things, how we price it, you can do it to where you're selling a whole year, for 500 bucks or $2,000, you could do it where you're selling six weeks. Amy Porterfield, she's selling a six week

[251:46] Speaker 0: course, for two grant.

[252:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I said like my program, the accelerator is I sell the whole years to grant. So like, there's even more value there. As far as that goes. My mom, she sells her a whole year for I think it's like 1200 bucks for the whole year. But you got to pay 177 If you just want to join for one month. So like she discounted like 50% to join for an entire year. As far as that goes. The term that you use kind of determines like, how long do you want to commit to this type of that program. And I think that's one thing to make a decision of. Because like, if you're like, Okay, I want to just commit for two months, see how this group is get some feedback, and people make profit off of that. What that is, is that's like a siloed. Okay, we got two months, what you're gonna want to have is something next for them after those two months to jump into, eventually, I love having people do a membership style program that's just like an ongoing monthly rate where people join you at a monthly membership. Yeah, issue with monthly memberships as you don't, you're not going to generally scratch the surface of making six figures. So you have about 50 to 100 people. So you can make more money by doing like a two month program, selling that for 1000 or $2,000 Cash Flow things that way. And then transition into maybe a year like a year later, after doing that, that's how I seen a lot of people do is they'll sell like a course with some support and q&a for two months for 1000 bucks. And they'll do a few of those for a year. And then they'll transition all of that into a membership that people can sign up for for like 100 or 200 bucks a month. And that becomes sort of like the progression and evolution of their business. So they're able to cashflow things with a hybrid what we call a micro coaching program. It's two months long, for a two month term of coaching, rather than like this long thing. And then you're only committed for two months with these people. That allows you to go through this process where okay, I might need to pivot my offer in a direction that might be more profitable to optimize it. Now we can pivot it a little bit. And that starts to optimize it and get it a little bit better 99% of the time, when you're pivoting your offer, it's not something completely different. Unless your offers not profiting at all. It's usually something that's just slightly like if we were to turn a dial like five degrees in one direction or the other, we're just turning it like five degrees this way or five degrees that way. And then that becomes the pivot. So you're not like overhauling everything. I think that's one of the misconceptions about this model. It's not really a launch model, because we're selling the same concept. Once you get something really dialed in that people are buying or selling the same thing. But we're optimizing how our messaging is to reach people at the best cost. So that's how that's how we're able to get. So it's like crazy advertising numbers of 36 times our ad spend on the optimize the language, because we're tweaking ever so slightly. Okay, this word right here, this here, but that's more of an that's an ongoing process. It can take even like a year to a year and a half to really dial in. Initially, you might just make two to three times your ad spend, then the next time out you might make four times and then six times and then 10 times and it starts to grow from there. That's generally how I see it going for people as far as that goes. So

[310:48] Zoe Denison: So is there like a prompt because obviously I'm, I'm too broad and I need to simplify things down a bit. Is there a way to like, funnel that down into a simple offer on chat?

[314:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. What I like to do is just really dialogue with chat GPT like I'm talking with a person one of my favorite prompts is this is I'll tell chat JpT you are an expert consultant that helps coaches and mentors in and then I describe my space. Optimize to get the best clients and figure out the best topics, niches and how to dial into the most profitable area for our business. So I tell Chad GBT, that that's how you're going to act. You're gonna basically be my guru who's going to help me optimize and figure out how to niche down. And then I start dialoguing with it, okay, like, here's what I do. Here's the methodology. Here's the people I want to help. And I keep asking, like, Can you find me most profitable niches as far as as far as that goes, if we even like just do that right now, I'll kind of show you how it works. Okay, if we, if we go, let's see custom instructions, you can either put it in custom instructions, just make it the first prompt. You are an expert consultant to online coaches and mentors, who are looking to dial in their niche and find the exact most profitable topics to optimize things around. We want to tweak things five to 10% in the right direction to figure out the best deeper layer to go to find what is more specific as to who we want to serve in our business. Okay, now, can you describe to me what your niches that you're doing right now?

[339:50] Zoe Denison: I'm a lifestyle wellness coach. So I work with stress management, goal setting and habit change.

[341:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay? So what we're starting out with is that we are a lifestyle management coach who helps people with goal setting,

[344:00] Speaker 0: time management,

[344:24] Zoe Denison: stress management, and stress management, behavior change, and behavior change.

[345:38] Speaker 0: Not time management.

[346:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's funny, I'm just I'm talking to it. It'll it'll, it's following this train of thought right here. And it'll it'll figure itself out. What I love about chat CBT is you don't have to be perfect with like what you tell it to do. I understand you're seeking advice on how to refine your niche. Let's break down she mentioned goal setting stress management behavior change. Okay, given the area of expertise, potential niches to consider as you could dial in just for entrepreneurs, or in corporate working professionals, transition coaching, market demand research to see which pieces have a higher demand. It could be in a specific industry to help with stress management for professionals. For instance, one I'll tell you, you could do real estate industry stress management, for people that you know, the real estate industry was booming now and maybe you're struggling to get clients, how can you optimize that you still operate at your best potential, deal with your stress, make more money in your in your what you do? So the idea is taking that and kind of getting more specific around that let's even Let's even say what are 100 more broader niches that niches that use these methods. And we could go in and just kind of dialogue with chat GPT. And what I would encourage you to do is like, start to like, back and forth even like, I like I like to get into even like arguments with chat, GBT. I started like you're saying now that's not like all that like? Oh, yeah, totally. So these are all like different types of coaching niches right here that literally could all benefit from this. And then you kind of dialing in us, like, who's the type of person you want to work with? That's one thing to think about what niche, right. It's about who you want to work with. I know you grabbed the VIP for the training I did the other week as well. There's a bundle in there all on finding your niche. And I really take some time and break a lot of this down and some of those finding your niche trainings, I think you'll like those.

[383:44] Zoe Denison: Okay, cool. Yeah, I'm ready to dive in. I mean, my full focus was on this this week. So yeah, began to look through those.

[385:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: GBT is super valuable as far as like, really dialing this in figuring out like, Hey, how can I take my skill set and start to focus this The other aspect of it I didn't even touch on when you can get some feedback from people. Like they're telling you, what am I struggling with? What are my goals? And you start to craft your offer on those goals that those people have? You bring that into chat GPT. And it it starts taking the words that they've said, and it will identify in its algorithm, how to actually target more people like those people, based on the exact words that they say, Oh, that's great. That's why in the Facebook group that we have, I have those questions when you join what are you struggling with? What would you like to learn all of that? Because I have those in a document that I'm be able to go through and really research this. The other thing is, is these VIP recordings right here, like that we're doing right now are also super valuable because I'm able to go through and actually have chat GPT. I had it after after last night session I looked at right here. Hey, these are the questions that were asked yesterday. These are the topics that were discussed. These were main problems and frustrations that people had. This was all from our VIP that we had yesterday. Oh, wow. GBT analyze these different questions. And then the weather underneath the surface issues they might be dealing with. So like struggling with competence and expertise, impostor syndrome, fear of technology, not sure how to scale up moving away from a one on one model, potential conflict of interest. All of this, like, I'm able to take these types of questions that are being asked in here. And I'm able to sort of analyze even, okay, if I find a pattern that shows me how to really serve my audience really well, overall, and improve my coaching, mentoring, and how to help people. So that's great.

[419:59] Zoe Denison: Perfect. Thank you. That's a perfect step for me. So I'll deep dive into anything.

[421:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Janelle, Janelle asked a question. I let me get some clarity from you. If I can, Janelle. Um, he said, Can I use a website instead of a landing page? What does that mean?

[425:12] Speaker 4: Can you hear me? Yes. Okay, sorry, I couldn't get my camera to work on my phone. So a little bit about me. So I owned a hair salon for 24 years. I sold it five years ago. And right in the midst of that, I kind of started my own coaching program. So I actually had a website built by a friend. And I did a thing through COVID For like, 15. Ladies, I ran them through two different courses. And so now I've been running a camp the last four years, but my heart is in mentorship and coaching. So I'm trying to get this going. So I have the I have the website. And, and I'm not techie at all. So I do have people around me who are kind of techie. So I'm just wondering, is it possible when you do let's say something on your Facebook, let's say you do a Facebook? You know, video where you're promoting doing like a live

[439:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: mind if I pull your website here on the screen? I?

[440:43] Speaker 4: Yeah, no, go ahead. Are you on? Yes. So it's

[442:15] Speaker 0: okay. Right here? Yep. Okay,

[443:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. So here's the thing is, yes. A landing page is just a page on a website. That's it. Okay, you just create a, you just create a new like this page right here. This is the landing page right here.

[447:25] Speaker 0: Even.

[447:53] Speaker 4: Right, so I've now lost you. I can't see you anywhere on my phone. But I'm taking your word for it. So.

[449:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, if I look at the pages on your website, each one of those pages is essentially a landing page.

[451:08] Speaker 0: Okay. On your website? Yeah. Right. Okay, fractured to

[452:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: a well crafted page that converts well, for people better than just information. And so that's what we're breaking down here.

[455:02] Speaker 4: All right. So essentially, just in simple terms, it would be just having a link, a link would just go to my, my website, and I would have on the website, all the information that I would have on a landing page.

[460:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I wouldn't send them just to your website, like the homepage, I would say to this specific link that talks about what the offer is that you're putting out there. So like, if you're having them register for a, an upcoming training class, whether it be $49, or it's free. You want to send people to that page, and that page is where it's going to kind of answer their questions. It's going to have the different testimonies, it's going to have the sales copy that we generate with with chat GPT. For this, the issue is if you just send people to your website, you're relying on them finding the pages for themselves and 99% of people are not going to so you got to send them to the exact page that gives them the most pertinent information. People are really impatient. And they want specifics as quickly as possible. So knowing that we want to create a page on our website that has that information, and that becomes our as we call it, landing page.

[477:38] Speaker 4: All right, thank you so much. I hope to be in person tomorrow, but thank you for the course. Really enjoyed it's been awesome. Thank you.

[479:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, awesome. Um, yeah, no, these questions are great. I hadn't even thought about kind of how Janelle had asked that question. So that's really like that helps me understand. Understand. I've been in the online space for 20 years. There's, I've actually Oh, no, I've been in the online space longer than that I made my first website when I was like eight years old. And so like, sometimes I am unaware as to how most people sort of see the internet, and marketing and online. And so it helps me just to like, understand, like how Janelle described it. Because that's probably might be, you know, an area that I could get better at. walking people through this process is real. Simply, I recommend keeping things as simple as possible. I like your website that you have. Janelle, I think it's, it is simple, you would just add one additional page to it, that would be your landing page that you send people to see.

[496:35] Speaker 4: All right, thank you so much. Yeah.

[497:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yvonne, Yvonne Jones, how are you?

[498:35] Speaker 5: I'm doing great. Thanks. I have two minutes ago, you showed the page where you took different comments or questions from that were asked before and you analyze use chat GPT to analyze them. What's your goal? What's the objective of doing that is to create a new product or to determine what you're going to be offering next.

[505:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: That could be part of it, that's more long term, I'll do that like this next month, I'm going to go through probably the last three, four months of our different calls. And I'll analyze them all together, kind of create some data analysis structures, find what patterns what most commonly asked questions are, that's one side of it. I analyzed it yesterday, immediately, just so that I could create a list of what are kind of the most pertinent topics that this group here is wanting information on. And so what it isn't, I have like a rough draft of like what I talked about today in the main session. But I'm I'm tweaking and adjusting what I'm teaching based off of these questions that are coming in from the VIP here. So I'm actually I'm, I'm making the content each day, more relevant to everybody who's here, based off of off of those questions. And I'll tell you this, I learned something every single month. You think, like one of the worst positions that I think a mentor and coach can get into is to assume they know everything about the people they serve. And I think that I've always had this perspective of like human beings are so there's so many layers to people. And I think like, that's amazing. And I love that. And that excites me as that. Like I have a childlike curiosity, almost like I'm going on a treasure hunt to like, figure out more as to what people want to learn what they're struggling with, and how I can better serve my audience, then for me, the way that like my brain works is I start to recognize patterns. And then those patterns start materializing into the content that I put out into how I teach the content. Like a great example of it as I like I loved Chanel's question. I even love your question, Javon, because I've never been asked either of those two questions this way before. So like, this tells me, okay, that's something that people actually are curious about. They want to know how you can benefit from this. If I look at as well, I'm also doing data analysis. Big picture, I'm comparing the questions that come in, in my paid program, to the questions that come in, in the the VIP here to the questions that come in on the free training. And when people join the training, and I'm going to I'm noticing the differences. So there's a difference between who's free but didn't upgraded the VIP the questions they ask versus who's a VIP versus who is in our program. And I correlate all of those together. So it's kind of like this big picture. The best way I could describe it, the signal analysis is really the technical term for it. If we look at Signal Analysis is something that the government and the CIA does, where they're listening to like radio chatter and things like that, but they're finding patterns that pop up. I'm sort of like doing that like a mad scientist all the time with the questions that come in, and that helps me I'm analyzing all the different questions and stuff. And that helps me better serve people overall, that helps me explain my self better things like that. So like, it might take me five minutes to explain something. Now, the more often I hear the question from somebody, I'll get better at explaining it quicker. And then it'll start to resonate with people faster. One of the things that can help us be a better coach and mentor is learning to use less words to describe our topics, learning to not take so long to break down a concept, learning how to use less simpler words as possible, to be able to communicate to our audience. And so that's what I'm doing with the with the, with the content? I hope that makes sense.

[573:42] Speaker 5: Yes, it does. And it's very helpful, because it's also telling me that I can use questions that I may ask within my Facebook group or somewhere, and I can pull these together and see what's really, you know, what's the what's that? What are the main things that people are interested in learning about? So thank you for explaining that. Yeah.

[578:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And another tool that I really love for doing this is called Cloud AI. Mike, our Amazon just invested $4 billion into their platform, they allow you to do about 75,000 words per prompt. So I could paste like an entire two hour transcript in the cloud that AI and it'll analyze it for free and pull all those different points for me, which is really cool. I use a paid version that's a little bit better than that over at a site called hoe.com. I use the GPT 430 2k engine right here. co.com cost me about 20 bucks a month to be able to use. But I really like using this. So the idea is I'll take the transcript, that transcript is generated by a site called otter.ai. So otter AI is actually giving us a transcript of any of the sessions that we're doing, right, here's like, this will be yesterday's q&a session, I have the transcript right here. And then I can copy this into the AI and have it hold the pertinent elements that I need. So I don't have to read through the whole transcript. I just asked the AI Hey, can you make me a list of the questions that were asked? What are some of the topics? What are some of the maybe struggles that these people are having? What are some of the underneath the surface issues that we might need to deal with things like that, and then I'll analyze all of that in there, I have a prompt in my prompts document that I actually use for this. So if you go to the prompt document, it's under limits, either under ideas and personal development, or to do and troubleshoot. There's a whole bunch of other prompts like further down in this document that do some really fun things. I believe it's this one right here, planning for coaching session analyzed transcript. So I tell it, can you take the following transcript and break down all the questions that are asked? Let's each question all the topics discussed, the main problems and frustrations that people are asking. And then what are some underneath the surface issues they might be dealing with that they might be embarrassed to tell or talk about? Please take and I tell chatting, we tend to guess at some of these ideas. And that gives me some really great like, feedback. As far as that goes, I also will use this. What are 10 topics I could give a talk around. That's how I come up with what I have talked about in my trainings and webinars. What's the description of who I'm talking to their worries and fears? First off, how does Chad GBT know that there's those worries and fears, because it's been able to analyze so much about the way that people talk, communicate the way people string sentences together. The AI is actually really intelligent at reading between the lines of the way that people talk, and identifying what's beneath the surface for some of those emotions. It's very accurate. And so this gives me ideas as to how to be a better, better leader at scale to our group. You know, you're just even answering this right now. You're giving me an idea for I think, a course that I might be making by the end of the year as part of our program, to kind of how to use AI to analyze and be a better coach.

[630:45] Speaker 0: So all right. Thank you. That was very helpful.

[632:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. If I'm using po do I still use Chad's? GPT? paid version? Yeah, I still use the chat GPT paid version of a, I only use po for the GPT for 32k. Because that gives me the 32,000 context window as far as that goes, and it's about a 80% discount from paying for it through the API, if I do that. So how do I how do I calculate that? 80% Discount it's 20 bucks to get 50 prompts that you can use. If I was paying for that many prompts, it would it would cost me almost four times as much using the API for that many characters, so, but I still use chat GBT because they give you 50 They give you 50 prompts that you can do every three hours. So chat GBT, and especially the iPhone app. I'm telling you, I open this app on my phone constantly. And I just talked to it, and I just dialogue with the AI. So it's like, it's like a it's like having this this assistant next to me that I can get questions answered. And for me, it's helped me be a better coach, a better leader. You know, I was asking it, you know, how do I approach a sensitive situation? With my wife? I was asking Chad GBT, how I would I would approach that in a certain certain topic. What's cool is my wife thinks it's awesome. Because she tells me I'm I'm helps her understand my brain a little bit better. Sometimes I can, like be really confusing to people. I found as a as a teacher, I can ramble on and I can talk about stuff if you hadn't noticed yet. So the AI helps me get succinct with some of my own thoughts and stuff, too. It's cool. All right. Any other questions here today? Raise your hand. Let me know. You could also raise it on camera. If you gotta if you got a question here.

[663:55] Speaker 0: Francoise, what's up, Francoise?

[665:05] Speaker 6: Hey, Jeremiah. Good to see you. Good to see you too. Awesome. Awesome. So um, I've been working on just I mean, since I got you. And we're in the group, I wanted a little bit of critique. Done. I'm working on my about me. It's a lot easier to just be on video for me. I do a lot of that on Instagram and Facebook. Talking to my tribe here. Yeah. Getting it in writing and reading. It's a little different for me. Okay, because I overanalyze when I'm when I'm looking at things, and I'm reading it, you know, I kind of Gotcha. Yeah. So it's a lot easier to just kind of flow and be myself and be genuine. Yeah. So. So one of the about me's and I actually had chat with GPC to kind of fine tune it a little bit. And I wanted your opinion on it. This is a good way to start with an about me. So it says, Hi, my name is Francoise. I'm a dedicated peer mentor on a mission to help individuals overcome health related adversity and put an end to their needless suffering. Together, we navigate the challenges, uncover practical solutions, and work towards a brighter, more comfortable future. And that's basically what I have for my about me, because I don't know if I'm saying enough to give them a clear message. I did say I'm a mentor. And

[689:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I'm going to do one thing that I like to do a little like, thing with chat GPT that I'll do I use in GPT for

[692:26] Speaker 6: yes, yeah, I did the purchase version. Yeah.

[693:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: The is, as tell it, hey, could you rewrite this in a more conversational tone? And sometimes I might do, can you rewrite this in a more conversational, informal tone, all about that as it comes across in a sound way more human that way. So So that's, that's something that I like to do is that and what I'll do is I'll describe something into my phone into the app, or I'll describe it, I'll tuck it in the computer. And I'll tell it to kind of rewrite it in a way that's easier to understand, gets more engagement. Another thing that you can do is exactly like a great way to use chat GPT. You know, it's funny, like I tell people this it's I want to see everybody using it via chat GPT power user, the same way that you like, approached me, and we're like, hey, what do you think about this about me and all that? You can literally ask Chad GBT, hey, I want you to now act as an expert in this niche. You're a consultant. I'm reading this and creating sales copy, can you critique this and give me ways to help it be more engaging or improve it? And that will literally then go ahead? And it's kind of funny, because like, you would think well, why didn't it just do that in the first place? That's the limitations of the technology is it's not that smart. You got to sort of it has what's called chain of thought, where you chain these different thoughts together, one after another after another. So I'll have it generate something and then I'll tell it to try to improve it. And it's improved version is better than the first one it gave me. Yeah, which is cool. So I'll go through like I just wrote a couple of emails this morning. And I had it like, I hadn't improved the email like five times before. I really liked what it was making. But each time it improved, it got a little bit better in one area or another, which is really cool. So gotcha. I like I like what you said in there, I think some of the words are a little. They sound a little bit more like missing some heart like, like stiff professional, right? Yeah, like a little bit over the heart to it like, so that's the thing. Let's let's talk about that. So this is an important topic, you know, AI isn't to remove the heart is to, I see it as a way to amplify the heart that we have. That's what I that's what I'm using it for, is because it can because here's the thing, if you're just using the AI as outputs, it kind of removes that human heart element. So what I that's why I like to use even my own, like, I'll talk into it, how I would describe something, when, and then I'll even sometimes tell it, I'll say, Hey, can you rewrite this, but use the tone of my original text. So it actually mirrors my tone that way, which is cool. So keeping the heart in AI is a is a big thing, especially when it comes to mentoring and coaching. Because the heart aspect is really the only reason why people work with you versus somebody else. And so if we remove that now we've almost removed a lot of why people would want to engage with us, there's ways to add that heart element back into it, the the chain of prompting for the sales letter that that we went through today. And yesterday, those steps, helps at least put that back into the sales copy. I put together there's two courses in our in our members area in the accelerator to all about chat GPT. And making sure to kind of take a little bit of extra time to get it to, to have that hard aspect in it. And what you'll find is you'll start to get really like you are it's sort of like a junior writer, and you're critiquing its writing. And, and, and what I wait for is like, I want to see the AI really, I want to be able to feel the text that I'm reading, I don't want to just be words on a page, I want to be able to feel it inside of me when I'm reading it. And that's something as well to develop as the intuition. And the instinct to be able to read sales copy, like read the text that the AI produces and be like, Okay, that's gonna hit people really well. versus maybe this is not. And that's something I think that anybody can grow and especially like, if you love people is growing in that skill than that area. So I know you had mentioned like, did you say that? Like reading his heart is it's harder for you to read stuff?

[769:40] Speaker 6: Writing? Yeah, I'm writing it down, because then I'll get over analytical. Yeah. Thank you for me. Yeah.

[771:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So yeah, we definitely don't want to overthink it. One thing that I look at is like, there's no when you're using chat, GBT, it's such a sandbox of like, just nothing set in stone in there. So that's kind of cool. And if you don't like what it produced, there's this little button that says regenerate, and it'll actually, it'll retry to answer your question. And it'll be different. It'll be slightly different. And so like, it might be better. So I'm always given. One way that I love using chat GPT, like a power strategy is I'll give it a prompt. And I'll have it generate five to six versions of my one prompt. And then I'll take all six of those versions. And I'll tell it, combine all of these into the best final output. And it actually does really well at doing that. So those are, those are ways that I use chat CPT to really make things better quality.

[786:08] Speaker 0: Okay, cool. Thank you.

[787:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. We got we got still got about 10 more minutes here. So anybody else got any other questions? Raise your hand. One thing that I I'll touch on a little bit tomorrow is when it comes to like delivering your coaching or courses or things like that. I use a platform called thinkific.com. And think if ik.com is where people can log in, they can access the trainings. It manages your membership access and manages that auto creates like payment pages and things like that. So I use it myself. For all of our classes that we have, they're all here in In Thinkific, in my student dashboard here, and so like here is one of our courses. All of our classes, by the way we have I have the AI that generates a summary, and I have the transcript that you get, which is cool. So if you can read faster than you can watch a video. This is like this is all about my process for hiring. This is in here. This is how people how you can access the different content, faster, favorite ways. Hiring. It's all like I'm breaking down, like how do you hire people, whether it be overseas, whether it be in the US, things like that different workflows, ways of using chat TV to do that. So like, this is our members area site that's built in, in Thinkific. That that all of the classes that I've created and stuff they live in all of the recorded content lives in here. And I like it, because I can build my landing page over at my website over Jeremiah krakowski.com. Over here, build my landing pages, but then I can I have people go over here because Squarespace doesn't have as organized, it's not as organized as think if it is. But think if it's landing page builder really sucks. So that's why I use the two platforms. Most I've not found really one that does one as good as the other. Maybe there's a few that are out there. But I use think effect to have all my class content, all of these different lessons. In here, so like, this is one on follow up all of that. And then it creates links for me that I can use, I can put on my landing page. When people want to sign up when they want to register. It creates links that people can use to then register and actually join the program. And we want to sell it that way. So I'll go over a little bit of that as well. Tomorrow if you guys want me to go over a little bit about the time management stuff.

[836:38] Speaker 6: Yeah, let me see. It looks like somebody.

[837:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Somebody raised their hand. Llama. What's up llama?

[838:49] Speaker 7: Joe Java. Yeah. So just a quick question. Actually three questions. I was just thinking, what do you use for Event Management, or any tools you use for Event Management and as you're doing like these challenges and different events, lives and things like that? Oh, yeah.

[843:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I'm just using MailChimp and and I just use the Facebook group or an zum zum calls. So I keep it real simple. We're just emailing links to people to jump into a Facebook group or go on a zoom call. Alright, yeah. Okay, okay.

[849:36] Speaker 7: And so so

[850:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: your camera froze. I didn't know if it was a photo or if it was a video.

[851:44] Speaker 7: I might be connected might be my connection. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Do you do you use anything for a CRM any CRM tool that you use? Or is there any automation tools that you use for getting things done faster? Are you just kind of keep things kind of simple.

[856:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I keep things simple, we use MailChimp and Zapier. The like think if ik also has kind of like, if you're talking about like member management, it gives access to people to the trainings but no, I'm not using like a necessarily a CRM or anything complex like that. Um, weirdly enough, like we haven't, in any of the mentorship businesses that we built, maybe that's a downfall that we might have. We've just gotten really good at selling without like needing to use those tools as much. And so sure, you could add that to it, I found it always to be sort of a layer of complexity that I never needed to add, I might add later in the future. A CRM benefits I think more if you have a sales team that's doing outbound calls for you. If it's just you, and like a few people building funnels and stuff, I would say I mean, part of my CRM is a lot of it's up here, for me. Is that the best way to do it? Probably not. But it's it's worked, at least for a lot of the clients that we've worked with, it's just what I love is everything for me flows out of what I know about the people that I work with. And and so it's like it's a part of me rather than just being something that I that I'm doing and that's why I'm really passionate about it as far as that goes. That's way, I think to really make like 50 to $100,000 a month in mentoring and coaching. Um, it really does at least during that time, like you got to really like, be all about it. As far as that goes to. Um, let me see. Yeah, yeah. Nancy said, How about Kajabi? Kajabi is great. I love Kajabi. Since it's also the most expensive platform, but Kajabi is great. Deborah said that her hand is hiding from her. Okay. What's up, Deborah, how are you? Ah, where do you see the most benefit as far as selling a course? Or a combo of both? I like interactive spaces, but know that many people can't make it live and of watching the replay. Are there any tips on getting more people into the live space? Yes. Okay. So

[894:27] Speaker 0: with that,

[894:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I guess it's a couple of different questions that were asking. Um, can you explain a little bit more about like, what you mean by that, Deborah?

[897:35] Speaker 8: Um, well, I like being in Live Spaces. But I know, like, for instance, in this group, I think there's 93 people or something. And, you know, typically, you know, like you said, By day three, you've lost a chunk of people. You know, day two, I don't remember what was how many were on yesterday. But today, I think there were like, 2327, something like that. Do you see

[904:12] Speaker 0: that people who

[904:31] Speaker 8: sign up actually go back and rewatch the videos? And do you get Do you see benefit from that? Or when you're looking at your numbers? Do you really just look at who's actually attending the lives? Yeah,

[907:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I look at, I look at both and look at how many are going back and watching the recording. You know, I did one webinar a month ago, nobody showed up live and nobody wants to recording and I was like, Okay, well, that was the dumbest thing I've ever launched. No, I love that you. Let's not use that. That's not used again.

[913:19] Speaker 8: And that's probably one of all of our fears is we're gonna go live and nobody's gonna be there. Yeah.

[914:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Listen, it happened to me a month ago. It happens. And the only reason why is it's just I think that the topic was too generic that I was teaching on. It was to, like, well, the topic of the webinar was getting more mentorship clients with AI. That was the topic. And I think it was like so generic that I think it was like, it didn't resonate with anybody. So that's why like, I'll, that's why I'll do like running Facebook ads or doing webinars, and I'll get way more people that show up when I'm more specific as far as that goes. So that's one side of it, like getting people to show up live, the more specific the actual topic is, the better chance that they're going to show up. as well. You want to have a very consistent number of almost to like the might seem annoying follow up emails that you're going to send to people to remind them about the sessions. That's a huge factor we've literally seen, because I had I had one one client of mine, he he did everything right. But he didn't want to bombard people with these follow up emails, and nobody showed up to his webinar. And so he tried the exact same one with follow up emails, and it was packed full of people. So it was like literally just it's like a massive difference in just reminding people what they signed up for. I also have found I use a little tool again, it's it's not free. It's it's paid but there's ways of doing this that you that don't cost you money, you can just like tell people to do this or have a link to a Google Calendar link. That's one free way to do it. But I use this little tool called Add Event. And so whenever they sign up this little pop up to add it to their calendar shows up. And I found that not everybody adds it but I had I had almost a 30% increase in people showing up just by adding this little Add to Calendar button to all of my sessions that I was doing so like little ways to help people remind themselves of what they signed up for make a commitment. I'll even say I even say that on the welcome video I'm like you know you get what you make a priority. Go add this to your calendar, make sure to show up make sure to make the time to be here. I actually say that on the thank you page when people register where did I get that language from? Well, I signed up for one of Tony Robbins events and he literally said that on the thank you page so I'm like alright if it's good enough for Tony Robbins is good enough for me. Yeah, yeah, that's the thing too is I go through like other people's events and webinars and I'm like looking at little nuances that they're doing and I noticed Oh, wow, okay, all the like, because Tony Robbins he'll have like 100,000 people on a zoom call with them. Alright, In like, incredible, like, okay, he's doing something right. He's making billions mentoring people. I mean, that's literally he's like the He's the king of it. I think that whether we like his content or not, he knows how to sell and market well. And so. So what can I learn from that and apply maybe one little piece to my business, it was adding that little calendar link and telling people add it, and I saw a big increase in people showing up just by doing that. So I was like, wow, that simple thing right there, you know, had such a major impact. That's a simple lever that you can adjust and pull. And it had a lot of impacts. So that's one side of it, getting people to show up. The other side is Yeah, people might watch the recording, I send the recording out as a reminder email. But at the end of the day, there's also people who sign up for stuff and never consume it. What I say for that, as we just got to kind of let those people go. And I focus on who does show up, the ones who like they sign up and don't do anything. I don't focus too hard. I used to focus really hard on like, how can I get more of them to show up? I focus now more on what are the ones who are really here? What are they wanting to learn more of, and finding more of those people. Now, if you've got nobody showing up, there's another side of that. That just means something very simply what you were promoting wasn't interesting enough for people to make the time to listen to you. Okay? Don't take that personally. That's just that happens. So we got to figure that's where Okay, let's adjust the topic make it something that's actually interesting enough for people to make the time to show up. You know, I make I make the time on Sunday to watch football, I love football. The Kansas City Chiefs fan have been for the last 10 years way before they were even winning way before Taylor Swift showed up. It's like, but I make the time to do that. Like my wife and I we figured out okay, she knows I'm going to I'm going to spend time where I'm gonna watch the baby I got the game on over here, I make the time to do that. People make the time for what's important to them. So what we want to figure out for our offer is I respect it the same way of any event is okay, if people are making the time to show up to listen to me to engage. That means that there was something of value that they wanted to learn and if if what I'm offering just is too generic not interesting enough, I'm not describing it in a way this is why the sales copy is so important, because that's what really describes to people that that thing that they're going to get when they show up and listen to you it's got to be valuable enough for them to make the time to actually watch it and oh, here's a here's a great example of this with with Rick Pitino we were doing the worship coach. His worship coach business, we helped him scale that to a million dollars a month. We ran an offer that was called Get your worship music heard ton of people showed up. He made like 100 grand on a 10 grand ad budget. That was awesome. It was like this is a winner. We did it the next month beat those numbers did even better than that. Okay, we got a winner here. We're making like seven figure monthly revenue six figure monthly revenues in a weekend off of one campaign one topic was so we decided to go wider we did get your Christian music heard.

[1020:37] Speaker 0: Nobody showed up.

[1021:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: literally nobody showed up to listen to it. We he lost a bunch of money on his ads. Because of that, that one word. And so we realized is like getting more specific to like the worship genre versus just all Christian music literally was the catalyst to decide for people to make the time to actually show up versus nobody even being there to listen to it. And it's like that one nuance seems so irrelevant on the surface. But it was like it was the difference maker between making 100 grand or losing 40,000. So now that can that can make you don't get scared because of that. That can make you scared oh my gosh, I don't want to lose all this money. That's why you start out you test a budget of like two to 300 bucks with Facebook ads and see what kind of response you get. And then that's why we start optimizing and dialing all that in. We from what we had learned from that we then optimize that campaign. And we got we dove deeper into not just people who want to get their worship music heard people that want to go we actually have a lady who was in there. I just saw But today she's up for a as a CMA award, who is in the program with us with with Rick's people. And, and that was the hook that we ended up selling like we will work with you to win an award with your music. And we actually had people from Maverick city that were in there working with people and helping them from elevation worship and all of this, helping people get to that level, which was, which was cool. And so that was part of the hook. As we wanted to find people that they had saved, they were already songwriters, not just people who want to learn how to write songs, because those are two very different types of people, the ones who already were songwriters and wanted to go to the next level, and that became the most profitable kind of niche as far as that goes. So figuring out like, we had ran campaigns for people that wanted to write songs initially. That did okay, but it started to fizzle out once we went towards people who already wrote songs. But were struggling to gain traction with their songs. That was an exponential financial increase overall. So all right. Awesome. Annie. Long. She just lowered her hand, but she had her hand raised. Was I talking too long?

[1060:48] Speaker 0: Annie, are you there? Still? Yes. I'm almost need to leave. Can you hear me clearly? Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah, I just want to know, do you suggest to use Facebook ad to attract people to go to your Facebook group?

[1066:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we use Facebook ads as the as the best way to get people there. By having an offer, that you're going to run an ad to get people to sign up for the offer. That's, that's the best way to do that. We're going to be diving into that tomorrow in the main training.

[1070:56] Speaker 0: So you still will budget like, three 300 to $500. To do that, to start

[1072:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: to test it out. And the goal is for you to make way more than that, after that you spend 500 bucks, you make five to 10,000 off of that. And then you take that, and then you're able to pour that back into, you can easily spend 500 and make 10,000. With Facebook ads, you can also spend 500 and make zero. Like that's also part of it. So that's why you got to dialing in the copy and the words that are in the ad. That's what determines with the Facebook ad, what we went over the last two days about the sales copy. That's why I'm so focused in on the messaging because that's what decides who the ads actually show the ad to and the algorithm.

[1084:10] Speaker 0: Okay, all right. Okay. Thank you

[1084:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we'll be going over that some more tomorrow for sure.

[1086:06] Speaker 0: All right. Yep. blamo, what's up?

[1088:31] Speaker 7: Yeah, just another question. I'm just thinking because you're a big copy guy. Do you have a system that you use for, you know, color for your swipe file? Do you have a flat file? How do you

[1090:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, for a file. I haven't talked about my swipe file yet. So I am a big proponent of a swipe file. I have an email swipe file, which is basically an email account that I sign up for every single offer list I can find on. And so I just get sent auto responder emails constantly to that account. And then what's cool is with chat GPT I can actually take my offer and have it rewrite some of the best emails. And then they're in my words of what my offer is, but they're written really well from the swipe file. That's a really cool prompt that you can use in chat GBT as you say, rewrite the following as a template based on the topic above, and it will literally take one thing and rewrite it for the other. It's like magic almost. It's the weirdest coolest chat GBT function that I think most people don't realize. Let me just let me just pull up an example that's I'm gonna pull up and pull up one email right here. I just randomly Rob email marketing heroes, they got their deadline funnel offer thing. Here's one of their emails right here. Okay, I'm gonna copy this email. I haven't even read the email. I don't even know what it's about. But we're gonna go right here, we're gonna say, write me a sales letter for coaching for people who have dog walking businesses who want to get more dog walking clients. Okay, so that's gonna write, you know, dear dog walking entrepreneurs do you struggle to fill your client roster? So we're kind of like, I'm just throwing this in here just to give it a topic to start off with. Okay, so now this email right here. It's all about Z my parents now store neighbors were renovating, I don't go see them often, I should say. So he's telling a story, which by the way, is a great way to read an email. And then he's breaking down that they host these live calls at the bottom here. This is how I like to write a lot of my emails to where you have like a story. And then you kind of break down and you go to the bottom, and you share different types of offers, you know. So there's this, let's just take this email. And I'm going to say this, rewrite the following email based on the context and content of the above, but use the email below as a template for the structure and tone of what to send. And then sometimes I'll even do this, I'll put it in brackets, template, and then template. Not always necessary, but it helps block it that way. So now here's the email that I just copied, and it's going to take this dog walking business idea, and it's going to rewrite that email around that my friend recently adopted a puppy and I don't go see her that often. There's usually month gaps in our ketchup, every time we meet up, it seems like the pups master new trick. Like when you see, it's truly magical, sometimes we're in gross, our daily grind, we lose sight of the opportunities and the growth right in front of us. That's why when you need a fresh set of eyes on things, you need a different angle we're hosting live calls the ultimate dog business walking program precisely that tune into the dog walkers business podcast engage with art. So it's like it literally took their email, and then rewrote it for dogwalk. And it also does the same thing for sales letters. So if you've got a swipe file of sales letters and landing page copy, it does the same thing. Here's how I use a swipe file for landing page copy. Especially because I'm in a new industry where there's a lot of competitors with very similar offers. And they're spending a lot of money advertising. So I know that what sets me apart as people connect with me and how I teach my content. But I'm gonna market it by taking a swipe file of basically everybody who's out there, who has these different offers that are that are doing stuff. And I just throw it into Evernote for the for the landing pages. So in Evernote, I'm just I copy the whole landing page, if I see it on Add a copy and paste the whole page, throw it into Evernote. And here's my swipe file right here. Here's a here's a here's a landing page right here that I copied last night. Here's another one right here. So like I literally have like pages of landing pages that I've just put into a file from other marketers that are selling products. And I even do this if I'm like writing it for a client and things like that. So I got pages of these other sales letters, then what I like to do is is this, as I'll read through the sales letter, like I'll read through this one right here. And I'll find sentences that really stand out to me that I really like. And so what I'll do is I'll take four or five sales letters. This is how we used to write a lot of sales copy before chat GPT as I'll take, like some of the best lines that I really like from from a sales letter. And I'll use that my myself. And I'll and I'll copy it into a text document like a separate document. And then I'll paste that in the chat GPT. And I'll have chat GBT create me a brand new sales letter, I'll run through my same prompts of coming up with the pain points, the struggles, all of that to basically craft a brand new sales letter that's inspired by an already existing successful sales letter from my swipe file. And then what's really cool is the final sales letter is so different from any of the ones that are in my swipe file. That like it's not just copying text and piecing it together like a puzzle piece. It's a unique piece of copy. That's really powerful. That's borrowing concepts from the swipe file, but very much an original piece of content that I'll put out there, I'll edit it and make it sound like me. And that's how I that's how I use email and sales letters as a swipe file. Very important to do that. As a technique for writing copy is to anytime you see a competitor or just somebody sales letter that you like, copying it, putting it down as a swipe file. Here's the other thing too. Like we could literally take this landing page right here. This landing page right here, and we could tell it, rewrite the following sales sales letter based on the above content of dog walking business, that use the following below as a template of the structure of a sales letter. Letter. And then I'll paste that sales letter right here. And then it's going to start to rewrite this sales letter for the dog walking business to. I do this just for fun throughout the day as I'll go in, and I'll paste a bunch of sales letters in the chat GPT. And I'll have it rewrite them and come up with stuff. How would you like more step by step help securing dog walking clients, I'll reveal the exact methods every dog walking entrepreneur can use to master client acquisition, transform them into loyal customers, then what I might do is I might take this that it's writing here. Because this doesn't really sound like a dog walking business. This sounds more like an online marketing business. Here's where things can get really fun. Okay, let's just, let's stop it right there. I'm going to copy this link, copy this, and I'm going to say this is good, but can you rewrite it in the tone of dog walking business clients? Let's rework it in the tone of dog walking business clients. How would you like to fill up your client roster with dog owners eager for their services? Discover proven methods every dog walking entrepreneur should know how to get loyal dog owners. Knowing how to organically present your dog walking services forges genuine connection with the owners. So now this adds leaving a little bit more of the heart into it. The next wagging roster challenge starts it adds these little dog emojis in here, an open letter to every dog walking entrepreneur you ever felt lost in the park struggling to gain consistent clients. So it's like, just kind of going through here. And having it rewrite swipe file sales letters is a really cool way to come up with ideas for how to describe that something. Somebody said what is a swipe? file? Okay, so, uh, if we think of a file is like a folder of different documents a swipe file, is I guess let's actually ask chat GPT or Google Bard what a swipe file is. So a swipe file is a collection of writing examples that can be used to inspire your copywriting. Whether it be email, subject lines, landing pages, sales letters, headlines, blog posts, that originated in the copywriting world where you have basically a folder of other people's work to refer back to to get ideas from for what you're doing. Now with AI, we just connect to get ideas. And the really the best way to get ideas habit, rewrite somebody's sales letter based on your offer, and then use that as your like new swipe file because it's all going to be lined up to your offer category. All right, I can I can do a whole training on that. Awesome. Was that helpful? Bummer.

[1249:47] Speaker 0: Yeah, that was awesome.

[1250:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Awesome. All right. Tam Tamra Lattimore.

[1251:27] Speaker 0: Hi, Jeremiah,

[1251:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to Hi, how are you?

[1252:15] Speaker 9: I'm good. I'm gonna take a lot of valuable information you share with us. It's been a great training list of all the different tools, app sites, maybe with affiliate links that you share it with us, like somewhere the

[1256:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want affiliate links. I mentioned it on the different trainings. If I mentioned it, I mean, I mean, let's talk about the apps I use chat. GPT Squarespace Thinkific a lot of these don't necessarily have affiliate links either. Um, Zapier, MailChimp those are kind of the main ones that we use Zoom. Facebook. So keep it simple read. Oh, yeah. restream.io that's one that I like to. That's how I stay alive on multiple different platforms. Oh, okay. That which is cool. So, yeah, restream.io.io is my favorite because I can I can have one stream that then goes live into like nine or 10 different places all at once, which is cool. So, but yeah, those would be the main ones.

[1271:43] Speaker 9: Okay. And I'm also I'm a, I'm a holistic nutrition weight loss coach. And I know you mentioned that there's certain terminology we shouldn't use, like on Facebook, or you know, yeah. And because I know you say speak more to the symptoms and not the results

[1276:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're doing health. Yeah,

[1276:53] Speaker 9: yes. Can you give me an example like of something I shouldn't say?

[1278:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is guaranteed for you to lose 100 pounds.

[1279:15] Speaker 9: Oh, okay.

[1280:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: To do that, this is guaranteed to cure cancer. Which honestly, if we think about the health and wellness world, we shouldn't always really be saying that anyways, right? But even like imply it's like before and after photos, they don't let that go. They have a file that you can look up meta advertising guidelines. Okay. And so I'll just type in meta advertising guidelines into Google. And it will pull up right here meta, yeah, meta advertising standards. I mean, really, what they're trying to prevent sensational content. You can't advertise pornography. A lot of cryptocurrency because there's a lot of scams COVID stuff, they don't allow drugs and alcohol dating, online gambling, but right here personal health and appearance. So the idea is we don't allow them to imply or generate a negative perception of themselves, their weight, their diet or weight loss. So they can't declare or imply a perfect body type, promote negative body image, exploit insecurities contain this tasteful messaging now, by the way, whether you whether you would or not, once somebody is on your email list, you're free to do whatever you want. Your contact info, and it came through Facebook, you can do and say whatever you want. Now, at that point, like you'll, you'll have people you know, what do we want it like this, they wouldn't allow this as an ad, have a look at they actually give you some alternative ideas, use positive testimonies of people who use the service, right here. Instead of just like an image like this, use different like rip written testimonies that people said, Okay, after images. Um, so that's kind of like, they're just looking to, to that nothing that makes people feel guilty or bad about themselves. Or, like fear, like, you're gonna die if you don't buy our product type of language. Like that's, I actually knew a guy, he created a webinar that literally said that in the webinar, and I was like, this, I guess this webinar might work if you get people to it, but Facebook ain't gonna allow you to advertise. And he's like, oh, man, but it's so true, they're gonna die sooner if they don't, you know, I was like, Oh, I know. But like, they're not gonna allow you to advertise that. So. Okay, so like, you can read through that in their policies here, basically, anything even like, you know, you can't sell guns. They're very, you actually, surprisingly, you can, you can promote a lot of political stuff, you just have to become authorized to do politics. They actually allow a lot of political advertising way more than you think they do. And so some of these are even, they're not necessarily restricted, you just have to they, if you run a political ad, you have to put your name and address next to the ad. So people can contact you. So, but yeah, you can read through those here on on metas. Website. They're not as strict as they used to be on a lot of this. They used to be really strict against for a while different, like coaching industries and stuff like that. They're not anymore. Interestingly enough, they have almost no restrictions on spirituality. They're like, they literally allow you to run anything related to spirituality. Faith based, they don't let you target based on a faith. But you can build a look alike audience around a specific faith, that's how we were able to be able to do that. A look alike audiences based on the behavior of people that fit into a certain category. It's like if you have a website that the headline says, like this is for Hindu women, or Christian women, or atheist, women, whatever, you know, those are like three different categories there. You can't target for Christian, Hindu or atheist. But if you put that headline on your page, the algorithm will actually start to show it more to that segment of people. And then you could actually build a look alike audience that would have just that one faith in it, which is pretty interesting. That's how I know a lot of people that do just like Christian faith based stuff can target and get really cheap leads for their advertising, by creating a look alike audience of basically, faith based people as a bucket and then telling Facebook, okay, go find as many people that are like them, how does it know they're faith based? You got to first understand how the algorithm works on social media. There's all these data points that they know way more about us than then the And we realize based on how we interact with websites, where we go, how we interact on the platform. And so, I mean, Facebook can pretty much pinpoint you based on your your faith and beliefs almost exactly. Just based on your behavior. So

[1365:01] Zoe Denison: Oh, wow, okay. Yeah,

[1365:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: they don't let you advertise they used to like two years ago, you could advertise for like specific fates, they removed all of that. But you can build a look alike audience around like Christian faith or any other faith as far as that goes, it's a little bit of extra work, but it does work. So there's just I got I got, I got the answers to a wide range of questions when it comes to promoting and building one of these businesses, if whether you want to be an author, trainer, speaker, selling a course a coaching program, Facebook ads, you can laser in on who you're looking to help. and present them basically right in front of the right person, whatever message that you want to put out there. And then the goal is you build trust with those people, you build trust, and then that's where you have your call to action, where you're selling people on whatever program that you're offering, overall. And so that's, that's, that's gonna be the topic of the next two days here as well. So I'm excited for us to kind of close this out the next two days here. I'm excited to kind of bring this all around. Um, Sherry asked what do I think about NLP? I've never studied NLP personally. I know I use my hands to talk I might naturally use some of the elements of NLP, but I never studied it. So. All right. Um, yeah. Thanks, everybody, for being here. Thanks for joining us here today. I'm excited for

[1391:03] Speaker 0: tomorrow to go over the

[1392:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: how do you target the right people through Facebook? How do we put the the platform's together so they all connect right? And then how do we show it in front of the right people? And then once we have the right people in front of us, how do we close sales? That's what we're going to be going over the next couple of days plus, we're going to be be showing you those free gifts that we have for you. So I'm excited. I'll see you guys tomorrow. And we'll talk soon. Have a good one, everybody.

