VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE 
Date: 2023-05-08T22:04:01.000Z
Duration: 72 min
Otter ID: SQahFO6JraXhMEC0DcRXb7b74YM
---

[1:17] Speaker 0: All right.

[6:10] Speaker 0: All righty. Hey, everybody.

[7:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to the VIP backstage pass. Welcome to be able to ask some questions. Looks like everyone was fired up from the session today. So that's amazing. I love that. I love seeing that. Why do I do what I do? It does make us a lot of money. So that is a good reason why to do what I do. But there's another reason is seeing coaches, trainers and mentors, take their message and impact people's lives with that. And so I believe that every single person who's on here, those watching the recordings that you have what it takes to make six figures right now today, and some of you have what it takes to make seven figures very soon as well. So all right, we're gonna take some questions. The way that we do this is if you raise your hands, virtually raise your hand. I guess if you raise your hand, if you're on camera, it also raises it for you if you can hold it there. So whoever has a question, I'm going to take questions looks like Colleen Brown, what's up Colleen? How are you today? You'll be our our first caller with a question.

[29:28] Speaker 2: Hey, Jeremiah. Hey, everyone, I just wanted you to expand on reckless marketing. And I'm like, does that mean I'm being reckless with other people's money if I don't have this completely nailed down? You know, and you talked about pivoting? If you're going to coaching this way, you don't have to stay that way. I'm just cuz I'm always concerned about other people's money and not wasting their time or their, their dollars. That's

[36:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, are you are you do you have an investor's money that you're spending for your marketing?

[38:36] Speaker 2: I haven't got anything at all set up. This is all brand new. I saw you last time last week for the first time. And so I decided that my passion in life is to educate women and girls in financial literacy, because I came to that sort of education later in life. And, you know, I've got three daughters and granddaughter. And I'd like to make sure that I share that what I've learned, which is really rudimentary, but it's not taught in schools. I mean, I have an MBA, but nobody taught me about investing and all that sort of stuff. So yeah, I want to share that.

[49:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So who so when we talk about wasting other people's time and money? Who are we talking about?

[51:59] Speaker 2: People that might sign up? And Oh,

[52:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah, I was

[53:04] Speaker 2: concerned about reckless marketing. I was like, Am I just gonna waste their money? They saw no

[54:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I talked about. Yeah, great, great, great point. When I talk about that, A, it's kind of like a little bit of a shock word reckless marketing, because we're taught all the time in business, to not be reckless with anything. And so the way I see it is be reckless with putting yourself out there without concern of are people going to like me? Are they going to connect with my message? How are they going to judge me, things like that, instead of crafting and curating this perfect image or brand, really, when it comes to the coaching business, your brand evolves over time, and I'll tell you, I've never seen a coach who started one way. And five years later, two years later, a year later, they were very different because it evolves you as a person as your coach, if you don't watch back through the stuff that I did four years ago, I have evolved a whole lot from some of those. Now, is that to say, see, the argument is that in traditional business and corporate, it would have been wise for me to not post on social media for four years, until I had curated the perfect message to put out there and it was reckless for me to launch less than perfect content. But I would argue that in this industry, it's actually imperative that you imperfectly launch before you have everything fully figured out and finished, that you don't want to be defrauding people and selling fake content are things that can't deliver results. And so if you're gonna promise a result, I just had to talk about this exact topic with our accelerator group this morning. Is that You have to promise some kind of an outcome at some point. Now, the fact is that you could promise an outcome to somebody and only 5% of your students might actually reach that outcome. And you don't have control over what the student can do or how they can apply it, what you're selling people on as the opportunity to learn from you. And this is the same way that college education is sold, there's no guarantee of a job when you go get a college degree, just as there's no guarantee of, you're gonna get a results. Exactly. What you want, though, is and that's where personal integrity comes in play. You as a woman of high integrity, I can talk and I can tell that from you, I wouldn't be super concerned with you selling something that would waste people's time because I just don't think it would be in your nature anyways, to do that. And so knowing yourself giving yourself grace, it would be better to just let's let's put something together that at least provides value. Let's launch it and then let's see what kind of feedback we get from people.

[98:20] Speaker 0: Okay, thanks so much.

[99:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Who else has a question? Anybody else? I love taking questions. Cynthia wise heart. Hey, Cynthia.

[103:21] Speaker 3: Let's unmute you. There we go.

[104:40] Speaker 1: There we go.

[105:07] Speaker 4: Um, I'm so glad to be here. I just met you last week too. And I really I've had coaches, lots of coaches, and energy. So that's awesome. Um, I have been doing clinical hypnotherapy and life coaching health and wellness coaching for 25 years and one on one moving into this computer is Yeah. And over those years, I have worked with all kinds of people in waves. Now I'm being asked to, to find my niche. Right, right. Right, right. Yeah. And I think that's what has stopped me from from moving forward. What is the best way for me to find my niche? Everything that I know, and everything that I've done? How do I trim it down to that? You what you call

[120:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: a few? Yeah, I'll give you like the short version of it. And then I have a number of trainings on our podcast that go over this as well that are a little bit longer. Were you a part of the training that we did on starting your coaching business last week? Or?

[124:52] Speaker 4: No? No.

[125:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you were a part of one of the things that we did last week. So did you get the finding your niche bundle from the $7, one from that one,

[127:28] Speaker 4: I may have and have not had a chance to go through

[128:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: roofing. Yeah, so that has really good training, if you had grabbed that one, because I don't include the same bonuses in this VIP is those those are kind of separate. And those are more like introductory level. So I always include though the finding your niche training. So I can direct you to some different trainings that we have on that I'm gonna keep it succinctly right now just kind of like the ultra condensed version for you. Okay, and then if we want to expand upon that, I would recommend going through some of those trainings, because they're, they go in detail. So what you do for your niche is you use specifically are in a position that that I would say is more rare in this type of industry is that you have so much experience. And so what you have is a really great sense, especially the type of coaching have, who is your dream client? Who do you love to work with the most that you also get results for? And I would be willing to bet that, yes, you've worked with a wide range of people. But if you could say, I would like to just work with this sliver of people right here. That's what I would build your niche around is focusing on that group of people that just lights you up because then it becomes effortless to serve them and to market and to sell to that group because you know that this is just your it's more Passion Driven than anything else. There is sort of a misnomer in business of like, follow your passion. I would say that that really only works when you have the level of experience that you've had. Because you you have you know what your kind of your passion group is, but then you still do the business because it pays the bills. I think we have to get to a point where we're willing to do something because it's it brings in cash flow and pays the bills and we can eventually build it around what our passion is. So you've gotten to the stage 2025 years Here's where I would pick out what is just the group of people that you really love to work with. And a niche is always about who you're going to work with, not what you're actually doing.

[162:40] Speaker 3: Right. All right.

[163:34] Speaker 4: Yeah. And I have worked with so many different kinds of people. And you're right there are people don't want to work with.

[165:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you don't have to if you don't want to.

[166:16] Speaker 4: I have fired clients.

[166:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And that's, that's a good thing to say that, you know, a lot of beginning coaches feel guilty saying this people they don't want to work with. Yeah, they feel like, Oh, am I am I alienating this person that could use my help? No, it's not worth the headache. No.

[171:24] Speaker 3: No, that's true.

[172:06] Speaker 5: And so,

[172:20] Speaker 4: the thing, one of the things that you said that I thought was really important, was that I needed not only the people whom I can teach, but those who can buy and that's the

[176:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So that, that is, that is a sort of a piece is that still goes with the the passion piece is maybe the client you didn't like working with is willing to spend more money with you. Okay. How far into that realm? Are you willing to go? Do they have an occupation in common? Do they have a specific goal or outcome that they were doing something around. And so that and that, specifically, I think you can make six figures with any niche. But if we really want to go to half a million, a million dollars in revenue in our business, as a group coaching business, we do have to narrow it down to the group of people that is willing to make an investment with you. And it's usually because they have some kind of a return or outcome that they've always dreamed of. So they're willing to spend money to solve that problem, if I'm investing $4,000, into a tonal workout system in my house, that solves the problem of me having to go to the gym every day, right? So I'm willing to make that investment as somebody who also has the level of income to where buying a $4,000 workout system, is I'm their target customer as far as that goes. So it's finding that group of customer that you can build a successful business around financially, that you also enjoy helping and that you have the experience and track record in.

[199:30] Speaker 4: Okay, I look forward to taking your little classes on niche.

[200:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that'd be great. These five days will be really good to just the next four days, what we're going to really be focusing on is, how do we speak to that group that niche and get really specific in what our offer is that we put out so that we're attracting the person who is more likely to purchase versus just any wide range group of people. And this is coming from somebody who I, I just, I have a heart that I want to help everybody. And I know that coaching and online courses is a way to do that. But not everybody resonates with my message or who I am or how I teach it. And so I can't please everybody, but I can find a group of people that I know that I can help. And that's who's on calls like this with us now.

[213:59] Speaker 4: Hey, all right, thank you so much.

[214:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Now there's a few other sides to that finding your niche, just I'll just add this briefly. If you don't have 25 years of a track record, and you're just getting started, you could pick sort of a couple of different niche topics. And what I would say is just experiment and see how you like it, invite a group of those people onto a zoom call with you and really just have some fun hearing what people's desires are, what their goals are, what you want to work with, and listening to the market in a specific niche. Now, it might not be the final niche that you'll be in, eventually, but it'll at least be a group of people that will give you the right feedback and the right data that you need to move forward to create profitable offers. All right. All right. Let's see Jessica. Roxanne.

[229:06] Speaker 6: Hello. Hi, everybody. Hi, Jeremiah. So yesterday, so thank you for that and thank you for this one too. I've got a question. So I do you have my niche. I have been coaching for quite a while one on one and I'm trying to shift into who coaching. How does this work? You said you said not to look at a launch model but to look at a sustainable model for six month coaching program, I can't quite wrap my mind around that.

[237:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. As you can have a six month program that people can come in at any given moment in time, and you're able to onboard them kind of like an on ramp. So even if they come in at month 234, and five, they can get started with the same level of coaching as somebody who came in on month one. And you can keep promoting one program that's ongoing. And the other idea is that the six months isn't just six months, and then you're out, it's like, let's keep doing this keep growing because the community ends up growing. The group coaching model is very interesting, because it is a, it's a living organism in a way that one on one coaching isn't with one on one coaching, everybody's so different. With group coaching, the group ends up becoming one, one client in and of itself, that all shares the same issues and the same problems. And so the training that you give to the group, you then see exponential growth with like 3040 people all at once, because they all were dealing with the same issues. So we ended up selling it to a segment of people that is struggling with the same issue overall, that's willing to make an investment with you. And what you'll find is that group is very similar to your one on one clients. But they end up fitting into the mold of what I see as if I looked at who my dream one on one clients are, my group coaching program is a whole group of 200 of the same people. And so that's what's really cool is group coaching is more enjoyable than one on one coaching. Because you you're not fielding such a wide range of people's emotions and struggles and things like that you're actually more focused in and you're able to deliver results at scale that way. Hmm. All right. It's a little more to it than that. But that's, that's what I would respond to how you ask the question. So.

[268:54] Speaker 6: Okay, one more, before I go, please. You said no sales calls, which is something I don't really want to do. So this way of doing it means you don't need to do sales calls. So how does it work is this basically what you're doing now taking us through the five days,

[273:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's part of the process, you can do sales calls, if you want to, you don't have to, I would honestly say you don't need to do sales calls, until you hit about 10 to $20 million, in my opinion. Now sales calls, if you love doing sales calls, is is a how we say it, it can, it can benefit you. And so if anybody's watching, I'm like don't do so I'm not saying don't do them, you don't have to do them. And so the way that you do it is you attract who is a good fit for your business, to join you for some kind of a live training. And then you're able to tell those people about your program. And so as you dial in your messaging for your offer, it ends up attracting the same group of people that are in your coaching program. Like everybody who's on here, right now, these questions are exactly the type of questions that we're getting in our coaching programs as well. And so because of that, I know that we're attracting people that are a good fit to work with us eventually. Now a lot of people that we meet, they may take a month, two months, three months, even four months down the line, to end up joining our group coaching program. And so that's part of just our nurture process. And with that, it's just staying connected with the people that join you for different events. Like if you just met me last week, I would hope that we continue connecting for the next month, two months, three months, through the different avenues that I have, through the different events that we're doing. And then in that the numbers work themselves out to where it's profitable for us to run paid advertising campaigns. And the profitability is at a level to where it's making us enough money to continue to do that each month. And then all I'm doing each month is I'm just showing up to a group of people once or twice a week. And that's how the whole business grows. Now, sales calls can add on top of that, if you want to have people reaching out setting calls, things like that, not a bad approach, not required, though, to make the kind of money we hit. We hit a million dollars a month with Rick with Rick pinos coaching program without doing any sales calls. And then he added sales calls to it. Because he was like, Okay, we could probably ramp this up more if we did sales calls. And so but with same thing with my mom's business, and we didn't do sales calls for anything that was under a $10,000 ticket. So like, if we're asking somebody to pay 10 grand, then maybe we do a sales call. If it's if it's 1000 or 2000. No sales call like we don't hop on the phone with you for something like that you can go and the way I see it is seeing ourselves like a business owner. Listen Apple Computer, they they will meet you at their store. But they they'll do a call with you. But eventually, it's still a system where they want you to order a computer. It's the same repeated system, the same presentation, selling that. And so the way that we see it is is like, we have kind of our enterprise level client that might be over 10 grand. And we have our entry level client. That's that's under $2,000. All right.

[326:58] Speaker 6: Okay, and so how long is your program, then? I may be pre empting things a bit.

[328:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: How long is my program? Yes, the

[329:14] Speaker 6: the one that you showed us, the one that one that I

[329:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: have is a year. Okay, so it's a it's a year long commitment to join the program. And we offer a payment plan with that as well, too. So with that, you can offer a payment plan, you can offer financing, there's partners that we have in the United States that actually offer you can take out a loan, and they'll finance the whole thing to brilliant, so we'll do that for like a 10k or 20k program as well.

[336:32] Speaker 0: Um, all right.

[337:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pamela, Pamela Stubbs.

[338:59] Speaker 0: Hi, hey, session, and implementing some of the things that you have you talked about already, because I've attended several of the programs with you. Yeah, I, I have a program called the sleep toolkit has got lots of sections in it like modules. I pulled one of those out to create, like a free lead magnet, and then my free webinar. And then I want to know, do you have an email sequence that goes over like the welcoming? Because I've looked on YouTube, and I see your shorts, but I don't see a training on there. Is it somewhere else?

[351:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, I've, what are you talking about?

[352:22] Speaker 0: I, I created a, I've been following this, four to six steps that you said, I have my niche. And I created my offer. And now I'm working on the email sequence. Okay, I'm looking for some on your YouTube to see Do you have any training on that? Because I see your shorts. And if you don't, can you tell us? What's the email sequence? Like? How often do you send it out? When do you start to send it out? Like how far ahead of the event? Would you send that out?

[363:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: though? I gotcha. Yes, we do have a number of different videos on here just about email marketing, and what to say, I think I'm planning on doing a training here, coming up about what you just asked, because we've gotten that question a whole lot. My email sequence is very simple, somebody signs up, we immediately send one email a day, for four days, reminding people to at least join the Facebook group to jump into whatever training is that we're offering. And then we just send, I email my list at least once a day, just whether it be with an offer, or with a piece of content. Sometimes twice a day, I'll send out but it's not a sequence that I do is I'm more I'm more writing one of those emails, I'll batch it, I'll write one like the day before send that out. It's more of a concept, we have reminder emails that we send to people, reminding them about the event. And you can automate those through MailChimp. But I don't have any sort of elaborate kind of written up email sequence that we've that we've created. It's more just okay. What are the questions that people are asking when they join our event? What do they want to learn and then inviting people to join us on different trainings that I that I put out? And so by offering those trainings, at the end of each training that I do, I have a call to action of some kind, whether it be to join me on a live event or to join our one of our coaching programs.

[385:05] Speaker 0: Okay, thank you. And then let's see. Oh, you said you offer a payment plan? How do you work that? Are you with a company that automatically tells the person that it's time for you to make your next payment and then blocks them if they don't make the payment?

[391:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so that's, we use a site called thinkific.com. And so thinkific.com is a tool that we get to use that allows us to, when people register for our coaching or for a course, they will take the payment and then they provide access to the recorded content to people in there. Now I also have a customer service agent that works for me, that removes people manually from my Facebook group. So that's a manual thing that you'll have to do. If you have a Facebook group, other than that just connects through Thinkific to stripe, and then that takes recurring payment each month automatically when people sign up.

[402:49] Speaker 0: Okay, okay. Thanks. All right.

[404:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see, it doesn't look like anybody else has their hand raised. And we're only halfway through our hour here. So

[405:56] Speaker 0: well, I have another question. Are you teaching us how to do landing pages during this intensive,

[408:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll go over it briefly, I, I'm telling you the landing page, you guys want to do it really simply, you know, I'll cover it. I'll even just do it right now since you asked squarespace.com, or any other website builder that you want to use will work. And Squarespace just released that they have added AI writing to their Squarespace pages, it'll actually write your pages right built in Squarespace. So we use a very simple design for landing pages that we recommend that people use. And it's it follows a very simple process, you have a headline at the top, some kind of a graphic that you create with, with Canva, that tells people the time and what it's for and what it's about. And then you have text, that sales copy that talks about the struggle that the client will have. And the breakthrough that they'll get from the training that they join with, you will usually add one simple stock photo, you can get that from a site called Photo dune.net for less than $2 for some of the photos, or you can generate them with the Bing image creator or an AI image creator or anything like that. And so then we just go through here and we write the offer copy, we write the language out. And you put a form on this page here and a page like this will take you maybe 30 minutes to put together. If you're really not tech savvy, and you want to follow the tutorials that we have for it, it'll take you maybe an hour at the most just to put it you're just typing text in and dragging and dropping the images and a very simple landing page like this, I would not make a landing page more complicated than what you see here, right here for any of your coaching businesses when you're starting out. And that's what we recommend is when you dial in the words, you dial in the actual offer copy itself, that's what's really going to determine that you're attracting the right people. And then you're inviting them to join you on Zoom. And then that connects through MailChimp right there and gets people signed up. So putting that together through Squarespace is, is as simple as if I just open this up right here. You know, we open up a brand new page. And I usually build most of our landing pages in in Google Docs or with chat GPT most of the copy, you go in, you create a page, you you add your text, just copy and paste it add an image. So this was an image that you know, we put together in Canva. And you can use any of the templates that are in Canva. I love using a webinar template right here that they have, you could pull any of these and throw in your information of what you're teaching right here into a little template like this, download it to your computer, your phone. And then you type in the offer copy that you get from chat GPT into here, we're going to be going over that and developing the offer copy, developing out your language for your offer and all of that and what are the words that you actually put on that page? We're going to be going over that here during this week. So if you're like, you know what, what are the words that I actually put on the page? How do I come up with all of that? That's what the focus of this week's training is for you. Okay. All right.

[468:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anybody else have any other questions? Raise your hand let me know.

[470:35] Speaker 0: Julie Richards Oh, it's Coach

[471:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Rob Allen. If you can raise your hand through the zoom function. I can see it way better. I'm not trying to ignore you at all. Rob. I apologize. Coach Rob Allen. What's up man?

[475:08] Speaker 3: How are you doing? Man? I'm new to your community. And I gotta tell you a while I'm gonna know Yes. Actually know you. Because a lot of what you're saying is sticking true truth in principle and should have been in it. It is a consistent consistency across the board. So one of the things that I was on yesterday's yesterday's meeting, and what was helpful so far is are you able to explain some things that you don't understand whether relative to how the Facebook ads worked, and introducing mixes? GPT. And what they helped me to do, so far was get clarity to the two questions I was telling me in a while, who is who does that I serve and what problem that I saw. And now I was able to get clarity with that. I'm excited to move forward with this. And just getting that, to me is huge. Because I did a six week coaching program with the Men's Ministry at my church, the complimentary, this introduction is getting my feet wet, just to get some experience. The feedback was very well, it came back very positive. But the difference was, I didn't know what I was doing. Like I couldn't articulate now, I could articulate what it wasn't I did a language behind it to make it more effective. So I'm excited about being able to take this information and then move forward with it to generate those revenues. I guess the question of one question want to ask you is, you mentioned some numbers that I know if I heard you correctly, in terms of your group coaching, we had numbers in excess of 200, that I hear that correctly? Is there a number to a limit to a group coaching session? Or what was your thoughts?

[502:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I wouldn't do a limit to your group coaching personally. Because then you can just create a higher level once you reach about 500 people, and then you charge more for that level. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't put a limit on your first level. So is that we've got five coaching programs with about 3000 people all the way up to 5000. Before,

[508:31] Speaker 3: all together in one session going through the same experience, over a certain period of time

[509:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: about my hair, and then about 20% of them will actually show up live on any given time. But yes,

[511:39] Speaker 3: okay. Because I was under the impression that group coaching sessions to have a more effective and be impactful is to keep it down to maybe about a group of 20 or 3020, or 30 Maximum in that small group session. So as you can impact each person individually to give them the attention that they need. But it is true, if you save that large numbers I'm going to show and then large people are not going to participate, then it'll be more impactful while you're working with one that will impact as many because obviously happens emotions as well.

[521:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, there's a couple of ways to address that as you could have a breakout room with other coaches that work for you that maybe meet with them in a smaller group of no larger than 30. But that's where when you add in like a higher level program, that that is for a group of 30 to 50 people, we've done those all the way up to 100. Even again, when you have about 100 in a program, only about 30 to 40 are going to show up at any given time. And so but we would charge usually that anywhere between five to $15,000. For that price, for the for the initial group coaching level that people have, that I wouldn't limit, it would be anywhere between $47 A month all the way up to 200 a month. At that price point right there. Yeah, so a monthly program that people can stay in. And and that's what they end up paying is because you want to get at least 1000 to $2,000 per person who's in your program per year. So the idea is to get $1,000 per person per year minimum to work with you. Below that you can offer trainings like this, that have that are less than $50, for people to get access for a shorter term to work with you. But for your main program, like for my main program, it's $2,000 a year when we open the doors to it. And so that's what that's the that's also my entry level right there, we have 200 people actively in that program. And when I hit, I want to get it up to 500. And then I'm going to have a higher level program that's 10 grand, that will probably only have 30 to 40 people in it.

[549:23] Speaker 3: So you're just taking this to a whole nother level in terms of expanding the realm of possibility, because

[551:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: the value ladder model is what it is. Yes,

[552:18] Speaker 3: it is the value ladder model, which I get. But initially we're talking about, say, a six week group coaching period for a certain period of time where you can introduce some, you know, introduce some other things other offers later.

[556:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the way that we've usually done that is we'll try to get as many people on one of those six week trainings as possible and then at the end, sell people on a country continuity program to where they're able to pay monthly at 47 to $97 a month. And then you also have a higher level program that people can go to, or they can re enroll into the next semester of a six week program. Now, that is more of a launch model, it's a hybrid model, where you want to get to though eventually, is when you're making a quarter of a million to a half a million dollars a year is you move everything into just one program that becomes a membership. And people pay monthly for access to all of the stuff that you do kind of like a Disney plus, or a Netflix subscription, but much higher priced at about $200 a month. Hmm, yep. Those are the models that we've built that have worked really well that you don't need to do a lot of sales calls for at all. That you can automate a lot of the marketing, and you just show up and you do some live presentations, get people on your email list, and then invite people to join you for your coaching program. And those systems work really well. All right.

[578:21] Speaker 3: And in those sessions, you're responding specifically to needs, those are in those in those live sessions. So even though the subject might be unique, and everybody knows that the subject matter, and then may be repeated over a period of time, because someone specifically is addressing it, and you can work with them individually, and help them help them in a mess here. Yeah,

[584:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. On the subject matter. Yeah, we take a one on one q&a, kind of like we're doing here, right now. During the sessions, I do one week of training, and then one week of q&a, on and off with people, okay. And then, what I do is I also have a course, where I am teaching a course to people that they get a new course, each each week from me a lesson to a new course that I'm doing. So that might take me six weeks to teach. And so in our program, people are getting up to date content, up to date training, they get access to me for accountability, to be able to answer their questions in the program, they get access to be able to have me look over their ad, copy their offer, copy, things like that. So we're out however, you can provide value to the group beyond just teaching beyond just training. But to bring a transformation to where people actually get a result. So where they actually get a desired result from you from working with you, then that's what people will make an investment for. And that's what you're selling is the outcome. You're selling the specific outcome that people can expect, when they work with you, when they can come in. The only reason that somebody is willing to make an investment in working with you in a business is because they trust that you will deliver an outcome to them. And they will pay for that specific outcome. And so that can look very different depending on what you actually do with people. And at the coaching level, it becomes very nuanced, specifically not around just what do I want to share with people? Not just what I want to share with people. Sorry, someone's ringing my doorbell. But what does the group want? What I care and want to share with people doesn't matter. What my group wants to learn from me is the only thing that I care about. Now when there's an alignment with those things, that creates an incredible atmosphere. And that creates the results and cultivates the type of results that we love seeing in our program. So thank you so much, though, for that question. I appreciate it, Rob.

[623:02] Speaker 3: Oh, thank you. Appreciate it.

[623:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Look at all right. Julie, Julie Richards.

[624:37] Speaker 5: Hey, there good to be with you. Again. Jeremiah chatted with you yesterday. And I appreciate all that you bring to the table. I have a million questions. But I have been in one of those places where I'm like, in processing mode and not committed action. And so I'm a former teacher. So I'm like, What's my homework from day one? What's my homework? I want to do something. I want to get something out there.

[631:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I did it tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

[632:49] Speaker 5: Okay. I'll take homework tomorrow. That'll be great. Okay. So my question is this, I did my first attempt at a group membership or group coaching, and I loved it. I set a limitation for myself. I said, I want five people. I got five people. So your visualization thing is really key. Like right imagine I wanted 60 people, I probably would have gotten 50 people or at least maybe 20 Yeah, yeah. But the price point is where I always get tripped up. And I know value is like what I put out there for people. But it's like, coming up with the right language to get to the audience. So I'm, I'm in the church world, like I was doing something where I got a lot of people from the church world who were saying, Well, if you're addressing something that the church should address you

[645:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be free. And I was like, Yeah, that's a lot of crap.

[646:50] Speaker 5: And then I talked to people in the business world, and my price point was $555, for a four week

[648:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing was pretty good. And,

[648:51] Speaker 5: and I guess I have people who paid 555, but I had people in the business world who said they wouldn't pay, they wouldn't expect to pay anything under 5000.

[650:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or flow. Yeah, so So in that, you will notice, especially if it's in a Christian church setting, you're probably going to end up pricing at least 50%, or whatever the business world says. So even then $2,500 would be I would say, would be a good price point even for your offer, but your entry level offer 300 to 500, that's a great price point to get introduce people to you. And then I would get a bunch of people to join you at that 550 and then sell them on something that's 2500 as like a more elite level that they can go to with you. And that creates a very great system that's very similar to what we had done with Rick and with George Ian. And, and those price points work really well, in the churchy space, there is sort of a there is I would say a 50% pricing discount on what the business world charges, but don't undervalue yourself and charge too cheap, either.

[665:48] Speaker 5: Okay, yeah. Okay. So if if I, if I expanded my four week and did like an eight week thing. And then I would probably increase the price because it was 555. Last time, so I increased the price to maybe 690 or 697 or something for eight weeks, then that would be an eight week thing. And then my goal would be to enroll them into a larger program, that would be how long

[673:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can have the larger program be for three months, it can be for six months, it can be for 12 months, whatever term that you want to commit to, that you want people to commit to. And to jump into. I do want to add to this, though, the pricing limitations. There's there's a, there's a something to this. So for the beginner, the price points that I give is kind of like you know, if you're just starting out if you're doing that, because I know that you can easily do those price points, there is no limit to what you actually can charge. When a you believe that your value is at that level. And you can you can sell people to buy anything at any level. You know, there are people that sell $370,000 cars to people and there's people that sell $18,000 cars. And so there's always a market for every price point. And so that's also something to keep in mind. But what I like is I like at least for what you're doing, I think you're on the right track. And I would keep doing what you're doing. It sounds like you're you're doing a great job with that. Thank you,

[690:53] Speaker 5: I appreciate it. And I heard I heard out at bilat say one time, it's not about me convincing you to believe what I believe it's me convincing you to believe that I believe in myself. And I believe what I'm saying so I think you're talking about mindset. So

[694:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, go for it. i There's a solid quote that I stand by as I think your level of income is directly related to your level of self belief and self esteem. Because if you're selling yourself, or you're selling a product, and you don't believe this is worth somebody's buying, if you in the back of your mind is like this is not worth what I'm selling, then you're not going to get somebody to buy it because there's a certain energy that comes across in your language and your words and your body language and all of that that will turn off people. So but if you believe in the value of it, and then you're going to you're going to speak with and present yourself with language that's of confidence. Now that's something that you can learn as well, which is awesome. As you can learn that I had the worst. Someone argue I still do but the worst body language and was the worst possible salesperson and couldn't hold a conversation on video, or public speak to save my life five years ago. Again, I'm not the best I mean, unless you know, I don't think I ever I don't think I'm ever going to be Tony Robbins level Speaker I just I just have I'm not going to strive for that. But I'm going to be authentically myself and connect with the people that I know that I can impact the most and that authenticity is what grows my business and that's what helps all of us sell is that when we can make a connection with others. That connection is what actually ultimately gets people to buy from us. Not any of the other stuff. Now the connection builds trust. The connection builds the belief that somebody has in you, but when you can can act and and that starts from your own core of believing in yourself when you're connected inside internally. Then that comes out to other people. All right. Let's see somebody's iPhone raised their hand

[728:04] Speaker 0: iPhone

[729:48] Speaker 3: Hello? Hello.

[730:48] Speaker 7: Is it me?

[731:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. It says, Okay,

[731:59] Speaker 7: I have a couple of questions. When you talked about your $10,000 program before I was out to coaches or to clients.

[734:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, what?

[735:20] Speaker 7: You had talked about a program you wanted $10,000. And I asked you if it was for coaches or for clients, you know, regular people, not non coaches.

[738:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't work with anyone who's not a coach, mentor, trainer, speaker.

[739:52] Speaker 7: Okay. Yeah. Okay. And how I mean, for high ticket program 10 to $15,000. What, what parameters? Would you recommend them? Is it three months, four months, type of thing? I mean, what is what is the best value,

[744:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've done three, I've done three months, I like in this market, doing it doing like a year long program for high ticket now. Like, we have a 10k that we're about to open the doors to, again, with my mom's business, and it's a year long program. But she allows people to have a certain level of savings depending on how long they commit to it. So they can either do a three month commitment six month or 12 month, and they get a certain level of savings depending on which commitment level they do, and how much they pay in full.

[752:32] Speaker 7: So what does that consist of like every other or every week? Coaching every other week? Individual?

[754:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, usually every week, like zoom calls. And then she has a communications channel where people can ask questions. Yeah.

[757:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Most group coaching models usually have some variation of a q&a and training and interaction with the with the leader. Unfortunately, a lot of group coaching programs don't give you the level of interaction with the actual leader of the program that we do in our in our programs. And I think that that's what really I think sets apart the value is when somebody can connect with you as a coach by joining your program. That's a huge value to people.

[763:45] Speaker 7: Sure, that's important for people I think, you know, definitely. You touch with your passion and dedication to operate. Yeah, I think all right. I appreciate it, what you talked about just the, as far as niches to be able to do, you know, kind of variant because what I, I practiced family law for 25 years, my background is in clinical psych. And I, okay, I look at in terms of coaching, and really the lessons that we must learn from our family of origin. So, you know, like it or not, you know, like dad or mom, you know, what I mean, dad, and then find mom, you know, what I mean? And, or mom and then dad, and then the 20 things we love about Mom and Dad we are and sad to say 20 things that people aren't fond of or can't stand, they are too, if you don't, I mean, it just defies logic, period. And so learn from that, and, you know, not the foibles and not repeat it is essential. And it really, I believe, you know, whatever other issues people have on the out there, whatever any coaches doing, it really all comes down to family of origin, whatever roadblock stumbling blocks, people have, usually are tied to family of origin issues, you know, what I mean in terms of self esteem and these things, you know, what I mean? feels about themselves like that. Even really good conduct, you know, that a child is following it blindly. You know, nowadays mom and dad don't go to college kid doesn't or whatever, and he doesn't really fulfill his greatest, you know, maximum abilities. You don't I mean, I talked about evolving to tour to greatness, and he doesn't really can, you know, stifling and sabotaging often, you know, it could be for them, and really, you know, that interferes with their ability to really, you know, self love in the end, you know, what I mean? So, even the good issues, you know, can be a point so, Uh, you know, if you're talking about, you know, alcohol issues, drug issues, domestic violence or whatever the issues are, the question is always the same. Why does he do that? And the answer is always the same family of origin, you know what I mean? So yeah, like everything.

[804:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, that sounds? That sounds like a great. That way you're going to be coaching people on? Yeah.

[807:05] Speaker 7: I'm writing a book and series on the topic also, too. And I really look at the magnitude of the Chicken Soup for the Soul series, which those guys are kind of my mentors, and I wrote them, for them and stuff like that. I really, look at that. It's very international in scope. It applies to everyone on the planet. You know what I mean? No, one's different. Yeah, I think most people really just missed the mark.

[813:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I've never had any What was your What was your name? It just says iPhone on here.

[815:05] Speaker 7: Oh, Steven LIS LTSS. Okay. Steven, thank

[815:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you so much for being here. And I'm, I'm, I'm grateful that you're here on the call.

[817:58] Speaker 7: You liked the topic? I mean, it's, you know, I've never heard anyone touch upon anything close to it. What's the topic? My kind of my, my,

[820:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, yeah. Yeah, no, I mean, there's a, there's a few coaching programs, mentors, things like that. But usually, that falls under the category of like, clinical therapy and things like that. So but I think you can marry some of that into that and make it a very successful coaching program for yourself. Definitely.

[826:17] Speaker 7: And I had my mind of a $20,000 package, and, you know, looking for 10, you know, five to 10 clients a month. But I don't know if that is pressing myself out of the market too much. And I mean, because just sounds high. What a lot of people are doing out there,

[831:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're not actively getting that money coming in at that price point, I think you could sell that the model that we show is more of a you go out there to a group of people and you connect with a group of people, and you bring them in to a group program. And so if you do a group of 20 people at 20,000, you can do that. But I would, unless you have a lot of expendable cash flow to test out on that as I would test it out with with some free offers. And doing some free landing page offers. Like what we're gonna be going over for these five days. So. Yeah, all right. Yeah, thanks.

[841:05] Speaker 7: Appreciate it.

[841:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Monia Monia, Monia? Manya. Yes. Hi, how are you?

[843:28] Speaker 8: Good. How are you? Thank you for doing this. I am, I guess, a beginner among a lot of you here. I really wanted to know a bit more because it seems to me that the short term program might be somewhere I'm comfortable starting before I you know, launch myself further. What I wanted to know is the the level of involvement that is in included in the six week or eight week program, it's only not only to base our clients, because sometimes we know that they need time to do their work, but also to base it on involvement. Right, right. So like the first week, you will have the training video. So my first question is, how long should or what is the minimum length of that video?

[857:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: 30 minutes?

[857:39] Speaker 0: It can be as short as 30 minutes. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

[859:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'll be at least 30 minutes, at least that I I'm long winded. So I do an hour.

[860:57] Speaker 8: I mean, I think maybe with experience, I might like go longer with time as I get comfortable. Yeah. And then the next week is where you open it up for q&a, communications, etc. But I wanted to know is, to me, it makes sense to have a one on one with the clients because you know, everyone would have their own questions based on where they are at the program. So if we're doing a short a fixed term program, so it starts on week, you know, April 1, and it ends, middle of May, versus an open ended where it's a six month program, but a six week program, but you can start anytime you want. So I guess the question that I have is, it is better to do a fixed term because then also that will limit your own time. So it's not I wouldn't have to be available all year long this because I don't know at what time anyone will will sign up for the program, right? Is that like the logic behind it? That's where

[878:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you would design it in a way that best works for you and your skin. Rolling what works that way for you? If that's how you want to do it, I've seen a number of coaches do that where they're only they only open it up for six weeks, a couple of times a year very elite group of people. And that's a great model that works that way. I, because I've been in this industry for so long, I know that the only way to really make more money monetarily to go to 789 figures, is you just make more offers and engage with people more often, and automate a lot of those interactions. And so for me, it's there's a range of you can work as little or as much as you want. But I do know that when you set it up, right, and you systematize, it, an ongoing program offers the best value to people overall. And you can systematize a lot of that to where you're not having to show up all the time, and you can fit that into your schedule. So you don't have to work five to 10 hours a week to do that. And that's what you know, my mom has been so good at in her business, is being able to only work five to 10 hours a week and have these businesses that are making 10s of millions of dollars with ongoing group coaching programs. And so the way that she has done that is by simplicity, simplifying what people get, you're not going to please everybody with your program. That's the thing. And so yes, can you provide better interaction with one on one coaching to people, you can, but you're going to be working more hours doing that. And so that's where there is a little bit of a level of sacrifice for doing group coaching as far as how much touch you can get with people. But when you attract the group of people, they all end up having a lot of the same problems overall. And then you can sell your one on one coaching, or you could sell a higher level with you at a higher cost to that group to where only a few of those people would end up joining you with that. And we offer that with our with our coaching as well. Like right now, if you go look at the one on one coaching on my website, it's listed at $55,000 for one day, okay. And the reason for that is because I really want everybody to join the group coaching program, as the one on one coaching is just if somebody wants to make that investment, then we can meet with them at that, at that rate. And we actually, we do we offer discount, sometimes we just did one this past week, I think it was like $16,000. And so that's the lowest that I go for one on one coaching is, is that $16,000 level. And so I don't discount that very often either. That was like I hadn't done it since November. So because I want as many people in the group coaching program as possible, because that's where I can have the most amount of impact leverage my time and and help the most amount of people while making the most amount of money. That's that's specifically why I do want to say, and and I just I, if I hadn't made myself clear on this, the training that I give you is the method to make the most amount of money with the lowest amount of work time involved for you. And so there's other models that you could do, but they might not bring in as much money and they might be a lot more work.

[933:01] Speaker 8: And it depends on the topic. Like in my case. I'm a career coach life and career coach. So yeah, right. It's different. So your communications, then you recommend doing zoom calls like this one q&a, where it's all everyone together? You mentioned communication sessions, is that like just chatting or via email? You're open to email back and forth? Like

[940:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't, I have it in a Facebook group where people can post stuff like that they're struggling with and I'll comment back, you could also just run that in my mom does it through discord. So she's not even in a Facebook group. It's all through Discord is for that. And so she does a discord channel, you can do a telegram channel, or some kind of a communication channel where people could ask questions, and you can mute it and turn it on, and even have what my mom does. She does like open hours once or twice a week where she just opens it up for two hours on two separate days. Yeah. People can type in a question there. If they didn't get it in there in those two hours, they'll have to ask the next time that that's open. And so there's ways of in that sense, kind of controlling how much or how little you want to work just depending on what kind of lifestyle you want. And what's really cool is this. The less access you give people to you, the more you can charge that's the crazy part. Most people don't understand, they think charge more for more access you actually, the less access that you give, the more boundaries, the harder it is to really interact with you, the more you can charge overall in how you work. So

[959:32] Speaker 8: thank you very much.

[959:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Definitely. All right, Seth, and this will be our last question here today for this q&a. But luckily, we got four more days. So this is great. Thank you.

[962:46] Speaker 9: Yeah, no, no pressure on on anyone with a good question. You know, I guess I'll just shoot what I have. And we'll see where it goes from there. I'm going to talk to you about kind of this, you know, relinquish control a little bit. But it sounds like if you have previous experience, and you possibly have sold some of what you're doing to people. How much of that do you bring into developing something like this, as opposed to what you kind of just let be developed? Oh, yeah, a feedback loop and stuff?

[973:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you definitely, you definitely would start by bringing in what you know. But the feedback loop really amplifies it. Oh, like 10, even a hundredfold. Because it's the way I see it is it's like a it's like a collective algorithm of what people want. It's sort of like, okay, this is the pattern of responses from people. And I'll usually bring that into the chat GPT and have it actually analyze what are the top issues. And so then I'll look at, okay, here's a group of people that have these issues, but not very many of them have it. So I'm going to lean in more focusing on these ones right here. That's how I develop even the content for my coaching today, with our coaching group, I did an hour long training this morning. With our accelerator group, we meet, we meet on Monday mornings, and I, I shared about how you have to make a promise of the outcome that the client is going to get, and that your brain will convince you that that is unethical and dishonest when you actually do it the right way. And that was something that I have reserved for my highest level clients is that your brain will actually convince you Well, I can't guarantee that somebody is going to become a multimillionaire. So I can't mark it with that as my hook. And I would challenge you that if you can help one person reach that goal, even if just 1% of your audience reaches that end outcome, then your offer needs to actually lead with that we're going to be talking about a little bit of that here. Tomorrow as well. Because I know one of the biggest things that stops coaches and mentors in our whole group, I noticed this pattern with our whole group, they were making great sales letters, all of that. But they were playing it safe with what they were promising in their offer as the outcome. They were playing it safe, because they're like, Well, I can't help everybody get there. And I say, but it can't. But is it an opportunity that if somebody takes us all the way to its desired end that somebody could reach that goal? And they said, Well, yes. And so that needs to be the topic of what you're offering. And this is why we have to look at okay, if I have something in my brain that says well, I've never, I've never, I can't guarantee this for everybody. So then it's unethical and dishonest to say, Hey, if you join this training with me, I'm going to show you how to get more clients to your dog grooming business, or how you know how to make seven figures in a carwash business, like you can literally coach people in that niche. If you have that process in mind. Then you need to you need to say this is gonna get you there, this is the path that's gonna get you there. And then we work backwards. And what we what we noticed was that a lot of coaches and mentors have experienced very bad coaching. A lot of scams out there a lot of people selling a dream that don't actually pan out to that goal. And so because of that, new coaches want to set a better precedent for the future with their clients. And so this incredible desire to operate out of integrity and honesty, which i i value integrity and honesty, at the top level in our business. These people are not going to scam other people, they have high integrity, I believe if if you're watching me today, that you're somebody who falls into that category, but you have to do a sales pitch with the same level of confidence with the same level of chutzpah with the same level of belief that sells people the dream that the con man coach did himself and that creates a paradigm shift. Because in the high integrity coach, they don't want to look like the con man. And so what this creates is this creates the coaches that try to sell but are timid and they come just close enough to actually asking the right questions and saying the right thing. How to close the sale. But then it falls flat, people don't show up, they don't purchase, they don't buy from them. And then that ends up costing them money with their paid advertising campaigns. And so when you can start to create an alignment with the result that you deliver to people, and your messaging, and you attract those people, and then you boldly and confidently sell. And to a lot of our coaches, they've given me feedback when I've shared that, that what I just shared made them cringe, that it made them feel completely uncomfortable and disgusting inside the topic of promising something that they can't guarantee to 100% of everybody who comes in the door. And what I found is that that comes from, there's a certain level of limiting beliefs that we have, as to there's a line that we believe that we can't cross or shouldn't cross when it comes to selling because of how we have judged and criticized other coaches. And so it actually the root cause is our own judgment towards others. And that's the craziest thing is you don't necessarily have to cross the line fully. But when you remove your judgment and criticism towards other coaches out, they're like, Okay, well, they sold this way. So I never want to be that way, it creates a wiring in our brain that says I'm never going to cross that line. And it creates this impossible level of resistance, where a coach won't cross. But the problem is, they play it safe too much with a buffer to where if they just went right here, it would close sales, they're not going to go to this level, but they're going to be right here to where they're confident to where they believe in what they're talking about. And they they they can, they can command a room and close sales with the best of them. I recommend all of our coaching clients read a book from Jordan Belfort, the way of the wolf, the straight line selling system, mastering the art of persuasion, influence and success. Because this system that he teaches in this book, is all about building trust with people. Jordan Belfort ended up going to prison for selling stocks that weren't valid to people because he was such a good salesman. And here's the subject of the Leonardo DiCaprio film, The Wolf of Wall Street, if you've ever seen that movie, what he ended up doing though, is he took his sales system. And he put it into this book. And I actually consider it to be the most ethical sales system that I've ever seen. Because I've learned from a number of salespeople, he's to clean up his image, he created a book that taught what I believe is the most ethical way of doing this, from a guy who is essentially the one of the worst con men ever out there is created one of the best sales systems that any coach, any trainer, any mentor that has integrity can learn from and learn. What do you say when How do you say it? How do you build trust with people. And it works, it works incredibly, and the biggest part is, is that if people don't believe that you can deliver the result and outcome they won't buy from you. But if people have a level of trust and belief that you your product, your company, your system, your coaching program can deliver that result to them, people will find it very hard to not purchase from you at that point. And that's what creates an irresistible offer. And that's what we're going to be showing you how to do all of that in a coaching business during these next four days.

[1097:58] Speaker 0: All right. So

[1098:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: was that I hope that was helpful for you. And I gave you a little bit of a taste of where we're headed over the next couple of days.

[1101:05] Speaker 9: Thank you. Is there anything specifically you would say in talking with people? Or maybe you're going to talk about it later on the on the feedback loop that we that will translate into in person not just online?

[1105:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not fully understanding your question helped me understand it,

[1106:33] Speaker 9: the feedback loop where you're getting kind of, you know, feedback from people. So I think it's built into your system online. Yeah. Where people will give you that feedback. Yes. Does that translate to in person like the people and clients that I Curt currently have? Just do that with them? In person rather than?

[1112:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, definitely not. Are you only doing one on one? Are you doing group?

[1113:38] Speaker 9: One on one right now?

[1114:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So again, the feedback that you're getting one on one is going to be very much it's going to extend really far as far as a lot of people have different situations and all of that. What you'll try to find is what what's the pattern that all of them maybe share a similar struggle, desire, maybe origin outcome, some kind of a personality he'd even commonality, some kind of a, maybe they even have a shared trauma, I ended up finding a lot of my one on one clients, for the longest time, had this shared trauma of they had a ton of success, and then lost it all. And it was taken away from them. And then they wanted to succeed again. And I ended up finding even frequently that we attract a lot of people who that's their origin story is they actually had a ton of success at one moment in time in the past, and then lost it all. And what was funny was, is that correlated almost directly to my own pain, struggle and trauma that I had felt when I was working with my mom building that business and had to start my own business from scratch, where I went from, okay, CEO of this company, making eight figures to now having to start from the ground zero of, you know, people joke and say, If I had to start over today, what would I do, I actually put that to the test and had to start over and have built this coaching business from that after having success, then going down to Ground Zero and filling the gaps in there. And so that's what I bring to people is what I've learned from that journey, and how to get clients in the coaching business that way through the process that worked really well for me.

[1139:35] Speaker 0: All right. All right.

[1141:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, thanks, everybody. Thanks for being here. These questions were great. I'm excited for tomorrow. I'm excited to continue this. This conversation. We'll be meeting up at the same time. 2pm for the main sessions in the Facebook group, and 3pm for the q&a immediately after. Have a good one, everybody. We'll talk soon

