VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-12-18T23:01:13.000Z
Duration: 107 min
Otter ID: OZ05jfKaXCtpzdnQOrk069lvEPc
---

[0:55] Speaker 0: All right.

[1:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see here we got people in the VIP waiting room. We're gonna go live on Facebook and our CGA group just with our private clients if you're watching this recording bonus q&a Live

[8:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now we will let everybody in for those that are like in the waiting room wondering if you're watching that recording and what goes on behind the curtain. All right.

[12:31] Speaker 2: Here we go.

[13:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome on in how are you doing? How is everybody today? Welcome to our VIP session. And thanks everybody for being here. It looks like looks like there's a few people trying to come in on the waiting room still. I just went and grabbed some coffee. I am. Gosh, today it was exciting. I'm pumped. I'm pumped for this week I'm pumped for the rest of this week what we're going to be going over and and helping you put all these pieces together. So the way that this is going to work again, some of y'all have been on the VIPs with us the Saturday VIPs similar format is we take what we did in the session. And it's q&a implementation live lab anything can pretty much asked me anything. One thing I will ask I just usually say this at the beginning. If you are rude, nasty, heckling, whatever, you come on camera, and you're just trying to be be yucky, we will remove you from the call. So that's just that's does have to say that because we used to have a few people that they, you know, for whatever reason, they felt fulfilled by being rude on live calls. So either way, thanks for being here. I'm glad that you're all here. Raise your hand, if you have a question. You want to go over what we talked about. You want to talk about your offer copy. Yeah, I don't think that a lot of people here. But you know what I have had some people. It's usually right around day three or four of the VIP. that that happens. So. So yeah, raise your hand if you got a question. Don't be shy. I know sometimes the first question that feels like, oh, my gosh, I'm put on that spot. We'll do some hot seat time here. We'll answer your questions that will help kind of get you some clarity. Usually. Not a whole lot of questions come in on the first day. And then like, everybody's got a ton of questions on day 2345 and six. So because everybody, like kind of sleeps on it. And then they're like, oh, my gosh, what's up, Judy? I see your hand raised. How are you? Judy?

[50:27] Speaker 3: I'm well, thank you very much for what you and your team are offering. I just really appreciate how much value you give away for free. Your heart is just golden. Yeah, you're,

[52:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're welcome. Well, I Hey, I you know, I do this. Because a I love to see the results that happen with clients, but to it, for those that do become our paid clients. It's a great marketing process for us as well. It's very effective. So it's a win win is how I see it. What's going on.

[57:55] Speaker 3: So I have some courses that I've offered before. And I was listening to the alpha part that you were mentioning, if you have things that you've done before, but you want to try it using your methodology, God, how do you tell your clients you're doing something you've never done before?

[62:34] Speaker 1: I think it's exciting for people when you do something you never done before. I just had a conversation with my accelerator group about this. I said you know, if you're especially if you're selling something to existing clients, people who've already bought something from you, it's actually very important to make it very clear as to how what you're selling next is differentiated from what you already did before. So it's actually to your advantage to do something a little bit different as far as that goes. And we've found more often than not that it actually serves to kind of give you a boost in sales. Now this this can become this is like a side conversation for some of y'all. That is a technique to like massively boost your sales is you you offer one thing and then you kind of offer a different thing that's related to it, but it's obviously very different. Don't get overwhelmed though and feel like okay, now I got to come up with all these ideas every month and do that. You don't have to do that. And I wouldn't recommend that you come up with a whole bunch of new ideas once you really find the offer that resonates with your audience. and it starts to click, and it really it starts to become more on autopilot how the cash flow starts to come in. Once you find that, um, you really just kind of rinse and repeat and sort of make minor adjustments along the way. And that's what actually scales and grows things as far as that goes. So I don't know if that answered your question. But that's one part of it maybe helped me understand a little bit about what you're thinking? Well,

[86:55] Speaker 3: I have some things that I've offered over time, one of them is a nine month. It's a program, it's a class, but it's over a nine month period, if I wanted to say I'm doing an alpha version of that. You know, I've done it a certain way for a number of years, and I've gotten to a great community. But if I want to do something, I would just add some new content, new twists to it.

[94:00] Speaker 1: What I what I always look for is what are they really asking for the most? And we hadn't really talked about that yet. As far as this is the way that we figured out if you were already established, is I really keep my ear to the ground as to okay, what are the people that I'm connecting with asking for? What, what keeps coming up as either a problem or an issue? Or the same question keeps arising. And maybe I haven't directly done that. Here's a great example, in our accelerator program.

[102:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had never created a course on using zoom, I've been one of the first users of the Zoom software, before, I didn't realize they added all these features to zoom that made it really complicated and all that, and a lot of my clients were like, Hey, could you just teach us how to use Zoom. So I actually created a zoom course for our audience for the group. And it's a brand new course. But I also realized, whoa, there's a lot of stuff that I didn't even know how this works in zoom. And I didn't even realize people really did need a, an actual walkthrough on how to use this software. And so it's sometimes it's like, we don't know what we don't know, till we get into the weeds and we start teaching it, we start working with people on that. There's a few multiple layers to this. Let me say this, and I am more making a little bit of an assumption here. Um, what is there any sort of concern or worry about doing this process that you think? Possibly, okay, no,

[117:54] Speaker 3: I just, I was trying to take the day one content and go, Okay, how can I apply what he's saying to what I'm doing now? Yeah,

[119:48] Speaker 1: so what we really want to do, and that's where we're gonna go for the rest of the couple of days, is we want to actually kind of create an offer something that is going to get people on your email list, new people that you've never met before, something that's going to be used to, and yes, there, the replay of the VIP is available in the members area, and we'll even send you a link in an email once it's up there later tonight. All right. Um, your offer, it's, it's simultaneously used to grow your email list, because you want to have people like register for it. So that's one of the first things I know a lot of great coaches and mentors, they put a lot of stuff on YouTube for free podcast, stuff like that. But they're not growing this email list or community. So that's one of the things that we definitely want to make sure that we're doing then we use that as a mechanism to sell people on what the thing is that we want them to buy. And that's really an art in and of itself is the the the art of sales. And how do you call it and how do you do it without being sleazy, slimy, manipulative, yucky, gross, pushy, forceful all of that. Because how many of y'all have ever seen like a high pressure sales pitch that kind of makes you feel like you need a bath afterwards? Right? What's cool is the process that we do is none of that is we serve people really well. We actually give people the we actually sort of honor their agency, and we help people make the decision for themselves. Here's one of the first decisions I actually want people to make. And I talk about it often. I want people actually to say no to my offer before they say yes. So I'm actually trying to get people to say no, it's probably not for me, and said, I'm trying to convince people to say yes, because that helps me get really clear on who's not necessarily the best fit or a good fit. And by doing that, there's, there's a science behind why we're doing it. It's not because we don't want to help these people. Gosh, I truly want to help everybody. But when it comes to marketing and sales, there's a certain subset of people that's more profitable for our business. And until the business hits about $10 million, which most coaches and mentors are below that level, so it's like until you hit that level, which we built businesses to that level, until you hit about seven to $10 million a year in sales. Do you really want to focus in on one specific group of people and ignore a lot of the more fringe groups of people, some of the fringe people will come in. But your messaging needs to be lasered in on this one group of people, once it starts making like seven to 10 million a year, then I like to maybe add additional layers to it. And we start to branch out to an even wider subset of people as far as that goes. So that's kind of maybe a big picture of that. I think some of what you're looking for, we're going to answer to in the upcoming days as well.

[168:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Thanks, Judy. Hey, Benjamin, how are you?

[171:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's unmute your microphone here. There we go.

[174:05] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'm doing well. I appreciate this. Can you hear me? There we go. Okay. I appreciate what you're doing. I caught one of your earlier ones. I think it was last week. And it was on Saturday as well. It's really very helpful. I've I have I think I mentioned before I did, I'm living in South Africa. Okay, long story. I tried, I've been trying to build this coaching business. And like you said, it's, you know, I should have just stepped out sooner.

[183:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I just can't really move forward.

[184:50] Speaker 4: Exactly. I just stepped out last month with doing a an in person kind of group coaching thing at a local church. And I only had one person show up. Now, my gyla gave them two weeks to kind of, you know, get their act together. But I had it recorded. And the great thing about that is I now have the video of it. And I'm considering if that's something I can actually use as a product of some sort. But also if I can generate stuff based upon that. And I've been running it through clod.ai, which is another LLM. And I've had to generate the book text and a variety of other things just on the transcript. But is that something that works well, for what you're doing?

[197:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's actually exactly what I teach people to do is to really take a lot of the transcripts of your sessions, and I take q&a session transcripts as a kind of a big thing. So I take these Q and A's and I run them through chat GPT. As far as that goes. I will say though, for the marketing language that GPT for is going to be better than cloud is they did some testing, and I've been testing, it can now take a full transcript right in chat GPT just like Claude does, which is really cool. And so and if you get access to the playground, too, you can use up to 125 tokens, 1000 tokens, nearly the same amount that cloud allows now GPT four does as well. But the responses are a lot higher quality as far as when it comes to it really understands the coaching course, and marketing industry as far as chat GBT goes and so I like using that I think cloud is another great tool for using that. But I do that all the time, I use the the recording, to actually help me understand how my points break down a little bit. I use it to create maybe derivative work like ideas for YouTube videos, ideas. So like I might take this five day, I'll run it through chat GPT and I'll say okay, make me 20 ideas for YouTube videos. And now that literally becomes like, the ideas for my podcast for my content for the rest of the month. Just pulling one idea from that. And so I'm so one way I'll prompt it, I'll even say to Chad GBT analyze the whole transcript, make a list of all of the individual points that I talked about, and then identify from those original points, various types of videos that are related to it. And that's what's called Okay, a multi step chain of thought prompt, to where you can actually prompt it to do this task, then this task, then this task, then this task, and it will go in order, and do all of those with one prompt, which is really, really valuable and, and cool. One of my favorites is I take these q&a sessions and I say, Make me a list of all the questions that were asked, make me a list of all the topics that were talked about in the q&a. And that helped me understand the underlying possible worries, fears or frustrations that all these people have. And that helps me like really deeper into the mindset of people and then we pour that right back into our offer creation process that a tracks people that are very similar as far as that goes. And so that's why every single month if you're doing this this way, and we did this with with Rick Pino, chat GPT came out last year. Prior to that, though, Jasper AI was around. And Jasper aI had been around for two years. So I was using the same processes. The way I did it with Jasper is I would summarize the transcripts down to the length that the context length was because we only had a short context line. And I would have analyzed that the same exact way. And now it's like, 10 times easier with the current AI models, which is really cool. So, okay, you're on the right track with the thinking of that. And we're really gonna, how to make this into a tangible offer that grows your email list, and sells during these next couple of days. That'd be good. That's what my goal is. Yes, yes. I appreciate Yeah. Yeah. Tomorrow, I mean, we're gonna go straight into that. Like step one. So like today, it was kind of like, the intro into the five days, kind of laid the foundations as to the the psychology, the mindset, all of that. Now, we're gonna go into like the practical starting tomorrow, which is really cool. So, Okay, excellent. Awesome. All right, Tina, how are you, Tina?

[262:32] Speaker 5: I am doing great. I will thank you. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Okay, wonderful. So I am pretty much new to the coaching. Normally news with the coaching industry, okay, there's a specific target market that I want to go after. And I have my plan in place as far as how I want to reach out to them. But what I don't really have in place is how to craft that initial offer. I just don't know how to price it. I'm based in Canada, nobody discloses their pricing about anything anywhere. It's very hard to for me to craft that initial offer. And I'm in a ICF program. So I really want to get my 100 hours from my accreditation, but I don't want to devalue myself. And I remember I was on a call was about two weeks ago with with a coach who was just kind of helping out other coaches in the community. And one of them said that she has given up to three to four hours of free coaching time, and she's still not closing. And I don't want to do that I do not lie about

[281:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did over 400 free coaching calls, and barely close any sales doing that. It's it's a it's not an effective method.

[285:52] Speaker 5: I wasn't because my my experience is pretty much sales and being a strong closer.

[287:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, perfect. Okay, cool. So you understand that whole side of things? Yeah.

[288:48] Speaker 5: And I'm targeting the real estate, financial services industry already know what it's like to work very hard and lose 10s of 1000s of dollars in commission. Yeah, that was dragging your feet. And I don't want to do that. I don't want to go above and beyond the 15 to 30 minute initial call, the onus is on me to structure that call properly. So that I suppose Yes, I don't want to go past that. I absolutely, under no circumstances wants to give three free one hour sessions. Don't do that. So I want to get some ideas on how to like definitely, I don't mind crafting an initial offer where they're getting, you know, maybe three sessions or so at a lower value compared to my hourly rate. But after that, I'm not going to devalue myself and an offer free services or discounts for services unless you are buying, you know, hours, you know, in advance, like, certain packages or whatever. But I don't want to devalue myself by offering three for three to four hours of individual one on one sessions. So how do I craft a compelling introductory offer where I am getting enough clients so that I can meet my hours?

[310:13] Speaker 2: I'm listening. Oh,

[310:41] Speaker 5: somebody's speaking over me. Let's see. Here we go. Oh, yeah. So I just want to get some guidance on how to craft that initial offer so that I'm getting as many clients as possible and you know, I don't mind going above and beyond three hours at a discounted rate. But and then again, it's my responsibility to convert them to you know, getting a regular rate, but I just want some ideas as far as how to price that how to craft that that introductory offer.

[319:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why I usually split the idea of an offer into kind of two categories. One is like the lead gen category lead generation. And then the other is like what you're actually selling and the part where you make make the money off of side of it. And so help me get a little bit clarity, just from your background and what your offer is. As far as which stage, are you looking? For the most guidance on?

[326:29] Speaker 5: Hmm. Well, the initial HN okay. Yeah, perfect. Reaching out reaching out to do that initial

[329:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: offer, just and you've and you've had? I mean, have you had like, you've had clients already in this in this space? Right?

[331:41] Speaker 5: No, not in the coaching space. I am used to working in this industry in other capacities. And I'm having a lot of discussions about business, business development, planning engagement, but not as the actual coach. Okay.

[335:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, would you say that the desires needs and goals, though, are pretty similar?

[338:29] Speaker 5: Um, can you expand on that, like, my goal I want to offer I want to offer, the clients that I want to work with, I want to work with them to kind of help them essentially get unstuck in their current business and where they are in life. In the industry, especially since the pandemic, great people are pretty much love, they're not interested in talking to people about how their business is doing. They lie a lot about their numbers and things like that. And so my goal is to kind of be that trusted advisor that they can reach out to, to help them get an understanding as far as where they are in the industry, and to help them set goals and kind of keep moving essentially.

[351:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, and I do apologize, we already said this, is this in the in the real estate space? Or is this in?

[352:39] Speaker 5: In the real estate, financial services space?

[353:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, real estate, financial services, and they run a business. So are they are they? I'm not other than I don't I'm not super familiar with the space. So what we got to look at is like,

[358:13] Speaker 1: what are like, what are their business goals? And that's really every offer that you make always starts with? What's the dream if you had 100 of these clients in front of you right now.

[361:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, again, I'm not saying that they're going to work with you for a year, two years or three years to get a result. But just hypothetically, if they spent like three years getting coached by you, and you just blew their mind and made change their life with your coaching and the information, how would that change their future? And what would the future version of their business look alike? Right? Okay. So the offer that we actually create for lead gen. It's sort of, we sort of hype it, we hypothetically, but we travel into their future a little bit, and then shine a mirror on the possibility of where they can get to by working with you.

[375:26] Speaker 1: And that is the offer that they sign up for. And so what that is, is that's the language that we're actually going to use on the landing page. And that's the sales copy the written sales copy, that's going to then attract those people.

[379:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: To us. And so are you. Have you written a lot of sales copy before? Yes, I

[381:38] Speaker 1: have. Okay, so you understand sales, sales copy right now, with lead gen, especially with paid advertising, the algorithms use the sales copy to actually decide who to show the ads to now. And so where are we put like, most of our actual like day to day energy in our business, and actually optimizing that sales copy until it starts just bringing in leads like crazy for us. And so that's really the stage that I tell everybody to start with. And that's going to be the focus of the next two days of the content is I'm gonna actually give a whole step by step framework on how we craft the sales copy that's used effectively for the coaching industry. And we have a whole bunch of we have some prompts for chat, GBT that you can literally type in that actually develop those for you. Okay, based on who your your, your client is, so it's really, it's brainstorming what are their dreams? What are their problems that are stopping them from succeeding? Your author's intention is to agitate their problem. And what I like to do is do group sales and group conversations to where like you You're you're doing a presentation, where you have a group of people in front of you versus it being one on one, at least to qualify it. Now getting on a sales call is not a bad thing. I think it's a great thing, especially depending on the ticket or price of what your coaching is. But before you hop on a call with somebody for even 15 minutes, these methods of the initial lead gen offer qualify, who is actually going to convert to a sale, and who is just dragging their feet. And basically, we want to eliminate all the feet draggers from like even scheduling any calls with you at all.

[410:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this allows you to then really filter down the ones who can get results with you and are going to make an investment are the only ones that you talk to now, obviously, not everybody you get on a call is going to become a client. But if you do this, right, your closing ratio can be extremely high. I mean, percentages, all this depends on the person's skill set level. If you really qualify Well, I mean, you could get like a 9090 95% close rate, because you're not talking to anybody who's basically not already sold. So we're pre selling them before they even get on the call with you is basically the the process. Does that make sense?

[422:14] Speaker 5: So you're saying that in my initial marketing, my initial outreach to them, the call to action shouldn't be like a one on one call, it should be to like a group webinar session to further prequalify them.

[425:21] Speaker 1: Yeah, it could be it because if it's a one on one call, now you're you haven't like fully qualified them, you can still get away with not doing a group session. And the way I've seen people do this is they'll have us have like a got an extensive survey with qualifying answers. And if any of those answers are probably not a good fit for who's gonna become a client, they usually get redirected to like a pre recorded training, to kind of get the person up to speed and maybe re qualify them. And the concept behind this is the looping concept where Listen, not everybody that we sell to is a good fit maybe today, but they might be tomorrow. And so we don't want to talk to anybody who's not a good fit right now. But we want to

[438:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: either help answer their questions and a lot. And we want to automate a lot of this too, we don't want this to be a very manual process, to where you're like manually having to do a lot of this. And when it's set up, right, it works really well to where the people you're actually getting on the phone, they're actually ready to process payment versus get questions answered, you know, right. So. So that's, again, that's a little bit of a nuance to that. Now, sidenote, I like with coaching, I prefer not even doing one on one calls. In the beginning, it is valuable to do them because you can really dial in individually what people want. But I find doing group q&a sessions like this, it's kinda like I'm doing like 10 individual calls all at once. And I find that it works really well to do group sessions, and then sell a even like a group coaching program, instead of it being just one on one coaching with me, and that becomes a really good economic driver. All right.

[456:57] Speaker 5: That's really good advice. I'm trying to figure out how to price it though. But I think I should just take away with this. And then think about how I'm going oh,

[459:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, reoffer pricing, for pricing, especially if we're going to be running advertising, if you're not going to be doing ads you can do anywhere from like 97 to $500. If you are going to be running ads, you need to do at least $500 minimum because about 50% of that is going to probably usually go to your ad spend initially until it starts to click, and then the and then on average, you know, we usually get about eight to 10 times our ad spend even on like our bad months and our best months, we've gotten 36 times our ad spend, which is a really big return. But those same offers, only produced twice the ad spend initially when we started them. And that's the optimizing of the sales copy of the messaging. There's another factor when we're running paid ads, as we're actually training the algorithm. You can you can train the algorithm for the paid ads to show the ad to people that are similar to who already registered with you. And so that's that's what helps us get like, okay, initially it's like okay, one to 2x our ad spend. That's decent, but how do we get those like 1020 30x numbers? It's because we're creating this algorithm bucket and we're saying okay, fine, P People that are more like all these who registered, and the algorithm actually does a really good job of finding the right people for us. Which is cool. So that's where it just like, gets crazy. And you don't have to spend a lot of money on ads. And it's, it's just a, if you want to have new people, you can turn that lever up. If you if you if you want to just focus on the people you already have, and sell them additional offers, you can turn that off to for a few months. And that's where people get when they're when they're making multiple seven figures is where I usually see people that actually turn their ads off, sometimes for six to 12 months. And then they just literally sell more offers to the people they already have.

[492:25] Speaker 5: So that's right. Yep.

[493:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I like the approach of bringing in more new people, because that's kind of what I built my business around. And it keeps me sharp as to like what is happening in the marketplace, when I'm constantly bringing in new people as a part of why I do that more often than I even need to is because it helps me serve our audience much better to just cool. All right,

[500:41] Speaker 5: thank you so much for that information. This is incredibly helpful.

[501:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. And, and the next couple of days are going to be even, probably even even better. I'm going to think about your question, too, that you asked because I have a few more things that I'm gonna probably I'm going to talk about tomorrow, that I think will be really valuable as far as this goes. That's awesome. All right, Curtis, is it stoner stonor. Stoner Stoner? All right. Well, hopefully we're not to stones. I'm kidding. No.

[509:35] Speaker 0: It's not my thing. But I've been mad me either.

[511:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's going on Curtis? Well,

[511:46] Speaker 0: I didn't get a chance I had to cut out there the last on Saturday after the

[513:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: name disappeared at the end of it. I was hoping to take your question.

[513:55] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's all right. And I may be this may be, you know, a little preemptive, but so I get the whole point of not putting your whole course together, you spend all those hours and all that stuff and just for it's not feasible or just not going to work out? How do you pick and choose what information to put out there in your both alpha or beta? I mean, like, I've got my whole course pretty much laid out. Cool. But yeah, how do we because it's kind of in a hole. So like, for instance, give me a little background, I'm in the insurance business, not the most exciting business in the world. Actually,

[524:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: good money doing insurance lead gen A while back, so I

[525:26] Speaker 0: go for new, new agents. You know, within the first year, brand new agents, 80% of them are gone. They're out of business, right over the next year, another 80% of the remaining 20 are gone. And it's because they don't, they really just don't get it. Nobody really helps them well, and I know because I was there I was in I got in, and within like a year and a half I was gone. And then I got tucked into coming back. But I started thinking outside of the box instead of what everybody else was telling me what to do. And I've created this like system. So now I am literally agents in all sorts of, you know, Michigan, Kentucky, I've got two offices within 20 miles because we're so busy. And then we are a referral based business only I do not advertise. So but you in the insurance business, so I do Medicare annuities, life insurance, health insurance, but they all stem from one. So but you have to know all them. Right? You know, you don't have to start you can easily hit into the mid to high six figures in the insurance business if you just have the right path to follow. Yeah, so the system that we have, it is easily teachable. And it is really it's repeatable because I have agents doing it. Michigan, Kentucky, Texas, Mississippi. Yeah. I want to I see online on my Facebook I mentioned sure and all these insurance former and all these insurance forums. And it's always the same thing. Everybody struggling, because you know whether it's product knowledge, but mostly because of a lack of people to see and throw these money away at these stupid leads that it was sold to 37 other different agents, right. Yeah, I know just crap. So if we could teach that system What you know is that goes to the old saying, Give a man a fish feed him for a day teach him to fish and he can feed his family for life. But you can't it how do you pick and choose? What to give them in the alpha or beta? Because really it is the big picture that pulls it all together. Does that

[565:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: make sense? Yeah, gotcha. First one thing I'm gonna say listening to you. If I could literally transcribe what you just told me about your offer. It is almost word for word, how I would write the sales copy for a lead magnet, or your offer. Where you describe the struggle, the frustration, what you went to you through, you develop the system, all the crappy leads all of that. So that's actually one of the first stages of actually creating the offer sales copy is. And very interestingly enough, interestingly enough, how you described it to me, is like 99%, almost exactly how I would have you write it for a lead magnet was so which is actually really cool. So that's one thing, I just want to like, even validate the way that you communicate your offer right now, your community communicating to me in a way that's actually very effective for this business. So that's really cool. And I'm excited about that. Because not a lot of people do that the ones who do usually succeed a lot more than the ones who struggle to do that. Okay. The second part of it is we take a look at that frustration. That not and having the repeatable system creates for people. And you you focus in on one big idea, what is the dream that that group of people, right, Sam says, I'm interested in insurance. Now, even if you're not interested in insurance, hearing you talk about a Curtis, it's like, it actually makes people want to lean in and say, Okay, what's this guy talking about? And so actually, your offer is what creates that curiosity. It's what gets people to want to listen to you. And then you just level with them, how the industry is this how the leads are sold this way, most people don't know what to do. But you have a repeatable system that works that they can implement, and you're able to get them to install it into their business or start a business. And you're gonna walk them through that process. And that's, so that's actually, what I would build your offer around is exactly almost what you just told me right now.

[600:36] Speaker 0: So then, but when you get Okay, so then what do you I guess you would say is in your, because you're always right, you start with, I don't want to say a mini course, but a condensed version, to get it out there and get it running. And then you continually add to it.

[605:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the goal is to build trust with them. That's really and that's a factor that we hadn't even talked about at all, is the whole purpose behind any of these sales and marketing efforts, the currency of the coaching, of course, businesses trust and belief. And people trusting and believing that by investing with you that the problems that they've been dealing with are going to be solved. And that you're going to give them a repeatable system to solve those problems. Does that make sense? Yes, that's the sales part of it. What you actually deliver, because it sounds like you've been doing this for a while, right?

[618:00] Speaker 0: Yes, sir.

[618:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think you might even possibly be overthinking it, because you have the information inside of you. It's really just about kind of structuring it in a way of okay, we're going to teach this lesson here. We're going to start that way that way. And so this Saturday, that's what we had talked about as chat GBT is really valuable to kind of take the idea that you have and it can help you when you dialogue with it can help you structure what the modules are that you're actually going to give to people.

[625:40] Speaker 0: Right and I've done that

[626:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: used for that purpose. Okay, perfect. So then what helped me and again forgive me this is kind of when I work with people this back and forth conversation is what helps me really hone in on how to help you so what what's the area from what I just talked about that you've maybe find that you need a little bit more clarity on?

[633:15] Speaker 0: I guess I mean, I don't only because I've been in this field for so long. And I've seen so many people fail. And I can tell you right now that add somebody offered me a course like this back in my first year and a half. Yeah, I would have been I would have bought my own island by now. That's it, but that that wasn't there. And so it was, you know, learning the hard way. Yes. So, but it is a big picture. So I guess my, the ultimate thing is, is you have this big picture. Okay, you know, they say a picture's worth 1000 words. Yeah. How can you condense that? 1000 words into 250 to get it going? Yep.

[645:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or to your picture is what you're going to be selling. Like, your actual system covers the whole big picture. What we really want to identify is of those agents. Because, again, I want you to think about and this is a great example. When did you get started in this industry? 2006 2006. Okay, so 2006 version of Curtis, what a bought this made more money than God, right?

[655:12] Speaker 0: Like, no, not that. You

[655:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to have your own island? Like you said,

[656:00] Speaker 0: yeah, we'd have been at least hanging the same country club. There

[656:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. Yeah. And so really, what you're looking at is, what were the questions that younger Curtis had, that he didn't know how to ask? And what are the questions that you see that these agents have, and the problems that are actually stopping them? And what I look at is, what's the threshold, the action threshold of once they get it, we call it the epiphany moment, where is that moment where they finally like, the light bulb goes off, like, Oh, I've been doing this wrong, I just need to do this, this and this. So what we do is we identify, and I used to call it basically, we, we, we put lightning in a bottle, because that epiphany moment is like lightning strikes. And people finally realize like, Okay, what they need to do to move forward. What happens right before that epiphany moment is where the magic is. And you describe,

[672:43] Speaker 1: that's what your offer is, right here is your speaking to where the person is at right before they had the epiphany of a what they need to do, and then be their next epiphany as I need to invest in this program to actually make this work for me. And so it's really looking at where that person is on their timeline and their journey and their, their career. And then speaking to those problems, frustrations, struggles, dreams and goals that they have. And that's where you put your language. So even though your offer covers this big picture, we get real personal, down to a very specific type of agent that's most likely to buy this, and we speak to them where they're at over here. And that's how it gets specific.

[686:06] Speaker 0: Right, because right now, most struggling agents are eating ramen and hotdogs five days a week, and you literally

[687:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: would put that in your offer, are you eating ramen and hotdogs, trying to make your agency work couple months away from closing your doors doesn't have to be that way. You know, if I knew that, you could literally say if I knew this information, you know, when I had gotten started and you you just you talk about that. And then you share like the different agencies that you've helped and all of that, because what you're doing is you're really you're selling the dream you're selling the opportunity and what we what we do is, this is the big picture. But we condense it down by describing two things, the problems they're having and then the future dream that working with your program will create for them now obviously not all of them might not implement it, they might buy your program let it sit on the shelf because they're not really serious about the industry. I mean, that happens you know, but the ones who are serious and actually go through it what are their dreams that they are willing to make an investment move heaven and earth to make it happen? And that's the words that you actually kind of describe in that initial lead generation offer over here and and there's a process to doing that that's what we're going to be going over tomorrow and the next day

[708:37] Speaker 0: okay, so Yeah, cuz I also am going to reformat it a hair second time around and I'm great to pitch it to I MMOs and fmoS cool they can do it on an enterprise basis.

[712:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool that's awesome. I don't know what an IMO it let's see field marketing organization independent marketing organization. They're the

[714:24] Speaker 0: one to hold all the agents contracts they Okay. Basically a it's, you know, feast or famine

[716:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: is a type of insurance is it is it? What type of insurance are we talking about?

[717:42] Speaker 0: I do pretty much everything but home and auto online. Okay, home and auto interest.

[719:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, interesting. That's good. That's actually a good A distinction you would put in the offer PS, if you're in home or auto insurance, this probably isn't for you. This is for everybody else.

[721:55] Speaker 0: Right? I mean, I even had my securities license, and I don't do much of that anymore. Yeah, mainly focused on things that you're not subject to market volatility.

[724:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Yeah. No, that makes sense. That makes sense.

[726:04] Speaker 0: Very cool. All right. Well, I appreciate it.

[726:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely, I think I think you're gonna get a lot of value from tomorrow's session. I think everybody who's here is I'm excited to take basically what I'm what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the transcript from today. And I'm going to really kind of take a look at it and kind of map out we're going to talk about tomorrow, based around a lot of the questions that have been asked around this idea of how do we communicate that offer, so I'm excited for that. Candy, how you candy.

[734:25] Candy: Very good. Thank you love this. Love, love, love, love how you're encouraging us to do what we already need to be doing. And we don't want to say should have, but this is good. Move forward. So,

[737:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, I know, I know, we're at the top of the hour here. I want to take the questions that are here. If you gotta go, we can take your question. Tomorrow. You can also post it either in the chat and I might be able to take it real quickly. But I do want to at least take everybody's got their hand raised so let's go on on candidate Yeah,

[743:04] Candy: yeah, I'm gonna say it fast. But I noticed that Sam was on here before me. So does she if she has a question I'd rather her okay.

[744:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. What's up, Sam? How are you?

[745:48] Speaker 7: Oh, my God, that was so nice. I'm great. How are you? Good. Thanks, candy. I'll make it quick. It's a it's a short one. Okay, so Okay, so I worked in video games, I was super burned out. And now I build a coaching business helping people who are burned out. So most of my a lot of my clients are from the same industry. Oh, wow, I still kind of struggling go around like Who exactly my target is. I don't know that I, it feels a little bit confining to kind of market directly to people specifically in games or even like, kind of creative tech industries. But am I casting too wide a net? If I go age range only, like I'm looking sort of people who are looking to be leaders, but they're sort of in that middle tier?

[758:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I think that that's I think that that's great. By the way, I think that's really cool. I mean, I I'm a gamer myself, so. That's awesome. But I also know there's a lot of there's a lot of burnout, there's a there's a very dark side of the industry that is just now being talked about. I think it's really sad. Some of the stuff that I've read, I'm like, like that's abusive to people. Yeah. Anyways, sorry. But like, there are people that and here's what I would look at the experience of the people that you want to work with, what are their stories? What are their experiences that they have dealt with, that they feel is stopping them from stepping into that leadership role that they want to get to in their life? So we really want to speak to that, as we as we want to speak to that journey. And here's one of the cool things is, as I would say. And what was what was your role in the in the in the video game industry?

[776:32] Speaker 7: I was a recruiter. So I worked with a lot of different people if we could kind of coach hiring managers.

[778:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I gotcha. Very cool. So one of the things that I look at as again, a lot of how we coach people, I take a look at coaching very much similar to like, how you would play a video game, like you're, you're growing in your experience, you're the like, the whole quest line idea, basically role playing games as a perfect archetype of the coaching industry. And so it would be kind of fun and authentic for you to bring a little bit of that into your marketing, especially if you find the age range that you're looking for. But then you don't make it like just for that industry. It's more of a like a like a like, it's like the dressing on what you're doing versus like the main focus is as far as that goes, right? Yeah. So that what you want to do is you want to speak to okay, what are those dreams, that the people that you're going to coach have? And we create an offer that is going to speak to the experience that they've had, you really want to speak to in your offer the pain? You really want to speak to the frustration, especially you really want to speak to and what's the age range specifically that you're looking for?

[797:34] Speaker 7: It's kind of that like, pre leader or early leader so like, I would say 30 to 40 ish.

[799:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. 30 To 40 ish right there. And so again, we What I found what that demographic a it's my age demographic, we're kind of skeptical of what we see on the internet. So keep that in mind. So the more authentic and transparent the better. And even then you'll still have the haters. I mean, here's the thing. There's, there's a ton of, if we're talking about the coaching industry, there's a ton of documentaries on Netflix and stuff that make it look like terrible, it makes the coaching industry look terrible. There's a lot of bad coaches out there that give the industry a bad name, too. So when I look at, as I understand, that's what people have experienced. That's what people see that's out there. So we really need to honor some of that struggle that people have. And then say, Okay, listen, this is not just another boring leadership class. This isn't just regurgitated stuff from a John Maxwell book that I read somewhere, you know, this is actually time tested, true stuff that's going to help you

[817:33] Speaker 1: progress in your career, create, and you want to think about what are the driving motivators, it goes back to what I said, What is that dream that they have? What is that future that they can see for themselves. And I, I liken this to just being able to envision, that's why I love even the model of Lord of the Rings is such a great example, is because Frodo saw himself throwing the ring into Mordor before he ever did it. And that dream of I need to do this to save humanity, drove him to go through all the crazy things that he did in the story. And that's the exact thing that we actually need to do with our offers, as we need to speak to what is that ultimate dream where people are getting so for instance, for me, I'm selling the dream, I truly believe every single person, I believe that, Sam that you can create a highly profitable coaching an online course business by applying these methodologies. Now, is it easy? Is it automatic? Is it guaranteed? No. I mean, it's like, it's probably one of the hardest things that people set out to do. It actually really is, it's not the easiest thing in the world. But it is simple to put the pieces together. And if you can stay consistent, you can help that happen. So that's a big part of my messaging, is painting the picture for where I can take somebody. And so you want to paint the picture of where you can take them, and what's stopping them from getting there. And you really want to anchor it to the problem and the future that you're painting. And then, and this is the part that I think is it's a little bit risky, but it's the most important part, it's actually very risky. But it's the most important part, every coach or course grader needs to promise

[848:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: to give it their very best shot to be able to help that person accomplish that dream. And that's and again, and I do that with confidence. That's why I say I started that. And a lot of what I do is a model that people can duplicate as I as you really have to like, be willing to put your reputation on the line to say, Hey, listen, I can help you get to where you want to go. And I in fact, I will work with you to help you get there. Now they can choose to drop off or not. But that creates that trust in you that okay, you're committed. Now it's ready for them to make a commitment as well. Okay, all right. Okay. Yeah. Was that helpful? Yeah,

[859:09] Speaker 7: thanks. Yeah, I think, okay. Yeah, bringing the Games in, but not like making that the iron.

[861:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and process a little bit about what I talked about. And what we're going to talk about, again, tomorrow is going to be a big piece of kind of tangibly how we put that together. It's really, I'm excited because literally what I was planning to talk about tomorrow is what all these questions are about. So it's super cool. Oh, yes. All right. Candy, what's up candy?

[867:48] Candy: And thanks. Oh, you're welcome. No problem, Sam. I'm gonna try to make this really snappy because I talked to you yesterday. And so I wrote down notes, the problem and etc. So I have two things going on the life coach, Destiny life coach, which is, what are their dreams in that is to be in a career that they love. Because they probably don't like it, where what they're doing is quite depressing or stressful. That's the problem. And how would they change? How would it change their lives? It would change their lives because they could do what they love because less stress less no depression, etc, and then make a difference in their life. Basically, you said what's making it, see what's stepping what's stopping them from getting there. I think it's because they have to, like live paycheck to paycheck. And so I want to help them with that. But then I also have the organizing design that I've been doing for 25 years, which makes my definite money. So that's hence is why I haven't stepped into predominantly coaching. So should I combine? Should I do two separate things right now to keep the money flowing in from what I'm used to making money on? Or should I just jump in and do the coaching?

[888:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you don't have another income source? I mean, I don't want you to be homeless, so I'm

[889:39] Candy: going to be homeless, I'm good with my bills. Okay, good. Yeah.

[890:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, you know, we definitely have to make money pay for our bills, it's, it's definitely hard to build something if that's if that's a factor. But I have found that if we split our focus across two different things, one is definitely going to get more of our energy versus the other to be effective. And I have seen that when you really do jump all in into the coaching space and doing that, and the course creation space, that it unlocks a lot of creativity and people and that was a big thing that even had to happen for for me was that so really, I think this is also a more of a personal question, for you to decide, do you need to continue doing that organizational business to bring in the money and what you might do. And what I like to tell people is if you do continue to do that, get the coaching business to where it's making about 50% of the revenue of the other business, and then start to shut down certain levels of that business and balance your energy across the two to finally pour all in to, to the one that you're doing. I had to do that myself. Because when I when I started this after I stopped working with my mom, um, my my income went to zero. And so I had to make money because I just got married, I'm like, okay, and we and we bought a house to in Arizona, we ended up selling the house moving to Austin. And we rented a place here in Austin. And how did I make money? Well, I ran Facebook ads created sales copy created offers for a number of clients for a couple of years. So a that was also why my coaching business was only kind of bringing in about 500 to $1,000 a month. But the Facebook ads business I was making like 10 15k a month. So we were doing really good as far as that as like a services business. I'll tell you this, though, it was the most stressful burnt out thing that I've ever done was running Facebook ads for people and doing another sort of marketing agency. And so I was like working as fast as possible to stop doing that, and to focus in on the coaching business. And so that's when I found once my coaching business was making more money than my doing consulting was I immediately. Basically, I got rid of like three of my clients. And we parted ways amicably. You know, they also saw I was really leaning more in this direction. And it was it was a great, it was a great transition. But I transitioned it by doing that. And the month that I decided, okay, I'm making more in this than I was with these consulting clients, as soon as I went all into the coaching that tripled in revenue for me within 30 days, which was crazy. Because all of my effort now and energy was focusing on growing my business versus somebody else's as well. And so So, yeah, there's a practical aspect to it of, you know, bringing in cashflow revenue, but at the same time, you know, we do have to take the leap, we do have to decide to do that I kind of like you know, as the one grows, you start to pull back on your obligations with the other and that's that's a that's the approach at least that I took. It's different for everybody, I think, though. So

[946:38] Candy: then just lastly, I guess really, really fast is that so I'm with you, I'm having my assistant, get me started with the Destiny life coaching, which is what I'm calling it I have everything like, like, way more I'm way overqualified, like all of us on this call, like think is what you're saying, like we already have everything, we just need to jump and do it. So I'm going to go ahead and do this offer and so to streamline it tomorrow in the next day is going to help us to streamline the offer ever since I know the problem and I know that I know what I want to give them. I know Yeah, I knew all those things. So that's gonna help us streamline it. I'm like, I'm ready

[956:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: to just like kind of give you all that but we would be here for like another hour and a half.

[957:25] Candy: Great. So I'm excited tomorrow is

[958:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna really focus in on that what I'm excited to see is what questions I'm out of tomorrow session for you guys. Because I think it's going to, I think it's going to give you the clarity. And I'm going to give you it's a very simple process to do this, um, that it's going to really like, open up the ideas that a lot of people tell me that usually on day two and three of this an event like this that we ran, that suddenly they have ideas for like, Okay, the next couple of steps after, and they get unstuck as far as that goes. And so that's what's probably gonna happen is a lot of clarity. All right,

[969:44] Candy: I'm ready for it. I'm excited. And thank you. Appreciate you all be on there tomorrow. Thanks.

[970:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exciting. All right, Lance, what's up, Lance? How are you? I'm

[972:30] Speaker 2: good. Jeremiah, excuse my camera being off in here they have kind of coming in and out. And I apologize if this question has been has been asked earlier. I just wanted to if you can just kind of give me some insight on the offer copy. I

[976:40] Cassandra McKissack: think it was the offer, copy the sales copy, and then the sales letter. Yeah.

[978:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's actually a book that's behind me called The Ultimate Sales Letter. Right here. And this is one of my favorite books on this topic. Um, it was really interesting. When I first read this book, I had already been doing what this book is teaching. But I found that it helped put it into like a step by step way. So there's two books that I recommend to everybody that are my clients. This is one of those when it comes to putting together your offer. And it's really it starts with understanding and getting into the mind of your target client, understanding what they're going through, what keeps them up at night? What are their fears, what are they angry about, there's a lot of emotionally charged aspects to this. And so then what we do is this turns into a written language, that so like a sales letter is if we take a look at right here, this would be a an old fashioned sales letter that you would either mail this to somebody or email them the way that we do sales letters. As far as this business goes, this, this is a sales letter right here. So this page that you actually registered on is a sales letter with written words that describe what it is that is actually being delivered. But it's written in a way that is persuasive. It is triggering in a positive way for the right people, it also detracts the wrong people. And it tells the algorithm if I'm running paid ads, who to show the ad to so it does all of that, with these words that are written right here. And so that's that, again, that's going to be our focus for tomorrow, is developing that out and we use, we use chat GPT to actually come up with that. We actually use the AI in here to do that. Now out of the box. The AI isn't very smart, it's kind of dumb. It's not very effective, it's really useless, to be honest. And that's been most people's experiences with using AI. But if you know how to there's a there's a chain of prompting where if you basically you tell it one thing and then you ask it a series of questions, it helps pull out of it much higher quality results. And that's what we use to actually develop a lot of our sales copy is doing that their sales letters everywhere on the internet today, if you go on Facebook right now. And I'm just I'm going to click on this Facebook ad right here. This is sales copy right here. These words that are on this page right here. Okay, let's go let's let's look at another Facebook ad create books in minutes. This is sales copy. The words that are written on the page is sales copy. And so we use the AI to actually come up with this and and we've done split testing, whether it be me writing the sales copy, or using the AI assisted the AI assistant sales, copywriting is beating any sort of sales copy that's written just by somebody else. And that's one of the main benefits of the artificial intelligence is really good at writing persuasive language that both gets people to register. For that gets people to register, whether it be online and sign up for what we're offering. So that's what we're doing is as effectively when you're creating an offer, we want to create these pages and we split it up into two different pages. That's why I actually drew this how this is. This first one is going to either be it's going to be free or it's gonna be under $27. Okay,

[1042:04] Speaker 1: this next one, I recommend you charge at least 500 to $2,000 for over here, and this is your paid program. So basically, there's two sales letters. One is the initial one that grows, your email list connects with people.

[1046:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: people you've never met before are going to register for this, there's a lot of people that are on here today, I've never never met, you never talked with you, you signed up through the free offer free page. The paid offer, that's the paid course, that's the paid coaching program, that's kind of the main thing that you're leading people to make the decision to enroll in. And again, like I said, one of one of our most important jobs is actually getting people to decide that it's not a good fit to work with us. And that's one of that's one of the things is if you do it effectively, that will bring the cost of your advertising down and increase your sales by really understanding who's not a good fit. And then you build the offer around who actually is who ends up buying and it becomes optimized, the more people you connect with, the marketing actually gets better. It's it's a, it's an it's a, it's not self improving, because you're doing it yourself. It's it's an iterative, like improving language process. So version one of your marketing today versus like, next year, my marketing language, how I communicate with people, the words that go on my sales letters have improved over the last two years, and really focusing on who I love to connect with who's a really good fit. And a testament to that, as all these questions that have come in in the VIP today are exactly aligned with what we're gonna be talking about tomorrow. So that actually is data to me, that shows me okay, we really aligned with the right group of people, which is awesome. So and we'll dive deeper into that tomorrow. Does that help a little bit? We're gonna break down the sales copy and sales letter writing tomorrow.

[1075:25] Cassandra McKissack: Yes, and yes, it does. So are they all three different entities, Jeremiah, and the offer copy, sales copy? And then the sales letter? Are they different things?

[1079:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: They would they would be pretty much the same thing, different ways of describing them. They can be different if you're mailing it direct mail. Or if I'm emailing you may be that. But they really just are a way to describe the same type of thing. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. Definitely. Mark, Mark Phelps, how are you mark?

[1086:49] Speaker 2: Mute? Unmute Jeremiah. How are you? Thank you. Good. Your, your session is off the charts. Good. I want to apologize to Tina earlier, I had my microphone, unmuted while she was trying to talk to apologize for that. I know we're at the end here, Jeremiah, I'm going to try to be really, really succinct. I'm definitely at the beginning stages. My background is actually coaching basketball. And I've done it for over 30 years, in over 20 years at the at the elite level, in college Power Five level. So I have the experience, the expertise, the organized content, the stories, and I need to really narrow things down. I've been kind of at this, I've been out of coaching actually, for about four years, I've been doing every imaginable basketball thing. I need to use my expertise and really focused at where I can scale and best impact and then and then monetize that impact. So the space is unique. And I just you know, I have two questions and I'll throw those out. And maybe I'll give some context but the first one is just what should my first offer be? Should it be a course again, I have organized content in every imaginable category for coaches from youth the middle school to high school to the highest level of college. Coach

[1112:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: sports coaches know how to coach

[1112:48] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. And specifically I would say because of the the you know, how things are specialized in college basketball coaching at the college level. Let's say we're you're at the University of Texas is going to be completely different than coaching football there. So like for instance, I know Coach Terry there at Texas I know you know, just about everyone in this space. Yeah. So, so I really want to be able to do it for, for basketball coaches, that's where I have the most experience and confidence at the same time. Yeah, at the same time, though, just scale it and to do it well, I think I have to go down into the high school ranks. I personally didn't play in college, but I was able to make a transition from coaching high school, through college. And really, you know, do I do a course? Or do I do a coaching slash mentoring offer? And then the lat that really, the question is, because I feel like my space is so specialized, you know, what principles should I really focus in, in the next week? You know, to point me in the right direction, the last thing there is, you know, in addition to coaches, I have the ability to do consulting for players and parents, it's a whole space where there are parents, as we know, willing to do just about anything resource wise for their kids, let's say, you know, produce a protocol, a plan of attack, a blueprint for your middle school kid to give to optimize its chances to make the high school basketball team and then from high school to do that same thing in college, and I've had to come from an organized clients for lack of a better term, just people that have reached out and they say, Look, can you guide us through this process? So, you know, between coaches, players, and parents? Who should be my target? Do I do a course to start? Do I do coaching and mentoring the start, I'm getting ready to do some, some YouTube videos, just because I have a passion to help coaches. There's so many things in coaching, basketball, so many soft skills that people don't realize before they get into X's and O's and creating a practice plan. So but I have enough to do it. And I want to do an excellent job. But I need to really narrow down my focus in for some things in the top of the funnel and get it down to where it's pinpointed. Okay, so,

[1156:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of the first things to do is establishing yourself because you bet you you have this, it's a very unique niche, we want to would want to like establish the personal brand of what you're doing the identity of, okay, you're going to help and you're specifically going to be helping these coaches, right, not the students.

[1162:29] Speaker 2: Okay, well, again, that's where I get, that's where I get spread out, because I do have the Oh, help. Plan, okay,

[1164:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome, then that will be even more holistic as far as that goes. And that's where maybe you have a higher level program that's for like, the coaches, and then you have like, more like the workshops and stuff for students and things like that. Um, are you familiar with Tim? Tim Grover brand? Oh, yeah,

[1169:27] Speaker 2: sure.

[1169:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's like, it's kind of like you would sort of really, that's a model of kind of like, how you would position yourself is is that way, very similar to how Tim has just in your space, specifically, the college and high school level, as far as that goes, because it is it's very niche, but there's a huge need and, and with your with your track, record connections, and experience and your knowledge that you have, what we want to do though, is we package something that's going to attract these people to actually want to hire you. And so if they find, let's say, an ad on social media, or a video on social media or something, and now they want to take the next step, basically, they're going to check you out, they're going to see, okay, what's this guy all about with? So everybody does that. And then from there, they're like, Okay, let's see what he has to offer. And that's where you create something that's either low cost or free, that gets people in to just see what your methodology is. And then from there, you sell them on a program that could be 1000 2000, upwards, even 10 to $20,000. And I think that for the coaches, I think that even that price point would wouldn't make sense. 510 20,000. Now, especially if we're going into even a professional level college for sure, would would be the there's a huge upside as far as that goes. Interestingly enough, my client that I had worked with, he had sold a spiritual coaching program, Joshua Giles, but he also taught baseball coaching, he coached the major league level, and he sold some courses and coaching and his rate was about like 15,000 per client and basically he would say, he focused in on pitchers and he would help you basically say I can add 10 to 15 miles an hour to your pitch you Guaranteed, no matter where they were, no matter what level they were at, and he coached a world, the World Series, Mets team, he like the different pitchers on there. And his whole methodology is amazing. He pivoted to like completely different niche and is actually what he's, he's focused now on being an itinerant minister. That's what he's doing. Because he liked he just like, that's really great. Feels called to. But he drew from that world. And he was actually very successful in that. And what what we developed out was you want to, again, really sell that dream? And that's what it is. What's the dream that you're selling to these coaches that they want to get to? Do they want to go from high school to college to college to Pro?

[1212:10] Speaker 2: There's, there's so many, so many storylines, and so many, for instance, yeah. Then there's, you know,

[1214:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: get into the corporate world and being an executive in the corporate world. All that, yeah. There's a lot of ways that this branches out. So you're

[1216:56] Speaker 2: itemizing my, my problem, which is, you know, which direction do I start? And do I use a low hanging fruit right now, I consult a high school, I work with youth coaches, for instance, like I'm watching some youth coaches, Coach kids, and I'm like, Really, like they're unequipped. They don't have the tools, they don't have the soft skills they write, you know, you know, so there's, there's so many different areas. And then, and then the lower you go, the more potential clients there are, for instance, there gonna be a lot more potential clients for a youth coach, or a parent and player who want to optimize their basketball. Yeah, then there are going to be, you know, a college, a college coach, if I any the, you know, they could Google me in two seconds, and remember who I was, you know, be who I was, you know, where I coach, you know? And so then, but some of those are like, Why am I going to pay Mark Phelps, when I have, you know, a group of friends, we can get together every Saturday on a right,

[1234:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. And so that's, that's an interesting thing, the economic driver, you're gonna probably because like you said, they already have access to different people to ask questions, get the mentorship and stuff like that. You might have a few of them jump in. But I think your monetary side is going to probably come from the lower level, as far as the people who don't have access to that, because that's really what they're paying for. They're paying for not just coaching with you, but they're also kind of getting a little bit of insider access to a world that they've only dreamed of. And I think that that's another selling factor for you, as well as to be able to do that. I briefly. I googled your name, too. I was like, Yeah, this guy has he knows everybody I can tell. That's awesome. Don't believe. Don't believe half. Oh, yeah. Anyway, I'm more I'm more of a football fan. But I love watching March Madness, at least so

[1249:30] Speaker 2: well, again, and I've been in I've had the whole imposter syndrome. Like, there, you made a comment earlier. And this is exactly true. There are people out there right now Jeremiah with a fraction of my expertise, in my experience, making a lot of money. And I'm like, I'm over here, you know, grinding it out, still doing physical things at 57. Working guys out on the court, and that's fine. I love it. But like how do I how do I scale? How do I impact Now granted, it is impact. I mean, I got this thing a long time ago, I had no idea I was in college. I got in this a long time ago to impact the lives of young people and to compete. That was my why, you know, after your playing days are over, you can still compete in coaching, we compete and recruiting on the court. So I need to I need to get a start. You know, I've been active on Twitter, been doing a little bit on on Instagram, I'm going to start started doing these videos, I really think the videos can impact especially the youth coaches, middle school coaches, high school coaches, but I need to get an offer out there, I have a lot to offer the right person. I can I can I can pitfall avoidance them, I can give them best practices that give them standards of excellence in every area. And I just I need to narrow it down and get a start. I've talked to lots of lots of people do this, do this, do this, do that. And I came across you I love your approach. So I'm going to be here the next week, and I'm sure I'll pick some stuff up.

[1273:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. And I'm thankful that you're here. And I'm gonna I'm gonna think a little bit about what you talked about for tomorrow. Don't be surprised if there's a few specific examples that I might pull in that you can apply. As part of it goes though, is like I always think of it this way. There's a wide world of people out there that don't know who you are. Or maybe they know your name. but they don't they don't they don't not connect it with you. They don't know, okay? Am I do I want to make an investment in my time energy? Can I trust this guy, that he's gonna really help me now What now, you're probably a lot more easier to validate your experience than most people as far as that goes. So that's really cool, that's a huge advantage for you, you probably have a lot of really nice things that people can say about you that you can put on a landing page to about working with you, you can find some people to say that. So that's, again, an economic advantage to even most people that are starting. So what we want to do is we want to identify just really like what are those key areas that either students would have that coaches would have? And, okay, now this becomes, I can see your conundrum, you got all these different areas, we want to identify which one is kind of going to bring in more people than the other. Because there's like, there's like 20 different topics that I can even market my business around. But I've identified the two or three topics that really bring the right people in front of me better than all the others. And so that's where some of the testing comes in. We start with using the AI to help us at least come up with some of those ideas. So that's the first stage we kind of input like, okay, what are you teaching? What's the demographic? And the AI? I like to tell it? Okay, you know, imagine that you're a consultant brainstorm. Again, I'm gonna I'm gonna walk us through this process tomorrow, but one of it is brainstorm the most profitable topic that would pull in the people that would make an investment in this niche, and what it identifies as, okay, well, this topic might actually be more profitable than this one, because XYZ right here, right now, we got to validate that by testing it, that's a huge part of it is actually validating it by testing it, putting our offers out there, getting real people to see if they're going to sign up for it, because that's the thing. I've come up with great ideas with chat GPT. And then nobody registers for it. And I'm like, Okay, well, I thought it was a good idea. But the marketplace told me, maybe they're not interested in that. And usually, I have to pull a step back and make it a little bit more simpler. A lot of our offers are usually going to be spoken in very simple language, easy to understand language, something that people if they're just skimming or scrolling on social media, they can get a quick picture of Oh, wow, this guy is going to help me do that. So, again, what I would focus in on is my gut sense, is that helping other coaches, and the parents are this this, it's two different types of things. I think parents might be investment for their students.

[1325:35] Speaker 2: For kids, but yeah, so I've done some from where I would best help coaches is the high school coach who wants to get to college, and the young college assistant coach who's trying to make a climb. I mean, I have some in 2018 2018, I was named number five, number one recruiting assistant in the country, back, so I have some credibility there. Yeah, the problem is the high school coach trying to get the college or the young college coach, they don't have the resources to invest in the coaching that would really benefit them. And that's why I'm leaning back over toward the parent, there's so many parents who would be willing to invest in there, I know what we do for our kids are 13 and 14. And they and they run I know what we do for them. I know the money we shell out for them monthly, they might

[1339:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: they might they might have they might have their family might pull together the finances to pay for you to you know, there's a lot of factors when you're going with the student as far as that goes, you know, there's so there's, these are things that really, it's kind of like

[1344:01] Speaker 1: I would like to try both offers for you see which one works best. Um, they're both really and I think you might want to kind of combine the two together to as well as I'm gonna

[1347:12] Speaker 2: do a I'm gonna do a weekly newsletter that addresses I'm going to I'm going to touch coach, I'm gonna do a topic for coaches, a topic for players and a topic for parents, but a weekly newsletter, and I'm also thinking about doing some freesumes for college coaches or high school coaches, you know, covering I mean of sundry of topics as well. So now, that being that sounds like testing is a big deal for me. Yeah,

[1353:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say players might be one of the lower niches that might not I think parents that have a player and then the coaches are gonna be like your top two though, for sure. Right. Then

[1357:17] Speaker 2: I come back to wanting to make an impact. My desire for players is to really help them hey, look, yeah, high school basketball team. That's where I school coaches thinking

[1359:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where though. So what I always like to look at, and that's really a conversation I have with a lot of people that love they want to make an impact is we have this desire to make an impact, especially at scale online and stuff like that. But we also to make an impact, we got to get the economic machine working. And so I like to start with the economic machine, get that running, then you pour that into the impact after the economics are working. I see a lot of people make a mistake, because they focus in on the impact first, and then the economic machine never gets built. And then they're not impacting anybody either. But hey, they're they're doing their best, you know, and it's

[1370:52] Speaker 2: right. No, love it. Love. Yeah, absolutely.

[1371:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: economic factor is I think, gonna be one of the places you want to start. And you can still have impact that way. Because here's the other thing to the parents and the coaches, you're gonna pass on your your impact messages to them. And that's going to trickle down to these players,

[1375:38] Speaker 2: too. So, yeah, it thank you for your time. Yeah, totally. About the rest of the week, on a ton on here. So thank you.

[1378:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. That's great. Okay, one last. Cassandra helped me understand your question here real quick. What you mean by this? And it looks like Sandra Campbell. She left she had several questions. But Cassandra McKissick, you had asked the question, does it normally take two and a half to three months to do a landing page? I don't understand that question. Sorry, helped me understand a little bit.

[1387:59] Cassandra McKissack: Hear me, listen. Um, yeah, that's what someone told me that I wanted to do a landing page and said, it takes two and a half to three months to do a landing page. So I didn't know if that was normal. I didn't think it was but I don't know. Because you know, I'm brand new in this. So can you give me some direction?

[1392:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, testing can take time. You can I can, you can get a landing page done in as short as a couple of days. But I always I know people that they've taken five years to get their landing page done. So it's really just about how long do we want to take to perfect it make it perfect things like that. If somebody's gonna say they're gonna take three months to build your landing page, I would try to find somebody else, at least.

[1398:54] Cassandra McKissack: Exactly. That's what I thought because, you know, I want to get up and running. So I was shocked. The person even told me that they were going to do the Facebook ads also, but they were saying the landing page takes a lot of time. So I just wanted to make sure that this is someone I should go for or just go for the next person. So okay, well,

[1405:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, it's also it could also be maybe they didn't have the capacity to do it at that time. Or they just don't want to, they might be telling you that because they don't want to do it. I don't know. I can't tell you either way.

[1408:32] Cassandra McKissack: No problem. I mean, I'll just keep it moving. But I just wanted to get in an idea. And I wanted to ask you again about MailChimp. I know you said here's a better product product I can use. I was having trouble bringing in the person that was going to do it. I was having trouble bringing an end to share the Squarespace you know, they need to be able to get in to do it. And they were having trouble getting into my Squarespace to do you know, the landing page and and all of that.

[1419:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so yeah, so so for that you got to give them if it's in Squarespace, you got to give them like administrative access to the Squarespace site. And so like,

[1421:59] Cassandra McKissack: I didn't even see that I didn't see where that was even offered. Maybe I didn't get far enough in the Squarespace to make that happen.

[1424:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's right here. It's under Settings, and then permissions. And then this is where you can invite a contributor and you put in their email address. And then you give them access. You scroll down here and you give them administrator access, or website editor access right here in Squarespace.

[1429:25] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, I see. Yeah. Now let me ask you one more question real quick. So now champ you even if you have the paid version is just you feel like it's under it's just not a good product to use. Even wheelchairs landing page builder.

[1434:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not set up to work very well with Facebook ads is the issue. It can work. And but it's I wouldn't recommend using their landing page builder.

[1437:10] Cassandra McKissack: No. Okay. Okay, good. All right. Thank you for that information, right? Yeah, definitely.

[1438:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don Yeah, what's up, Don? Yeah. How are you? you're muted.

[1442:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, you're still muted if you can unmute yourself.

[1443:19] Donya: Hear me? Hey, hey, was I? Did you hear anything? Oops, no, I'm sorry. I thought it was unmuted. I saw you this morning for your whole, you know, coaching call this morning, but I had to work. So I missed what you just did. So I'm just coming in at the tail end. But I saw that somebody brought up Eileen Wilder, and she was freaking out. And I just have a quick question for you. So Eileen, Wilder did say I heard her say it the other day, because I was listening to her. And she said, you want to you want to provide a transformative experience, bull for your event, virtual or live or whatever, you know, to lead into your bigger offer. Okay. So for for someone like myself that works with heart transformation. And I'm having a hard time because you had said, I'm trying to put her thought together with something you said earlier, you said that, you know, you're like when you did your five day webinar, that's how I met you recently, and you said, you know, you want to give people something that you're going to offer in your bigger offer. It's just going to be some part of it. And I'm having a lot of mental stuckness regarding the thought of give them some something that you're going to offer over here and your bigger offer, but yet have it be transformative. Does that question make sense?

[1471:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it that you don't want to like give it away and cannibalize your paid offer?

[1473:03] Donya: It's how do I have something be transformative at a heart level? Because that's what I'm dealing with? Right away? Yeah, I gotcha. How do I do that? Um,

[1475:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I think that, so there, again, there's a, I think some things is like they can be on a spectrum. So like, heart transformation is definitely on a spectrum of like, depth of heart transformation. And I there's, there's a lot, there's a level of heart transformation that happens in a group that listen, I gosh, I have had my entire life changed by group training and coaching with the right way that it's structured. As far as that goes, um,

[1485:12] Speaker 1: it might be different, especially if you've been doing one on one coaching. That's where you figure out what really is that like, moment that brings the sort of Epiphany, the aha moment that people have, and you bring that to people in your free offer. And what I like to say is that we really, we start the journey of sort of, I tell people, it's not that I'm doing these events and their marketing and all that, sure, by structure, that might be what it looks like. But really, like when somebody is in a five day intensive with me, that's the beginning of me working with them to bring the ultimate transformation. And the ultimate transformation that I bring is becoming a six, seven and eight figure coach or course creator. So for me to be able to, like bring that whole transformation. In five days, I'll give the information, there will be sparks that spark the process, right. And people can take what I talked about during the five days, go out there, apply it and get those results. But the transformation then occurs later and even deeper. With because here's the thing, when you launch your offer, let's say now it doesn't work. Or let's say you're struggling to hire somebody, or let's say that you're dealing with your you need to dial in your ads or your copy or you had a successful offer, and it stops producing the results that you want. That's where what we bring in our coaching program takes the transformation deeper. And that's where I don't ever think of transformation as this one time. situation. I think of it as more of a like, every transformation unlocks a new door to another transformation. And another one that people have, can

[1513:53] Donya: I give you an example? Yeah, so years ago when I was in graduate school. I was going through my first you know, me being counseled in the depths of my soul. It was not pretty, it was very ugly. I didn't know I had so much stuff to work through. I was angry. I was depressed. I had a bunch of stuff going on it was years ago and it It's a long story. But suffice it to say, all of us were broke and graduate school went to Wendy's got a frosty, somebody said something funny, I busted a gut laughing like it was genuine laughter and I thought, I don't understand how I can be like this much in the throes of despair over here, and then just have this genuine laughter. And I was talking to God about it. And he gave me this picture. And basically, it was what I was working through in my life, I use it all the time with clients, to give them kind of a bird's eye view of this is where you are kind of like, I've been there, done that got the t shirt for all this pain. So now I want to like insulate myself from feeling any more pain. And now I'm all in a little box, and I can't feel pain or joy. So it's all about the vows that we make, like, I don't, I don't want any more pain coming in. So I'm going to do this than the other. And I'll be in a little box. And I thought about presenting that in my you know, my freebie or webinar or whatever I do to present the bigger offer. But that to me, that's not it might be transformational as an AHA here. But then the program would be, and this is how we get you to move out of this box that you're living in into more of a fullness where this is the full spectrum, the sorrow, the pain, the joy, you know, and you're a lot, you're more alive. Yeah. And so I keep having them ahead. I don't know if that's just, but I want to be able to give them hope and not just say, Hey, you're here in this little box, you know, so I don't see how that's unless it's just the information itself, that can be a spark.

[1546:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: What it actually is, is the spark that you're there to help guide them through that transformation, and realizing that they've found somebody that understands them, that knows what they're going through, and knows how to get them to where they want to be. Okay. And so actually, that's one of the transformational epiphanies that people have that we want to bring in. That's why oftentimes when, again, you're free and low cost offer, it's an exercise in building that trust and connection with people. Because oftentimes, most people aren't actually ready to implement the information upon the first time hearing it, right. They'll hear it, and they're assessing, okay, is this something that's valuable enough for me to apply? Do I trust this person enough to actually do what they're talking about. And oftentimes, that's what the first initial interaction is. And even the next and even when they join your coaching program, the first couple of sessions weeks and even months is building that trust, then the transformation may occur 234 months down the road, when they finally are like, Okay, I'm ready to do the thing I've been terrified to do, and I'm ready to leap to that next level. But that's their journey. But we can't control that side of it, right. But we can do our job to really paint a picture to draw the roadmap to draw the GPS to help them see what path to take. And, and I liken this to, to show them that they're not they don't have to go about it alone. They don't have to go about it, by themselves, like they always have had to. And in that moment, and if we think about this, again, that is actually one of the major transformations that happens during your your your free offer. Because it might be the first time in a long time that they really feel like they found somebody you that can, that they actually feel a connection with that can help them go to that next level. So the transformation can be as simple as my life is better, because I found Donya. And now I'm ready to see what she has next. And that could be what it is, it could be as simple as that. It's what I say that's kind of on a spectrum. And we'll be talking a little bit more about this on day five as well, is that there's a process to how you structure that when you put that out there. One of the biggest mistakes that I see that a lot of coaches make is their way to focus on. Not that they're focused on getting clients results, because I think that's important. But they're way too anchored in on their process. Versus like I talked about earlier, we have two modalities we have when we're marketing when we're selling our coaching we have that I got that we have sort of that coaching modality to Yeah, and there's sort of a little bit of like a tightrope act of doing that as well. Like, for instance when I'm doing the main session versus this VIP here. I'm more, I'm putting my coach hat on right now, when I'm in the main session, because we have a lot of people that didn't even upgrade at the VIP. Really, I want people to see, hey, this VIP is valuable, we're talking about stuff that you're probably not going to get a conversation to in the main session. And so I want people to understand that really, the value add with me is by grabbing that VIP upgrade. And diving deeper into that, because that's where I can bring the transformation to people is in this atmosphere right here. And then that's what creates that whole system. And you can start to you can even you can automate it, you can start to use different tools and technology, to where you can actually bring the transformation to people without you having to show up personally with them. And yet, it still transforms them. That is a process. And again, that's a big part of putting the offer together. And that's what we're going to be talking about on day four. And day five, is a lot of what you what you asked right here, but it's also what we're really diving into, in the accelerator program is how you do that, and I know you're in there is how do you actually take people from they just met you and get them to become a paid client of yours. And it not be sleazy, slimy high pressure, it feels like they were coerced into it, but rather like they're excited to become a client of yours, they're excited to jump in, they're excited to go to that next step. It's all about building trust that you can deliver that dream and that promise that you're making to them. And when this is attached to truth and integrity, because really, you need to show up, you have to be truthful about what you can accomplish with people. But you also need to be bold about what you can claim to accomplish for people to that's a balance as far as it goes. making bold promises, while attaching it to what you can also do helps attract the people that are the right people to work with you. And that's why again, the ones who are doubters and skeptical and all that nine times out of 10, they're probably just not even ready yet for that transformation. Because here's the thing, what they're what they might be telling you might not actually really be what's going on. So that's their whole factor to a lot of people, especially on the internet, say one thing, but the truth is not what they're saying. And that also applies to clients, but also applies to potential clients. And so some of that is also discerning. The more people we work with, we can really kind of tell, okay, is this person really at that stage or not? And I've had people tell me, they're like, oh, yeah, I got a multimillion dollar coaching business. And but I'm like, but they haven't even like done the first step. And I'm like, I don't know if like, you're actually maybe in your mind, you think you're there. But I don't want to like say that they're like, I gotta go out there. And like, you're lying to people, I don't want to do that. But like, you know, some people are posturing on calls like this more than they, they really are. And so that can happen when you're doing your presentation. Um, but I want to focus in on the ones who are real, the ones I can connect with, and the ones that are going to take what we talked about, take action, and then start to see the results from right. Thank you. All right. Awesome. Thanks, Don. Yeah, that's a great question, by the way. Thank you. All right. Well, gosh, we we blew past our time here. I just kept talking. I don't know this group is fun. It's a great group of people. It's kind of like you guys got two extra sessions here today a q&a. So all right. Well, tomorrow, we're going to dive deeper into your sales, copy crafting that offer, what are those words that attract people, and that's really what determines how you can find people through paid advertising through social media, so that you're not talking to people that aren't a good fit, or they're not at the right, they're at the wrong stage of, of the process. Like, for instance, Mark, we don't want to we don't want to try to sell a training for coaches to you know, high school. Parents are, you know, and vice versa. And so it's, it's using the right language that communicates to where the person is at at the right time. And then building that trust, demonstrating that you can actually do what you promise. And then sales is a big part of it, closing sales, getting the sales to come in. The cashflow is the economic driver, the economic machine, is what makes the whole thing connect. And I tell people this a lot to be like, gosh, I'm overwhelmed by all this now, and I say this to them. I said if you were making $40,000 a month, would all of this seem as overwhelming and most of them say No, it wouldn't if I was making a half a million dollars doing this. That would just be what I do now from now on. And that's where I want to get people to is actually starting to make the kind of money because a lot Out of the overwhelmed people experience a lot of the burnout is simply they're not making the kind of returns that they want to on the effort. They find that they're spinning their wheels doing a lot of work and it's not bringing in the financial returns for them. And so that's what we're going to be going over for the next four days is really dialing in how to make sure that you set things up the right way to create those financial results. All right, I will see y'all tomorrow. We'll talk to

[1686:00] Speaker 10: you anyway. Hi. Oh, question.

[1686:46] Speaker 2: Yes, Abby

[1687:34] Speaker 10: will be joining CGA what? Who is joining the CGA?

[1689:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know this is day one. So

[1690:24] Speaker 10: no, no, no, I know. I mean, you don't want to meet I mean, I okay guys, I've been here on CGA for for some time and

[1692:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was as our as our as our coaching program the accelerator. So Ave has been in there for a little while. Yeah. That

[1694:15] Speaker 10: was an understanding question between me and Jeremiah. In the benefit of the attendees.

[1695:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, yeah. Cuz I can I can usually tell who is a good fit, who's not things like that, who, but honestly, I have found recently that I get surprised. Now, more so than not and so I'm always surprised. Now I'm a little less, probably judgy than I was maybe six months ago on that front. So, yeah, who knows? We'll see.

[1702:38] Speaker 10: So, yeah, I mean, it's a great benefit to be on CGA. That's the only sentence I can say. Time for everyone here.

[1704:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Thanks, Avi. I'm excited just for the this this week. Right now. That's what we're focusing on. Is this week helping bring some some clarity what to do step by step. And what really, you're gonna be able to take away from these five days and know exactly what to do heading into the new year to start to build your build your business and create the kind of financial results you want. So I'll see you all tomorrow. And we'll talk soon have a good one.

