VIP Login - Plan Out Your Course & Coaching Program
Date: 2023-01-21T20:33:44.000Z
Duration: 62 min
Otter ID: QIOwmb7aUs22FAnFKY9gGphebRI
---

[17:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gonna go live right here we go. Middle. Great. Great, great. Awesome. Awesome. Welcome. Welcome. We're going live in my group coaching group. So people in there can watch as well. All right, welcome. Welcome to the VIP, everybody. So this is your time to ask me questions, all the questions that you had and, and hopefully I can answer them as best as I can. Because that's all I can. That's all I can really hope for, you know, I can't guarantee I have all the answers or any answers. But I'll but I'll do my very best. And that's my commitment to you. So anybody else? Have any questions? Raise your hand. Raise your hand and ask questions. What's up, Malcolm?

[36:29] Speaker 1: I'm not serious at this question. But I am, how could you blow someone's mind in two hours? That's what I want to know. Yeah.

[38:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. I love it. I'm glad. I'm glad to hear that that's better than some of the feedback we've gotten on some of our free events. So that's good. I mean, the five day event itself takes it to the whole next level. So mapping it out and how we actually how do you get the clients? How do you make sure that the right people show up that are actually going to get a transformation? How do you take those people through that transformation? So I'm looking forward to Awesome. All right, who's got any, any questions? Raise your hand. Kate?

[49:38] Speaker 2: Sheet is here. And they weren't the only thing that I missed from that last session, which was awesome. By the way. You said that the first coaching course six weeks, and then you said two times payments of And I didn't get the figure?

[54:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you talking about?

[55:40] Speaker 2: Right at the end of the last one, you were talking about one to one coaching waste your time, or your group coaching, your first coaching session six weeks, and then you said,

[58:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: like a six week program? Yes, you sell it as to buy a six week academy with you or a six week coaching program. It's a six week term. So it's term coaching. They're not like committing to like a whole year with you. It's just a shorter term. And so that can also help you, if you're starting out, initially, it can help you a lot to be able to reach those coaching clients better. Because the price point you can charge can be 497 to 997. Or you can even discounted as low as 297. I wouldn't sell anything lower than 297. Because you need to be able to make a profit and have some kind of a Profit Mechanism or reason why money is going to come in if you're running paid ads you need to get you need to be able to pay those ads back. And so you need to charge enough for it to actually be worth worth that.

[74:41] Speaker 2: Perfect. Thank you.

[75:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Any other questions? Raise your hand, Malcolm.

[76:32] Speaker 1: So, in the chat, I had said that Jasper look like the prettier version besides it pulling in the Google on the pictures is is that basically with the main differences?

[79:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. They've they've trained and programmed it for the last almost two years, with their user data for marketers, a lot of coaches and course creators to make it even better and better and the use cases and stuff like that. So they've actually trained the GPT engine to produce better results for online sales and marketing. That's the advantage of that as similar products like copy AI, I haven't used them. There's also any word today, I think, and so, but I like Jasper personally, I was a client of theirs month two, after they launched their company, and I love the results that come out of it. Um, so yeah. Okay, thank you. All right. Any other questions here?

[95:16] Speaker 3: Clive? Yes, just a question around you mentioned some of the platforms that you use. From say you mentioned also think, think of Flickr, I think was one of those for the course platform. Have you ever played with experience so far? I haven't. Okay. So with your gaming background, you might have looked at that, because that's all based on no education. Okay.

[102:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I focus Yeah, I haven't looked at that. I'm looking at it right now. It looks interesting. Cool. I try to keep things really simple. I'm like the laziest coaching course creator on the planet, and spend as little time as possible actually working. And so like, for me, I take, okay, what's the system right now that's working, is serving our clients. So I'm not really at a place I would move over to a different platform, most of the platforms that are out there, can do a lot of the same stuff. And that's been the case for quite a few years now. It's better to use anything is better than using a WordPress site, I wouldn't use a WordPress site and put plugins on that. Honestly, it's just a headache. It's not worth the it's not worth the headache to do unless you have one existing already that's running at that point. And I still would move to other platforms. I like using Squarespace as the front end landing pages and then think if ik as the sales and and housing all the courses and people putting their credit cards into there. Okay, yeah. All right, anyone Oh, Kylie. A sorry,

[123:49] Speaker 2: I'm not on camera. I've got people around me. And just in relation to this. So I'm pretty advanced in relation to kind of creating courses because that's what I do. So I helped create clients helped launch. But what I'm looking at doing now is really fine tuning scaling, if that makes sense. So for me at the moment, I've done my first six figures, I've worked with high ticket clients, but I really want to scale but every time I run Facebook ads, my ads account, it's been shut down three times. So what's your any recommendations around kind of that for consistency? Because so I go up and down because I don't have consistent traffic at the

[133:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: moment. Okay, let me ask you this to um, it's amazing the success that you have that you're here, what were you hoping to get out of today's training?

[137:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, just looking at your I am always learning so I always believe in being around people that do what I do. So it's always learning always picking up something you always pick up a nugget. But more it's just yeah, I'm looking for probably someone to work with in an advanced level. So I'm also just setting a few people out at the moment and obviously, but um, but yeah, so for me, it is that consistency at the moment. So I've launched my group program twice. And of course, because I can't run traffic to it because I've got stuck with traffic. I haven't got the numbers. So everyone calls me the best kept secret basically. And I've had enough this year so I decided this year I want to scale. So I'm looking at options at the moment to get past that if that makes sense. I'm not I'm the worst at my own stuff. I'm brilliant at my clients are my clients have scaled? So your

[150:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: facebook ads account gets shut down. What's what's the reason that they're shutting your ads account down?

[151:28] Speaker 2: They've shut it twice? Well, the first time it was for identification because I changed the name. Okay, and I uploaded my passport and they still canceled it so and then the second time I had an ADS person running ads and it got cancelled. So basically was someone else was in control of my ads account.

[156:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah. So then you shouldn't have any trouble creating another one with the with the new name that you have just starting from scratch.

[158:00] Speaker 2: Yeah, no, I've already done that. No, that's what they shut down. They asked for ID again for the third time and they shut me down again. Okay, they're not linked you

[160:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: As a family member that can sign up for an ad account,

[161:09] Speaker 2: potentially,

[161:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, mine is in my name because they shut me down like six months ago for no reason. And their official word was just make a new account. It's funny, they said that as long as you haven't violated anything, like actually violated anything, you should be good as far as in your case.

[166:11] Speaker 2: Interesting. No, well, it could No, it was definitely ID Well, I don't know whether the other guy did. Because I had ads running when I was away, and he didn't notify something or other. And all I got back to was a red account. And now he's disappeared. But we finally got around that got it up again, just got lead form ads running beautifully. And your ads are back up again. No. And then they then they asked me for ID uploaded ID and then they cancelled it all again. So I don't know what they're doing. But I've had enough for Facebook. So I'm looking at alternatives at the moment. So I'm considering tick tock at the moment.

[175:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you could look at tick tock, you could also look at some of Steve Chandler's content. Steve Chandler teaches you how to get clients without the internet and social media. Cool. And so again, if you if you had enough with Facebook and tick tock, or Facebook and their stuff, Steve Chandler, he's got his book, How to get clients new pathway to coaching prosperity, the prosperous coach, and it's all about a methodology where you don't need to use advertising at all. You don't need to use the internet at all.

[186:32] Speaker 2: Okay, I might check that out as well. I'm looking at some press and PR guys at the moment as well to get me some massive press and stuff at the moment. So get myself out there more. But yeah, running events was what I was considering.

[190:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, live events is one of the one of the best ways to get clients and it actually is it's not. Somebody asked why aren't we doing an evergreen approach to what we're doing?

[193:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, I asked you that was curious to why you don't leave it open. If people need your help. Now, why wait?

[195:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I will be next year. Okay. Yeah, right now is I'm able to maximize my profits while we're adjusting our ad copy. And while we're dialing everything in for the coaching, because we launched this coaching program in August. Okay, cool. Yeah. And so that's part of the methodology is there steps and stages to it? Yeah. So the stage that we're at is I don't want to do evergreen I want I want to interact, I want to interact with people, personally. And I want to show up and connect with people in a room like this, versus just letting it go out there and seeing the results. Because I'm able to adjust that and tweak it and tune it much better. By getting the feedback from people, one of the biggest things that we do is we take the transcripts from Q and A's and the the questions that were asked during the Zoom call, and we filter those through chat, GPT, and Jasper to actually develop out the pain points and problems with our clients to dive deeper and deeper and deeper. So the goal is to do these events to get as much internal feedback. And then we create a system that is laser focused only on one type of person buyers to our coaching program. So that's why I intentionally try to repel people that I don't think would become a buyer. That's why I don't go into the content and training until an hour in because I want to piss those people off so they never talk to me.

[219:22] Speaker 2: I love that. I gathered that some people

[220:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: would see that as a terrible thing to do. It's worked really well. It's brought our ads cost down massively.

[222:22] Speaker 2: And I like it. Yeah. I would say it's a Vegemite Marmite effect. Isn't it? Repel? Don't be scared to get rid of. Yep. Yeah, love it.

[224:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the repelling is huge. Um, because when iOS 14 happened with the ads changes. What happened is the ad copy is now your targeting. So the ad and the landing page copy and then who is actually taking action is how you get around the iOS 14 issues. And so those gotta be laser dialed into a very specific person. And so that's that's why I'm still dialing in slightly. Every time we do that the conversion ratio of our campaigns goes up the cost of our leads comes down and and that's that's, that's the process that we used for the last four years with Rick Pino and his worship coaching business. One of the biggest things I'll tell you just what the ad costs and then I'll get to the next person's question here, but anyone that has a question Next, raise your hand And we're gonna go into a lot of the details of this over the five day is we ran ads with month one we use the hook worship songwriters month two we use the hook Christian songwriters, Christian songwriters got us leads for $4 worship songwriters was leads for $12. So you think why would we want to pay four times as much per lead, we actually did want to pay four times as much for lead. Because the $4 leads only produced $1 in sales. So we were losing $3 off of every single lead that didn't come into sales, the $12 leads were producing $60 in sales. So just changing one word in the messaging was a 60x difference in the results from the ad spend. The difference between having 1000 on 113 Day campaign versus losing $40,000 And the test campaign. And so that's the nuance of really tweaking and refining. Who are you working with? So yeah, so my goal and my system that we're going to be going over for the five day is how do you refine that to make sure that you're getting people that are ready to buy from you? And then your profit margins go up? Exponentially? 2030 times what you're spending in ADS.

[265:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right. Anybody else have any other questions here, you want to raise your hand you want to ask questions about the about the topic that we talked about, about the building your course or coaching program? Specifically,

[271:26] Speaker 1: James had a question in the chat box. He said after you get your course outline from chat GPT, what can I do to make the course

[273:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you start recording trainings like on video. So you start teaching into a video camera, you can also create your copy schedule an event on Zoom to get some people in front of you. And then you ask those people to go buy a coaching program or buy a course from you, that you created from that outline. So you actually have to teach the content on video. And you can either teach it live, to where you to where you sell. Or you or you can teach a like, you can teach it live, you can sell a recording. So what you do, Cindy asked, do you answer questions in the Facebook group? I want to listen to the replay before asking any questions. I'm not going to promise that I'm going to answer everyone's questions. You know, maybe a month ago, I would have said that, that I would. But now having a new baby. I'm doing a lot of the feeding with mom. So I may not answer your questions. But if you join on the five day Yeah, definitely. All right. You get the replay of this q&a, definitely at the at the end of it. And the bonus trainings are really good. Because we go into the topic of growing your coaching program with Facebook ads, creating a lead magnet creating your landing page. That's all in the VIP bonus trainings that you guys got here, which is awesome. Anyone else have any other questions? Normally, I have, like, so many questions that we don't get to them all.

[300:26] Speaker 2: I'm happy to ask another one if you aren't sure. Yeah, no

[301:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: problem.

[301:31] Speaker 2: So what's your kind of? I'm just I'm asking that kind of generic marketing one at the moment. What's your sentiment around courses at the moment, given the fact that we're finding a lot of course fatigue in the coaching space? I'm just curious what your thoughts are in relation to standing out being different in the marketplace right now

[305:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: out? I don't think selling a course by itself is smart at all, I would not do it. I would sell a coaching program where you provide support accountability, tailor made guidance, you provide feedback in a in a group setting, I can answer questions throughout the week in a group setting with all those paid clients. And then I create courses each week, based off of if everybody's asking the same question in the group. All right, that becomes a new course. It's like everybody's been asking me how do we automate our business and put it on autopilot? We built Rick pinos to where everything that he does on autopilot. We're about to move everything that we do to be autopilot as well, to where I'm not even going to be doing these Q and A's right here. Now it's still not going to be evergreen, but it's going to be on auto So far, I don't need to actually show up and do a q&a, it's just you get a live session with me. Maybe I recorded it two days prior in the week. And so people get access to that week's broadcast for opting in. And then we're still inviting them to join us once a month for a live five day event.

[326:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, so that's the new course that we're actually creating in our group. Right now, I just finished the sales course and the Communications course. And the next one is gonna be on automation, and we're gonna break down, I'm creating kind of a flagship course as well, that I probably sell separately. That's called the six steps to six figure coaching. And it'll probably be $1,000. By itself, that'll that'll be out in the next couple of months, that I can just sell that instead of my whole coaching program. And then that $1,000 course, becomes my marketing material. And I'll actually sell my coaching program for me, the course will. So as far as course fatigue goes, if you have the right clients, they'll go through the content. Um, I like to provide a lot of training to a big part of what I teach is teaching people's self discipline, self study, self accountability, so that I don't have to be codependent with my clients to where their success is not contingent on me showing up. And so I will show up as best as I can, in the ways that I do and currently we do show up massively in the program. I know that in a year from now, we're not going to be showing up as much at that level. And that will be reserved for a higher level group coaching program will be about 10 to $20,000. And that will be the only way to get access to me like on an interaction like this. My goal is next year, the only way that you could ever get on a live q&a like this with me is if you're paying 20,000 a year.

[355:30] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm at three and 10 at the moment, and I find the same. It's interesting, but I'm still two hands on. Interesting. Yeah.

[356:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And a big part of that is your is I think it has to do with your boundaries with your clients and your desire to get them results or to care more about their success than they care themselves. Possibly, I don't know you though, so I don't

[363:39] Speaker 2: care results when my clients get return on investment in 12 weeks. Yeah, good. Yeah. But it's because of that. But that's also stopped me scaling. So it's really interesting. Yeah, great conversation.

[366:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yep. So that's where we got to get to the point where you're gonna focus on who in your group is actually getting the most results. And I focus a lot on those people. And the ones that are not taking action, they still watch the content, they're still gonna get value. But I'm really focused on the person who I know is taking action, so that I can still scale with people that will join the program get value, but I'm not codependent on them actually getting value. And I personally don't feel like a failure if somebody doesn't succeed. Now, there's an argument in the coaching space, that that's unethical. I think that's a more of a personal conviction matter there. But I think it'll definitely limit your ability to scale if you require everybody to succeed, because colleges don't require everybody to succeed after they get a degree.

[380:17] Speaker 2: Yeah. And it is true. It's not your responsibility. It's ultimately the responsibility, but

[381:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: the ability to show up provide value and give them the best opportunity that you have. I I don't want anybody go in the fake guru route, and just teaching something out of a book that they learned yesterday, and not actually helping people. Like I'm not proposing that at all.

[387:07] Speaker 2: Please, I just created a course on GP G chat, and then go, oh, you can do this and not have any results. It's like, No, thank you. Yeah.

[389:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, somebody could take what I taught today and probably make a $500 course out of it.

[390:32] Speaker 2: Sure they can. That's what's wrong with the industry.

[391:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't think so I would actually invite people and encourage them to steal my content, take it as your own and make whatever you want by belligerently ripping me off. That's what I would invite people to do and I invite all my clients in my coaching group to do that as well. To rip me off as hard as they can. And that's a big thing is to ask yourself, What's wrong with that? Why is that bad? What risk would it be? What threat is it to my business if somebody rips my content off, none whatsoever.

[402:13] Speaker 2: I'm not worried about them risking my content, I just want to make sure people get results.

[403:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Absolutely. But But Pete, but you, you can't make everybody get results. Now, not everybody is going to get results, you can do your very best to help people get results. But if we're spending our time and energy trying to do that, a lot of that comes from if we live our life in a worth for performance mindset that our value is tied to performance, which is the biggest effing lie on the planet Earth, your value is not tied to how you perform.

[413:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Our value and our identity comes from the fact that we are human beings that have worth and value that we're doing our very best giving it our best shot. And if we're tying our self worth to how I perform, that's our that's our ceiling. In our business. Our ceiling is our performance, I would rather you rip that ceiling off.

[422:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this part of my message where I teach this to people is where a lot of people call me very unethical. A lot of coaches call me one of the most unethical coaches on the planet for this one thing that I just told you.

[426:47] Speaker 2: It's interesting. It's an interesting viewpoint. It's different.

[427:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so but I own that fact, I own the fact that that is my message, I want people to not fear consequences. I want them to take action recklessly.

[434:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because in the coaching and online course space, that's actually the only way to get results. As quick as you want to, to go to the level that I can take people. That's how I'm able to take people from zero to eight figures. Now if you if you want to just play it safe all the time, you can make six figures or multiple six figures. But if you want to break past that ceiling, you're gonna have to do some things that you have previously a judged other people for and made a standards in your life a non negotiables that you won't cross that line, and you may even believe are bad, harmful and terrible things for you to do that you think is terrible if other people do it and make peace with the fact that maybe just maybe you're the one that's limiting yourself to why you can't get to where you want to go. Not coaches that aren't getting people results, but rather because of you're living in a performance for value and worth mindset. Does that make sense? Yep, it's good market. Clapping challenge. Love it. And that's what I talk about on my podcast all the time. I go I go on like rants like that on my podcast. And that's why I'd invite everybody to check out the podcast to grow your life podcast. You know how beginners can benefit from this one right here? How beginners can benefit from emulating other successful coaches. Trust your gut and stop overthinking take your business to the next level overcoming the fear of the unknown. Actually, Leila had her hand raised here. She did a podcast episode with me right here about overcoming the fear of the unknown. And she's still on here.

[462:16] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'm still here.

[462:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, how are you?

[463:09] Speaker 4: I'm great. It's so nice to see you. Hi, everybody.

[463:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You to listen. When we when we talked last? What was that one thing that I told you don't filter yourself baby.

[466:27] Speaker 4: Don't filter yourself out there.

[467:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Remove the filter.

[467:48] Speaker 4: Yeah, absolutely. No, yeah, absolutely. I did i So Okay. I am not the best with criticism. But Jeremiah has this thing where he talks about if you're if you're coming at someone with genuine human curiosity and compassion, you can say things from that place where ask questions from that place, right? So I tested I'm one of the lucky people that gets to work with Jeremiah one on one and I will say he may talk about one on ones not worth your time or one on one this one on one that he shows up. Like when he's when he's coaching he shows

[477:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: up so rather everyone in my group coaching program, no, I

[478:16] Speaker 4: know. I know. I know. But But, and I will say I will say like this i because I'm in the group code. same program. That's why I'm here today because I get access to all these VIP trainings, I get access to all the courses, I get access to everything. And I make the most of it, because I'm launching very, very soon. And I had my first kind of like test summit talk. And one of the things your background for a little bit, oh, my background is just, it's just my microphone. And my plant my plastic plant. Oh, no,

[486:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: your your professional background. Oh, my.

[488:42] Speaker 4: Okay, well, I'm a television creator, I've created two animated series that sold around the world. But what I'm most proud of is it that actually got work for people. So people, like I'd meet people in LA like an actor, and he'd be like, Oh, my God, I worked on that show. So it would be like this, this thing where I never knew if I'd run into somebody that I'd actually helped create work for which coming from a single parent home is very important to me, it means a lot to me, I think, you know, as, as somebody that's like, more, more and more entrepreneurial everyday. And then I have an MA a novel writing that I just completed recently. And I have I have a memoir out. And then I have finished, like a fantasy romance like epic, sweeping book that I'm actually going to start putting out independently as well. Yeah, so that's kind of my, it's very creative. But I've also throughout my entire career, mentored and coached, and begged people to use their talent and open doors for that. So it's like a real passion. And Jeremiah is helping me codify, codify what I organically do into an actual coaching, like group coaching program. And I, I hear you about one on one, because I realized that there the power of the group is that we all support each other. Like I've heard, I've heard for examples also ncga in the client growth Summit. Oh, I mentioned him any look, he just texts about me right away, because he's such a great champion of, of his fellow, you know, group coaching members. So and, and he always celebrate. So I think the power of the group coaching process that I find with Jeremiah's group in particular, is how we all interact and coach each other within the group, like within the Facebook group, we don't even need to DM or meet separately, we just do it in the Facebook group. And and that's powerful already. Yeah. Yeah.

[517:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what was your question? you'd raise your hand?

[518:03] Speaker 4: Yes. Okay. So I know, I know, I've already sent you an email about like, our next meeting and everything, but I'm planning all of this huge copy. And you've helped me enormously with that. I have finally clarified what I actually really do. Yes, oh, my God, it's gonna affect absolutely everything in a domino in an incredibly wonderful way. Because it's totally aligned. absolutely clear, no confusion anymore. I was confused for two years, I'm not confused anymore. And I only started working with you recently. So the fact that I'm not confused so quickly, is actually a huge win. So I'm very happy. So now I'm working on copy, copy, copy. And then as I launch, like, you just said that there's like different ways to launch there's the six week launch, I was thinking of launching right into the like the group program. And then you're also talking about kind of going, like more evergreen a little bit. So I'm just wondering, it's just can you just like maybe look at like, just 123, because I think we're all here at different stages. So just maybe like what you might recommend in terms of like, just starting mid tier and then moving on from there.

[535:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you mean by just starting in mid tier?

[536:00] Speaker 4: Well, I'm launching, right? So like, I've never had a good, like a formal group coaching program before I've coached and I think, and actually, maybe, who was it James? James had a question about going from one on one to group. So so I'm kind of in that same boat in a way. So it's sort of like going from one on one to group was his question, how do I do that? And then what happens once you already have a successful group coaching program, because now you're moving more a little bit into evergreen? So if you could just touch on that, and I can have James maybe speak for himself, like if he wants I can silence but I think it's that question like going from launch? To middle to like, what next? Yeah,

[546:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Um, that's why the five day event that we're doing here next week is called start and grow your group coaching to six figures. So James, it's really about like going from that one on one to group coaching, kind of transitioning into that place. Here's the thing. So one on one coaching is you're trading dollars for hours. You're trading how many hours you show up for the money that you make. Now at that point, though, you can get people more results, but what you want to do is, I've always taken when I do one on one coaching, I find what's the common thread across the board with the one on one coaching clients, and I create courses based off of the main problems that I solved for all of them. So irresistible offers that sell is my course that solve that for all my coaching clients. What's cool is I stopped getting one on one coaching clients after I created that course. So I cannibalize my own coaching business by launching a course for $97 and then nobody became my client. That's why I wasn't making more than 500 or $1,000 a month. Because I turned it, I was doing a one on one coaching into a $97 course. And 100 people bought that course. And now none of them wanted to coach with me. So I had to look at okay, what is going on here? What happened? And I had to look at the feedback that I was getting from all of these people that I was doing one on one coaching with, what were they actually having me show them personally and walk them through. And then I built my group coaching program around that thing. And so the group coaching contains the support and accountability, plus the training to move people from any stage to where they want to get in their coaching business. So with that you take, what are the topics that you're helping people with one of the biggest reasons why we may not know these answers is or have you coached at least 50 people already. If you haven't coached at least 50 people, you need to at least connect with 50 people to get their feedback, you need to get a feedback loop going, doing virtual events is the best way to get feedback, because I have these Facebook groups that you jump into that survey us to what your biggest struggle is, and what you want to learn from me and I have a document with over 47 pages of what people want to learn from me and what their biggest struggle is. So I filtered that feedback that I've actually gotten directly from people by bribing them to join me for free events like this, to gather their data. So what I did is I took the model of what is Google? What is Facebook? What is YouTube doing behind our backs, they're, they're stealing all of our data, right? That's how I took it. And I said, How can I maybe make that a little bit bigger and do the same thing to create an algorithm for creating coaching offers. And so the algorithm is you get people to show up on a live event. And you bribe them to tell you what their problems are. That's why we have these Q and A's. And then you filter those problems through the artificial intelligence. And that becomes the topic of your coaching program. And then you sell a coaching program based on exactly what that group of people 50 to 100. People told you, they want to learn. And then you iterate over and over and over again, and you adjust your language you adjust your messaging. So the first time that I launched this, it was build and create your own online course business. Building, create your own online course business. Okay? Quizzes are a pretty interesting way to be able to do that, I still would rather do it through a live session like this, because I'm also able to simultaneously sell to people, I'm able to sell to them specifically. But quizzes are not a bad way to do that video ask is a tool where you can implement quizzes with videos and do some of that we're going to be implementing some of that here in the next year. What I show people how to do is one of the simplest ways to build a multi six and seven figure business as fast as possible. So there's a lot of different funnels that you could do. The fastest way to get clients right now is by doing live events, because it solves a lot of problems. It delivers valuable content to people it qualifies who's ready to be a buyer. It gathers feedback for you. It builds trust with people. And so live events are the best way to do that right now, especially after COVID-19 happened to be able to gather information from people and then you're able to filter transcripts from all of that into chat GPT, we use a tool called otter.ai otter.ai takes the transcripts of everything that we talked about every Zoom meeting that I have, and it transcribes it for me. So this is a transcript right here from our previous live group coaching call with our group. So I'm going every layer from my free events all the way up to my group coaching group. And I'm creating a psychological profile of who is most likely to purchase my coaching program and get results. And so I'm disqualifying everybody else who is probably not going to get the best results. Who is probably not going to buy my coaching program. I just don't even talk to them. They will get annoyed by me. They won't want to hear anything else from me. And so because of that, I'm able to lower the cost of my ads and increase the amount of sales that we get. And that's what's allowed us to sell $520,000 In the last five months.

[642:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, back to your question, Lila that was James's question. Back to your question. What are the next steps will you want to build out your virtual event your virtual event offer, and you want to build out two offers. I went over this in day one of the training that you get, if you look at the bonuses that you got from the notes, the bonuses that you get in the next one, there's an event in there in the bonus called offer Launchpad. And I go over how we build this out and offer Launchpad. So that's in the $27, VIP upgrade for the five day event that we're doing, we're going to be talking about on day one of the five day event, what type of offers that you want to create. So generally, you want to create a paid offer. And then a free offer. The unfortunate truth is after COVID-19, you can no longer just send traffic to a paid offer and expect to make any money. So that's a disappointing truth that prior to 2019, we could send traffic just to a paid offer and people would buy from us. Now you actually have to walk people through a sales process, you actually have to walk them through the selling process. Now for those of you that hate the selling process, maybe you bought a used car or something like that, you're like, I don't want to do that with my business, I just want to make coaching clients, well, then you'll probably sell as many cars as the guy selling cars out of his garage, maybe one a year, you'll probably sell one coaching program by not doing a sales process. And this is one of the biggest things is if you're uncomfortable about selling, you gotta you got to actually grow in that area, stretch your muscles and become a trained assassin salesperson, I wouldn't consider myself to be a high level trained assassin salesperson. Because the reason is, none of you actually feel like I'm selling to you. That's the best salesperson, I'm not selling to you. And that's what makes me the most amount of money possible as I'm creating an atmosphere, that the only logical choice is for people to either leave my space not listen to me anymore, or join my programs. And there's a great book on that topic right here, called The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort master the art of persuasion influence on success. And so what he talks about is we use a process called looping to where you loop people's trust in you, your product, your company, and your transformation that you're promising and your offer. And so you what your goal is with your campaign with your marketing campaigns, the entire goal of your marketing campaign is not to educate people about you and what you offer. It's not to teach people concepts. I mean this nicely, but the reason why I do events like this isn't to teach you guys anything. It's it's part of the process of the sales funnel. It's part of the process of gathering feedback. My goal is to qualify and disqualify the people that that are the best fit for my coaching program. And you'll notice Abbe, and Lila, you were on some of the previous events that we've done is that we've changed and we've tweaked we've adjusted the language and what and what we're teaching on our live events. I don't I don't think I've had a single live event since August that's had the same content. So I've been changing the topic.

[699:01] Speaker 3: Did you read my comment and reading my comment, Jeremiah?

[700:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, I didn't even see it.

[700:47] Speaker 3: Like you said the exact same thing. Yeah,

[701:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not I'm I'm actually changing the topic based off of who I'm speaking to, and connecting with and communicating with. And then what we're doing is we're laser focusing laser focusing laser focusing in on who is the best fit to join our coaching programs. And we analyze that result at the end of the process. And so once we have that dialed in, where I can run the same promotion, where I'm saying the same thing three or four times, now that's when I moved to Evergreen. So that's what I'm gonna move to Evergreen later this year is when I run the same live event for like three months straight. And I basically say the same thing live, I'm going to just take one of those recordings, and now that's going to always run and that's going to be the funnel. That's going to be the process that we use to build our business so that I can step aside even more and work way less and we can scale much higher that way. So Lila, to the to that. What's your question?

[716:41] Speaker 4: Oh, no, I think I'm on the right track. Now. Like when you said the two offers, right, because it's the free offer. Yep, I'm structuring everything based on everything you've taught me. And so But and so there's three things to Why don't you just answered yes, it's a free offer. And then it's the it's, you know what, what they would pay in for whether it's open or not, because I may not open it right away. I may wait to gather those. We've talked in the past about attracting soulmate. Soulmate clients. Yeah. And so I will say like, while your content may evolve, grow, tweak, change your core energy, your core message, your core idea of attract soulmate mate clients and repel those that aren't the right clients has been completely consistent.

[727:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. And that's a big reason why we had one of our CGA clients, write me a really nasty email last week, and leave the program and actually request like I say, I don't, it's a year long program. And he's like, listen, you're you're just the most crooked, wicked, fraudulent, vile coach on the planet Earth. And so I said, Listen, I don't tolerate people talking to me that like that that way. So you're cancelled out? And he's like, Yeah, you're, you know, he just ripped into me. And the reason why is because of the boundaries that I've set with having a baby, is he had a problem with the fact that I that I was not as available to him through private direct message, which I don't offer private, direct message to people for private coaching. You have to be in my coaching program. And so, about a year ago, when I met him, I used to answer anybody's questions for free in my direct message. So I changed that. And so that was the camel that broke the straw that broke the camel's back, because he's just like, you know, you bait and switch to me a year ago, you told me that you could provide free consulting through DM, now you're charging for it. You're the worst scum of the earth. And I it's funny, I told him, I said, I would have still answered your direct messages you came in before that. But he didn't want to hear that he had already villainized me in his mind. He had already created this narrative that I was the worst possible person on the planet Earth. And so sadly, he left the program. And it was it was, what I see is is okay, what? What about him? Can I repel in the future? What brought him in? What expectation did he have? And how can I make sure that somebody like him doesn't show up anymore? Because it's not my goal to change him, I want to help people make more money. And so what I came to the conclusion of is that I need to set way stricter boundaries with my direct messaging, way stricter boundaries, with my communication, and, and not waver on that with anybody else, no matter who it offends who it upsets, who thinks that I'm just a Sharky snake who's in it for money to rob people blind so that I can bait and switch them into a false coaching program that's going to steal from them and ruin their life. That's what most people tell me that they think that I sell when they would before they joined the client growth accelerator that are that are not a good fit for my program. Now, obviously, as you're hearing from Lila and Abby, that's not what the client group accelerator is at all. But but that's the judgment that people in the marketplace have towards coaches. That's a Netflix special right now that's calls all coaching programs,

[772:55] Speaker 4: scams. It just breaks my heart because you've transformed me like what we haven't even been working together very long, I looked for years for something that would actually transform me not just teach me or help me in small ways, but actually transform me into someone that actualizes my dreams. And I've come further with you in a very short period of time than anybody else I've worked with, including by the way I have done Tony Robbins coaching like with his trained coaches.

[780:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's a pretty cool endorsement.

[781:58] Speaker 4: I'm just telling the truth. And I find out to

[782:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: people I'm not certified. I never took schooling for this. I just love people.

[783:43] Speaker 4: Well, you know, people can be abusive, who are therapists like it like there's, there's a huge difference between empowering people to actually transform and giving them the tools, but not being a guru that expects dependency.

[787:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no. Yeah, I don't want dependency on anything. Totally.

[788:09] Speaker 4: You do? Yeah. You do the opposite. You empower you don't you don't create you empower people to do this by themselves successfully.

[790:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was just talking to Nathaniel Iverson the other day. He's one of our one on one coaching clients who became a consulting clients. And I told him, I said, here's the thing, I just had an idea this morning, that is going to I told him this transparently. I said honestly, I could have strung you along for a year and given you this idea in a year and taken a whole lot more money with you, but I'm gonna give it to you today. Because that's my that's my integrity. And literally his mind. He was like, that's gonna take everything up. 10x And what he's doing is I found out he's a trained um, He builds sales teams for corporate America. And so I'm like, Okay, you need to build a small phone sales team that you just send leads to this team and they close your deals for you. And he's like, wait, I can do that. I said, Yeah, you already know how to you've done it for corporate, just do it for yourself. You know, that's actually that's actually the next stage of the coaching business is high ticket with closers and setters. But I don't like doing that until I know that I can get people the most results possible. And then I'm qualifying the prospect more. So my system uses this process of live events that then filter up to centers and closers, eventually, that's how we got Rick to his million dollar month is he had, where he would do a live event. And then people would schedule a call with a closer and then that closer would close them on a $10,000 program. And that was the funnel was like you have to do a call with a closer I wouldn't do calls with closers. Unless you're spent selling at least a 10k you can automate everything up to that point. And then at 10k you just have you prequalify get some closers. I mean, you you pay the closer like a 10% commission or a 5% commission or whatever, they'll they're happy you pay somebody $1,000 To close a sale, just by taking leads in I mean, they're gonna close all day for you if they're good at their stuff. And that's what we want to build as a system to help people do that as well. We're not using that in our business. But we are helping some of our higher level consulting clients build sales teams inside of their organizations. So are they

[829:53] Speaker 3: Yeah, no, I just wanted to keep it simple and say that in the benefit of the new VIP attendees today, end of September last year, start of October when I signed up for CGA and I was a new quote unquote, new attendee here and I signed up based on somebody else like this, on the call like this was promoting CGA now you guys may not be as skeptic as I am, or I was and anything like that, I get it. But at the same time, I really thought of those people. The one that that was talking about, like, are they employed by gentlemen? No, they were not. So what I what I'm saying is, as you hear about me and Lila someone they think like they're like why are why are they talking so good about CGA they just wanted to say that they were just just like you and just have been a little longer. It's easy. And that's just

[844:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: an I want to talk about something really interesting here. Okay, so check that people can be abusers that are therapists. Yeah, there's coaches that can be abusers, too. I've met a lot of them. The reason why is is those are the where people get abused in coaching. I, so I've been I don't ever talk about this side of my story. But I had a lot of abuse from coaches and mentors over my life. And I think a lot of people even that, that come and listen to me, maybe you've experienced that before. It comes from abuse happens when there's unfulfilled expectations inside of the coaching. Experience. And the coach is stringing the person along and then gaslighting their clients saying you're not good enough and doing that and basically trying to control the clients, I take a hands off non control approach. I don't believe that control over anybody is something that any of us should engage in. I think that we should give people an opportunity to make their own decisions. But we should also be bold and courageous and not hold back on on what we're thinking and, and sharing. And that's one of the biggest reasons why I tried to repel people early on, from even joining my coaching program. If I know that there's a I see it as guard like guarding people's hearts a little bit sort of like if you're dating and you want to like guard somebody's heart who you know, might get hurt is I try to I've I know, okay, this client could get hurt because their expectations are here. People based off of their trauma can create expectations that are not healthy inside of a coaching relationship. And unfortunately, when that's taken advantage of that creates cults that creates dependency on the leader. So something that my mom and I really because we actually grew up in a cult that was a church that took advantage of us and our family. And what we've realized is like, when when you build a mentorship program you need to be really careful to not cross certain lines and boundaries with clients that could potentially hurt people. And you don't want to make people dependent on you, you want to empower and send people off on their own, to where they can thrive without you. My goal is that everybody who comes through my program does not need me, does not need to be in the program that they're thriving beyond working with me, that's my, that's my goal. And now you want you want to hear this, that sounds altruistic, it's super selfish. Want to hear why it's selfish, because I can charge way more money by allowing people to go off on their own. Because the investment is worth more. Because I'm not trying to actually take more money and string people along, I can help more people and charge more and prequalify better by actually delivering a result, would you rather spend money on a car that's going to break down all the time, that's $20,000, or one that you know, is well maintained? That will last you for years? That's 50,000. If you can afford the 50,000 You'll do that. And so what I'm selling is 50 and $100,000, like Lamborghinis of coaching is what I'm trying to do for people, as I'm trying to sell the finest coaching on the planet. That's better than anything else. And it comes from just me being in this environment and seeing Okay, where do coaches go wrong? How do they hurt people, usually, it's where the person feels abandoned, where the person feels like left behind. And that can happen when the coach promises more than they can actually deliver. And so that's why when you can get really specific about what you can actually deliver, you won't lead or fall into situations like that, it'll still happen, kind of like that, that guy that I mentioned. I mean, he truthfully, like feels devastated by the fact that I no longer allow people to do free direct messaging with me. You know, and I want to, I want to even honor that and say, Okay, I need to make sure that nobody feels led on that I offer that. And that's a boundary that I can set for myself, one of the biggest things that's helped me is this is I don't find my worth and other people using me, I don't find my value and how other people can use me. And that's where I was a couple years ago, as I found my value, and if people use me for their benefit, which by the way, a person who finds their worth and value and being used by others, for this benefit is a horror and a prostitute. That's what I was was whoring and prostituting myself out to anybody who could validate that I was good and worthy. And so well, that's why you have to be able to believe in yourself, even if other people don't believe in you. That's why it's important to not find your value in how you perform what you produce, or people using you for their benefit. And instead, you actually are finding your value and worth in yourself and saying I love myself enough that I'm doing this, I don't need other people's approval, I'm not looking to please other people. I'm doing this because I know that this is part of the path and the process to my calling. For me right now doing this training is actually just part of my bigger picture process. My bigger picture process is to generate hundreds of millions of dollars to get into video game development and to create video games. And that's a that's a big part of my internal compass and dream where I'm headed. And so what I find is that the way that I coach is similar to a video game process where you kind of come in for an adventure and you can choose the adventure by joining me for a one day event or a five day event. And then as we as we go through the coaching experience together, it's a play at your own pace type adventure, but you can come to me to ask for help. That's how I imagined my coaching with people is through the lens of RPG video games. And so that's why even when I surround myself with video games that helps put me into that state and that mindset where I feel like I can actually teach better. And the best version of myself actually shows up to people which is cool. And so that's the process that we use for using live events is this sort of video game type? process to walk people through. That's why I'd be curious to check out like you said experience if I Clive looks very interesting to me, I've only used platforms like Thinkific. Back in the day, I had to code. A member for my mom, we had to build an a member site using a PHP plugin that we purchased. And I coded that and built all of that for her. Now, it's so much easier as far as the technology, the barrier of entry of technology. And now with chat GPT to map out your topics is huge. Because if you don't know what topics you want to teach on, you can use chat GBT for that. Then you launch an offer, you do a live event, and you get feedback. And you filter that back into your offers and build out the whole big picture. So that's what we're going to be going over for the five day event. Notice, by the way, I'm going to pause here, notice how I actually just led my entire conversation to my sales pitch of the five day event. That's how I that's that's part of what I teach you how to do is how to position your language and your teaching, and how to communicate and connect to where you can take any analogy, any questions somebody asks, and loop it back to your offer. And do so in a way that feels natural to people. Which is cool. So but that But truthfully, if you haven't registered for this five day event, I'd be excited and honored to have you join us for this. And the VIP will be fun. It'll be five days of this after the sessions. And it takes place at nighttime too. It's a nighttime event. I don't even think I mentioned that to anybody. It's at 7pm 6pm and then after it's a one hour training session, and then it's a one hour q&a After which is awesome. So I'm excited for you to join us for that. Can't wait to see everybody there. Thanks for being here. Have a good one, everybody.

