VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE 
Date: 2023-05-10T21:45:03.000Z
Duration: 62 min
Otter ID: 6CL7rH1HbPQx6-oDl2PFoeZV-TQ
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right. See?

[9:29] Speaker 0: There we go

[11:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, everybody. Welcome over to the VIP. Welcome in here. Welcome. Welcome letting everybody in. Thanks for being here today. And all right. And take your questions. Listen, raise your hand, if you got a question. You want to go into that? How was today's training for you? Is it good? The Workout awesome. It was informative for me for a lot of a lot of you. And that's the same process that we that we use in all in all of the coaching businesses. That's how we recommend you do that is following the same process that we did today. So what's up, Steve?

[24:11] Speaker 0: Steven? Steve, you're muted.

[26:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I appreciate you highlighting the public speaking thing. Yeah, you know, I kind of pull the ideas from the people that are attending, so it makes it relevant.

[29:13] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, thanks. Almost. Two quick, quick questions I have is where do we get our eat? Where do we get our email addresses? Because I don't have a collection of those.

[32:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So you get the email addresses, people visit a page, and then there's a form on there, where they put in their email, and then that goes into some kind of an email. Broadcasting software. The reason why is because you can't broadcast email out of Gmail, so you got to actually have it inside of something like MailChimp, or Active Campaign are things that MailChimp is the easiest one to use. So we recommend that you the easiest process, Squarespace integrates right into MailChimp, MailChimp, integrates right into Facebook, for Facebook ads, and all of that. So it's a really easy ecosystem. And so you're, you're trying to find people who need the solution that you offer, and then they give you their name and email address to to, to get the information that you're promising for whatever your offer is, and so they fill in their name and email address, and it goes into that form that goes into MailChimp, and then you're sending out emails to people through MailChimp. And then MailChimp, also allows you to automate some of that as well. I think I'll definitely be going over. I wasn't totally planning on it, but I think I'll touch a little bit on that side of it tomorrow. Okay, then the second question is, I'm trying to get the logistics logistics of this. Yeah. How do you post when you post your offer on Facebook? Right? Yes. And you're gonna show us how to do that correct? Yeah, it's actually a lot simpler than you think I recommend you check out YouTube. For the for the full, like, if you want a step by step process, we have a course in our accelerator that goes through that it would take me about two hours to walk you through and hold your hands for the whole thing. So I'm not going to take two hours tomorrow to do that. Because if we're talking about how do you do that, it's because if I go through it real quickly, you're gonna probably get really lost. I can go through it here, like right now in five minutes. But well, you use the Facebook Ads Manager is what it's called, right, that creates an ad. And then you create an ad that has text. And then and then you use a video and a graphic and you can not run videos and graphics in the same ad. But I run them side by side. And so you upload a video with text into the ads manager and you're able to target people to see that ad. And then they sign up when they visit the page because they see the ad in their newsfeed that's kind of a really simple way to explain it. I'll go over a little bit of that tomorrow, but I find that you know we could really get caught up in the nuance of like every little button depress and lever to pull in all of that and, and it pulls away from kind of the value of time like this is we're I try to keep it more of a strategic focus, because there's 1001 videos on YouTube on how to like, Okay, what does this button do in the Facebook Ads Manager? What does this do? And so I recommend people look at that if you're looking for just like a and then so quickly when this when you make your when you create your landing page

[85:35] Speaker 0: through chat, GBT.

[86:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: You said Squarespace. But what if I want to put it on? Elementor? Can I just create it in? Yeah. And chat GBT and post on my copy and stuff to Elementor Yeah, my paid my landing page there. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Okay. Yeah. If I don't want to take any more time. Yeah, yeah. No, you're able to, you're able to it's, it helps you come up with what to say. This is the this is where we spend most of our if we're talking about like, where do you put in the coaching business behind the scenes, where do we spend the most amount of our, our energy, as far as hours worked as a business owner. And it's, and it's usually in writing the copy is number one. And then below that comes doing and delivering the actual coaching itself. But actually creating and crafting the language to get new customers. To drive down our cost. That's what we've spent the most amount of our focus on, because that's allowed us to scale things. At a at a better cost. Because otherwise, cost per lead can be 2030 $40, with a Facebook ad at some point. And so we want to bring that down to like $5. If you're paying $30 A lead versus $5, a lead for the for a better quality of a lead. That's a that's a completely different. That just changes your budget, and your profit margins. Massively.

[110:20] Speaker 0: So alright, thanks. Yeah. Pamela?

[113:46] Speaker 0: I want to download the forefront GPT. Four, and try it. It's free. But when I went and look for it, there's like several different sites that are offering this download. And I don't want to just download how to

[118:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: download to your none of them are a download. They're all website? Well, they don't want to go to the app store and download any of these GPT apps. They're not they're not real, they're not accurate. They're not accurate. You want to actually go to the websites that I mentioned in the training, and sign up on those specific URLs and websites. forefront that I'm going to send a link to chat GBT, the official one and forefront.ai in the email following up on this. But it's www dot forefront AI to get access to this. And then this is at chat dot open AI but you don't want to go to your app store and just download a chat CBT app. Those are not. Those are. Those are just third party applications.

[131:31] Speaker 0: He said it's forefront.ai. Yeah, okay. Yep. All right.

[134:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you asked in the in the comments, what is Aweber it's just another email software. Oh, and I'll tell you guys, this listen, you could you can, you can make your head spin. I mean, so many people, they have not launched a business because for 10 years, they can't decide which software to use to build their business. And so it becomes analysis paralysis of just trying to figure out which software is better than the other, they all essentially do the same things. Use the one that is I record. The reason why I recommend Squarespace in MailChimp is because for somebody who doesn't have anything set up, they're the easiest and quickest to learn and get set up. But if you're using AWeber, there is not an integration in Squarespace for Aweber. But Aweber gives you forms that you can copy. And you can put in the little code block in Squarespace. All of these different platforms, they do the same thing, which is why what I teach our funnel strategy, how you build a funnel, it's independent of which actual software platform you use to actually build your pages. And so like, you know, Steve, he can use Elementor on WordPress. That's actually how we built my mom's offers out there all built out in WordPress, because that's what she built her business on. But it all it all goes back to the same thing of you got to you got to actually write the copy, put it on a page, get people to sign up to your email list and make a sales presentation. You know, you could you could just spend way too much time trying to figure out how all this works. Or you could go make a lot of money and figure it out as you go and And that's that's a, that's probably a quote that I got from my mom. And she just, we don't want analysis paralysis, we want to learn as we go not learn all this stuff, figure it all out because by the time you learn it in six months, it's going to be a new method, a new way to do it. And so it's better to kind of go with the flow of the technology and start to get get an offer out there set to test some things out.

[166:07] Speaker 0: All right, my next question is, I am hung up on how to set up automation, I use ConvertKit. And it is so much work to send this stuff out manually. We have any if I don't get it, through the training and understand it by the end of this week, you got any suggestions on what I can do to get past that roadblock?

[172:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the free version of ConvertKit doesn't have automated email sequences, but the paid one does. I'm looking at it here.

[175:15] Speaker 0: I have the paid one.

[175:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would I would say I'll show you real, real quick how you can figure this out? automated email ConvertKit. Type in into YouTube. Like what you just said that you were stuck on? Pamela, can you see the screen here on my on my screen that I'm sharing?

[180:48] Speaker 0: I see a big blue thing. But I've been to YouTube. And I just couldn't find the video. Maybe Okay, so learning curve saw?

[183:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so automated email ConvertKit. That shows you how to create email automation, how to build an automation in ConvertKit. Right here. I've never used ConvertKit before. And so I'm not going to be taking time to show you how to use ConvertKit. To do that. Again, what I kind of specialize in is helping you with what do you actually say that closes sales and gets people to take action. And so if you want to go into the technical aspects of using ConvertKit automations, YouTube will be a great resource for you to kind of go through some of these different tutorials as well. I think ConvertKit themselves, they got resources for you right here under training on their website where they got live workshops and training to show you as well. Let's see if they if they have something on how to automate your business right here. They have that right there. Central's to automated email marketing automation examples. So this is straight from ConvertKit showing you how to do that right there. Okay.

[201:13] Speaker 0: Okay, so I've done some with them. And they just, I got gaps in my knowledge. So

[202:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, here's, here's a great thing that you can do. When you have like gaps in your knowledge like that is, and this might be a huge unlock for a lot of you that are on here. Use chat CBT to shore up the gaps in your knowledge. Say, Okay, I watched the training from ConvertKit how to do this, I understand this part of it, but I don't understand this. Can you explain to me how to do this, this and this. And you asked Chet GBT to actually explain to you a technical walkthrough of something. And you'd be surprised how well it will type it out for you a whole training that you could actually use. You can use chat CBT to train yourself how to do stuff. It's really cool.

[214:32] Speaker 0: So all right. Yeah. All right. Julie. Hi. I didn't have a question but just wanted to share our with Facebook, advertising Ben, he's H E A T H on YouTube. He's really brilliant on his channel with tutorials. I used one of his videos last week for the first time to create a Facebook ad to a form where people give their name and their email. And I got a few leads out of that. And it was just watch a bit, pause it do take the action, create the thing and just step by step. It was really helpful. So I just wanted to share that with everyone if they need

[225:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. Awesome. Yeah, YouTube's a great resource.

[226:18] Speaker 0: So okay,

[227:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, nobody else has their hand raised here. So we're about a half hour in. I'll give I'll give you guys maybe a couple a minute or two to raise your hand. Otherwise we will log off early here. Jessica, Jessica raised her hand.

[232:21] Speaker 0: Good evening, Jeremiah. I just wanted to ask how many cycles do you run during these five days before you open your doors normally?

[236:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many cycles do do I run before I open the doors normally, it depends on how many cuz people join the waiting list. So like we ran five different events, and then I'll, I'll be opening the doors at the end of this week. So it depends on if I want to open the doors or not. Or I'll wait until the next cycle. But what we found is we found a massive

[245:37] Speaker 0: decrease

[246:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: in, in, in sales profitability. And just the amount of people who enroll when it's just open enrollment all the time, anybody can jump in at any given time. And so having some kind of a deadline with the doors closed and open, it has a dramatic effect on our profit margins in our business. And so if something is effective, for my business, I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm gonna be doing doing that. So any kind of a deadline that you can attach to people taking action, whether it be and we can call it like a deal sweetener, or something like that the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy talks about this, there's different ways that you can sweeten the deal, whether it be a free trial, whether it be a bonus, that somebody gets a limited time bonus, whether it be a limited number available now, when it comes to the, the internet limited number available is kind of hard to do. But you could do you know, you get this bonus, if you sign up by this date, something that we've never done before that we're actually probably going to be testing out this time, I'll just tell you, since we're on day three, you know, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna hold anything back here is Yeah, at the end of this, I will be mentioning that the doors are open, but what we're gonna do is that I've never done before, is I'm going to I'm going to bundle a, a, one of our courses from our, from our program, that even if you just try it for 30 days, you get to keep the course even if you ask for your money back. And so that's going to really be a way to just kind of incentivize the deal and things like that. And so, listen, there's a lot of beliefs, opinions, and even judgments that people have against using certain things to incentivize deals. All this depends on Do you want a profitable business? Or do you want to be struggling? That's really the answer that I that I give people.

[276:28] Speaker 0: Yes. All right. That's brilliant. I just have one more, and then I'll come off. So you mentioned way back on the first zoom that we had, but you don't need customer testimonials. I mean, I have lots for one on ones. I have none for my group coaching program. So how does that work?

[281:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well use your one on one Testimonies for your group coaching program. Okay, just because those are people saying what working with you is like, yes, so yeah, so use those for that.

[284:45] Speaker 0: Brilliant, thank you.

[285:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yeah, again, you don't need them. i This is a big like, it'd be like the which came first the chicken or the egg, which came first the customer testimonies of the coach who started their business from scratch. A lot of people when they're just starting out, they're not going to have testimonies. But what they can do is they can point to what they've done, they can point to, they can talk about what they've helped other people do, you can also if you have no testimonies, find somebody who has followed the same process as you and share what their result is, even if it's not somebody who's worked with you. And I now be transparent and say, this isn't a result of them working with me. But this is a result of a system like this. I've used that before to, to close sales when I had zero case studies is that I've mentioned okay, you know, this is the same process that this business over here uses. Let's try it, let's test it out. And And nine times out of 10. If the person you're selling to trust you, they'll they'll be willing to take the risk and take the steps we're with you. This is why as well, we have to not worry or even concern ourselves with are these people going to like me or not? Are they going to trust me or not? Are they going to buy from me or not? How are they going to receive what I say? How am I going to be perceived, that type of gets caught up in our head, it gets caught up in the frontal lobe of our brain and we end up filtering our language through the energy of an insecure person who's concerned about what other people will think and how they will accept them. And that's what ends up happening subconsciously, when we even focus on you know, well, I don't have this I have that. And so we got we have to really work to remove the worry the concern about how people are going to perceive us what they're going to say what they're going to think when we do anything like this. The best way that I do that, as I as if I'm feeling anxious or nervous before I sell or jump on something even before I hop on a q&a like this. I'll just take five minutes and meditate and I'll breathe a breeze Get in and out. And I'll relieve myself of the stress and the anxiety of okay, I don't have to be perfect, I don't have to say everything perfect. I don't have to concern myself, if anybody here dislikes me, if anybody here even wants to pay attention to anything that I say, and when I remove that pressure from myself of, I have to do it right, I have to be perfect, I have to make sure to control what everybody thinks about me. Because really, that's what it is, is we're trying to control and make other people bend to our will, when we concern ourselves with that way, whether that's your personality or not, it doesn't matter. It's subconsciously at that level, when we are insecure or worried about are people going to accept us it's control based, because we're trying to make something go a certain way. And we're concerned if it doesn't, when we release that we let go of it, we let go of focusing on the outcome. And we just enjoy the process. When I do presentations like this. I have zero concern about anybody buying from me at all, not even in the back of my mind. It's not. And you could pressure me and try to force me Yeah, but really, you know, you got bills to pay Jeremiah. Like you could try to do that. And, and I'd be like, No, honestly, like, at this moment in time, I'm cool as a clam doesn't bother me. And that energy comes across, because then I'm able to show up as my most confident self, because I'm not trying to convince anybody that they should listen to me, I'm not trying to make anybody approve of me, or think that I am this great person that anybody should should listen to, whether you like me or not take it or leave it, I am who I am. And that's a big part of what in your sales copy, what you want to do is you want to attract the right people and repel the wrong ones. And you also want to do that in your sales pitch. You want to do that in your VIP as you want to make sure that people really know who they're getting when they work with you. I find way too often in business coaches, trainers and mentors, and this isn't directed towards you, Jessica or anybody else, I'm we're just going off in teaching, going off a little bit on a tangent here. So don't take any of this personally, this is just kind of to everybody's just something I really, really want to share with you. As we can concern ourselves so much with managing and maintaining our reputation. And trying to control what everybody thinks about us and putting a mask on, I'm only going to show you this much of my personality, so that you think nice things about me. And we create this facade, trying to make people think good stuff about us. Now, at the end of the day, I'm not going to go out there and do anything that's going to make you think ill of me, I'm not going to like try to be a jerk or try to try to do anything like that. But But I still will get one or two people who send me a message after an event like this. And they're just like, angry at what I taught. They think that I'm teaching people how to defraud others with fake coaching. That's the big complaint I get from people is because I tell people you know, you don't need to be an expert. You don't need to be certified. Anybody can go out there and succeed. But when you actually really listen to my heart, and you listen to me, and you understand where I'm coming from, with the training that I that I deliver, is that we we can't go into business in a sales interaction, ever concerned with how that other person is going to receive us. You dislike me? Great. It's a great day, you think I'm a jerk? Great. It's a great day, you don't like me? Awesome. You think I'm amazing? Great. It's a great day, you think that this is the best thing since sliced bread. Awesome, incredible. And you focus on that you just end up accepting any sort of perception that anybody has of you in that moment. Whether it's it's massive demonization of what you're doing, which I'll tell you this, when you get deep into the coaching business, no matter how much integrity you have you have people demonize you you will and and you will also have a ton of people that just love and almost a little bit inordinately love what you're doing. And that's the range of human emotion when you're going out there in business. So I try to say that upfront to people, so that you know what you're getting yourself into. I've never met any business owner, who has successfully avoided the negativity and had people not demonize them because they were quote unquote, good enough or quote unquote, had a level of honesty and integrity that they were perfect enough that everybody liked them. You're always gonna have a small one to 2% that just hate your guts and are angry that you showed up on their news feed and they want to verbally bash you and let you know all about that. And so when you can accept that and you don't let the worry or concern about anybody's opinion. Get into Your head at all. And you just show up with confidence with love with acceptance. And your goal is to connect with you're not trying to please the many. You're trying to be irresistible to the few. And that's what I'm trying to be right here is I want to be irresistible to the few that I know are a great fit to work with our coaching program. And I know that I'm not for everybody who signs up for our trainings. But I know that there is a group of people that I will be irresistible for. And that's, that's not really me trying to make that happen. What happens is when I stopped trying, this is just my personal experience, when I stopped trying to be anybody else. But myself, when I stopped trying to make you guys think, whatever about me, it's actually way more attractive, because it's authentic. It's coming from an authentic place. I'm not, I'm not trying to control any of that, honestly, crap, for lack of a better word. And it's more effective from the sales and revenue standpoint in my business to do that. So if I look at, okay, the revenue is a lot higher when I do this, might as well keep doing that every single month, instead of trying to make sure that everything's perfect. Whenever we make try to make sure everything's perfect or put together perfect. It stops us from succeeding, more than helps us in the long run. All right. So again, as I mentioned, that was a long tangent, but I'm passionate about that. And we talk a lot about that in our coaching program, we got a lot of one of the biggest, like, excitement, things that a lot of our paid clients say is, I just got my first hater that told me that I was the worst person in the world worse than scum. And it's like, yes, and the whole group like rejoices because you're actually going out there and doing something now, you actually put yourself out there to the point that you're headed in the right direction. The more negative feedback you get in the coaching business, it means you actually are actually headed in the right direction. I'm Sophia.

[433:32] Speaker 0: Oh, boy, you just are speaking to what I'm feeling because I just had got off the phone with a client who, you know, wonderful recession. And she had, you know, a month later said, Why didn't you respond to my email? I didn't get it. And she had nothing good to say. Anyway, so I'm like, I'm feeling it really heavy in my heart right now.

[440:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. That's a person who your boundary didn't benefit them and they want to hurt you so that they know that and they're used to. They're used to controlling other people with their disappointment.

[444:53] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[445:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a lot of those people who sign up for especially free trainings, you get more entitlement out of people that didn't pay you money than those that do.

[448:24] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay. So anyway,

[449:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was just very appropriated in the right direction, though. Let's get

[450:13] Speaker 0: up. Okay. I'll just have to do some self healing to relieve myself of that, right.

[451:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, totally. I've had conversations with my therapist, about all of this stuff. That's why I can talk so boldly about it is it's like, alright, new level goes up. So that you know, I mean, I, I could tell you stories. I try not to dwell on the stories, but I'm wanting to just encourage you guys, that that's part of

[456:57] Speaker 0: the process. Okay. Would it be appropriate to ask you to look at my landing page. Is that okay, here are not allowed?

[459:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay, good. Just shoot it over. What's the link? I will somebody in the chat asked, Can we get your PowerPoints for your five day trip? I don't have PowerPoints. I don't use any PowerPoints. I'm just sharing my screen while I'm teaching. And so the recording of all the sessions is in the members area when you log in at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you can find all of those recordings as well as the recordings to all of the paid sessions that we have. All right, let's take a look at this landing page right here. I will tell you to drop the background for sure it becomes distracting visually to people. Okay, so drop the background draw draw a new reality. Okay, I would not have a pop up either. No. Okay. Free workshop for healing through doodling no talent. Okay. Okay, so here's where this is where we're, this might be this might be part of the problem with this as well. I wouldn't tell people that it's a workshop on healing through doodling because what that is, is that's leading with what you're going to walk them through. Ah, not what they what they're what the end outcome is. Is so you want too. So you have that right here. Are you often stressed and exhausted? Has life become serious and heavy? Do you miss having fun? So I would actually build your copy around and have more fun and feel less stressed after just one session with us, and lead and build out some kind of a headline around that right here. And listen, I'm not gonna, all right, everybody's posting their landing pages in here. I'm not going to be reviewing everybody's landing pages on here. It's going to take me two or three hours to do

[488:03] Speaker 0: so. But it's not fair.

[488:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. Lifestyle,

[489:14] Speaker 0: I asked if it was okay.

[490:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So what I would do is I would take this copy right here, and I would focus on the again, these are negatives that they're having right here. Yeah, I would also focus on what is the you want to flip it to the positive outcome result that somebody experiences and I want you to maybe take a look in your experience. How has art and art and art therapy and all of this helped you heal? What we're seeing? healed from?

[499:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, underneath my headshot is just a tiny bit about me. I changed it after yesterday. Yeah. Okay.

[504:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. I would talk a little bit about in that, how did that report feel to you?

[506:40] Speaker 0: What, okay, sorry, what?

[508:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: What beliefs that you have to challenge that you thought I, you know, when when you got a report like that, and then we start sharing, and that's where we start getting a little more vulnerable, because that ends up speaking to who your main prospect is, it's going to work with

[512:31] Speaker 0: you. All right. So,

[513:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, just based on just based on looking at this, we want to lead with again, what is that struggle, the word stressed and exhausted, serious and heavy and fun. Let's get more detailed as to what those words actually mean. Oh, and so words, words are a form of art, just like you can draw with a pencil you can draw with words. And you can describe, you know, having fun versus describing, going bowling with your son in law and their new four month old son, that's what my mom is going to be doing this weekend. Those are two very different visuals right there. You know, having fun versus going bowling with your son in law series as life becomes serious and heavy. versus, you know, do you stay home all day, because you're avoiding going out and interacting with people because of the anxiety that's been crippling? See how we take those words, I'm not going to go too much deeper into this because a lot more analysis can go through and it would take up a lot of time here. But that's what that's what that's one of the big things that I recommend is you got to get more colorful with the language on your copy to where it paints a very clear picture in their mind of what their life was, has been up to this moment in time, that shows that you understand what they're going through and listen to could just be it doesn't have to be like specifically exactly one type of person, but you want it to be some kind of a story. And you could pull from your own narrative, your own experience, or people that you've worked with or heard their stories. So like, for instance, when I give the example of let's write a sales letter for public speaking well, how did I come up with that was because Stephen said he had public speaking. So I'm going to now start talking about okay, if you want to build a sales letter for public speaking, and it was a very relevant example everybody here in the group of how to use chat CBT which is really cool. And so that's what you want to do with your copy is you want to start to craft language that really gets more specific to the experience of the person that you want to attract as well as telling your experience and crossing that boundary a little bit of okay, you know, what are some of those things that you're more reserved that you don't tell people about maybe crossing that boundary a little bit and sharing some of those like deeper darker more serious heavy things and explaining what a stressed and exhausted look like to some What did it look like to you? What it stressed exhausted look like to start what does it look like to someone you work with? And so getting more more creative with visually describing these types of words. That's going to be a huge unlock for you. Right? They're

[559:10] Speaker 0: just not mentioned art at all.

[559:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll know you'll mention the art later further down the page. Oh, I

[560:59] Speaker 0: see. Okay. Yeah. So

[561:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's at the top of the page, you go in, you talk about the experiences, you talk about what somebody is struggling with and dealing with, as they go down the page you talk about, you found that art was the way that helped you with this, then you're going to walk people through that, but you don't lead with what you're selling, and lead with experience and story of person and desired transformation of their life that they want. So you lead with that. And then once they're hooked on that, you say, we do it through art, and here's how we do it, and then you break it down, as they go further down the page.

[570:49] Speaker 0: All right, Should I just leave the workshop title? Is that okay, as a heading drawn your reality?

[572:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's up to you, you could um, so in a lot of this, again, we have we have a course called landing page blueprint, in our in our accelerator program that really covers a lot of that right there. That will really help you come up with what, what to say at each section. That's been that's been a huge unlock for a lot of people is, that's what the that's what the beauty of just even the questions you just asked right here, when people are in the accelerator is we're able to go in and I'm able to look at, okay, here's what you got here. Let's tweak it. And then here's a training course that I already put together that will help cover steps five, six, and seven that I didn't just talk about. And that's what's really cool, then people were able to bring that back to the table and say, Okay, I've made the adjustments. And then I'm able to look at it and do all of that. And that's how people are getting results in the program because we're, we're iterating the same way that I would iterate if I was working with my mom, if I was working with Rick, but at scale with people that are able to do it in a group setting. And so that's that's how we've designed it is that way, which is really cool. All right, very much. Yeah. All right, Tammy, Vincent.

[591:13] Speaker 2: Okay, two quick questions. How you doing? First of all, and I will make this quick. One is you said use Squarespace. Is that a pretty does that go? Does that do your whole process? Or you need to still get email integration and all that stuff?

[594:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I use the email in MailChimp, MailChimp. Okay,

[595:37] Speaker 2: perfect. And then the other one is if you're going to do not a free offer, but a low dollar offer for the first one. What is a good time limit? Like if you're just doing like a $20 offer? is six weeks too early is $20 is

[599:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: six weeks is good. Okay, here's what you'll find, though, with an offer. If you're charging, like $20, do you have a big email list already? Not huge, okay. If you're going to be running paid ads to a paid offer, like a $20 offer, you're going to end up spending about 40 to $70 per sale. Okay, that's $20 Offer. So you're gonna end up losing about 20 to $50 for each person who signs up. So then you got to be able to make that on the back end with whatever you sell at that point. And that's not a bad acquisition cost right there. That's actually, I'm actually thinking like, that's actually a really good acquisition cost. And I'm need to start exploring doing that we're going to be we're actually going to be doing a paid, I think like a $23, one for my mom, here soon. And I'm and I'm considering even moving some reminder that the free brings the cost way down. So you can get a lead to test out and get that feedback loop going. The beauty of the feedback loop is that you're able to test things out, it's enough to cover and even double and triple your ad spend while you gather the data that you need to create the right lookalike audiences, we're going to be talking about that tomorrow. And while you gather the right feedback, loop data, because that's the that's the crazy part is, and so for Sophia, and for, even for Pamela and for Steven or anybody else who's watching this right now, your initial offer, you want to get feedback from people as to what their struggles are, what they want to learn. And then you you bring that into chat GPT and you have chat JpT actually pull specific language and words out of what other people have actually said. And then you put their exact words on your landing page. So now it's not just your words are kind of guessing, which actually btw, you're actually just repeating back to your prospect, exactly what words they've already said they're struggling with in their own language. And that that brings your ads cost way down when it's targeted to the same lookalike audience of people that also gave you that information. And so it just becomes this. You're kind of like a, a catalyst with the AI because the AI and Facebook is over here. And then you're taking the data from the people and you're merging those two together to have your offer and your ads targeting be exactly the same. So that brings your costs way down and that brings your sales volume way up.

[641:15] Speaker 0: Okay. Gotcha. All right

[642:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Monia?

[646:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Money I lowered him okay

[648:13] Speaker 0: are you are you on here money? Yeah. I don't hear a microphone

[651:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so Pamela, let's take a look at your your page right here. Okay. So the first thing that I'm seeing is, is this we're going to be sending people with an ad. Okay. So the big part of this is I'm a little bit distracted by what's at the top here?

[657:15] Speaker 0: And it would be

[658:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Have you ran any of this through chat GBT to see what it outputs for you?

[659:33] Speaker 0: Pamela I can't, I can't hear you. Sorry. If you click teach me how to sleep better, that's the landing page. A

[665:32] Speaker 0: little bit lower, there's a button a little lower on the on the page is a button. Right Start here for better sleep. That will take you to the page.

[668:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll tell you this, it's very hard to navigate your site right now I would simplify a lot of it. And I would not have this at the top here at all. I would have some kind of a maybe a

[674:00] Speaker 1: an image of of what? Something from Canva that directs people to, to this offer right here. Okay. unlock the power of sleep revitalizer sleep? Are they taking a toll? Well, here's what you got to you got to deal with here. Sleep isn't the main issue that you solve? What is the end? What is the reason people need more sleep? What is the problem that sleep is causing exhaustion isn't the issue either

[681:13] Speaker 0: the people are having a problem with falling asleep, or staying asleep. That's what I help them do.

[683:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, I understand that. But that's not that's not a reason why somebody would buy from you. So we got to look at is we have to take a look at. Let's just go right into this is why I say if you run if you just run through the prompts that we went through today, that's going to help open up a lot of different language for you. Lack of sleep, you want to know what that deal is that is irritability. Having a better marriage, if you have better sleep, it deals with being more creative in your in your job, getting a promotion. These are the end outcomes of getting better sleep.

[696:03] Speaker 0: Talk that people really like and it tells you about sleep deprivation, and how it's linked to heart attacks, diabetes, cancer, osteoporosis, and memory loss. So maybe I should pick one of those.

[701:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would pick the one that people that you've worked with. Because you have clients, right?

[702:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, about seven.

[703:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Then okay, then you got to take what is the what is the you got to get into what's called pattern recognition. To where what is the pattern of all the clients that you've worked with? See? Okay, you got you got a 7000 clients?

[706:43] Speaker 0: Yeah, we've been in business for Wow. Yeah. So then you

[707:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have the data already, of how to how to create the perfect offer. It's based off of when people come into your office, what is the what is the number one two and three thing that they say that they're they're struggling with? And what is the number one two and three? problem that that's even causing in their life? And so for instance, do you do you get in the conversation with you? And they're like, yeah, like I struggled to sleep and now my, my wife and I are fighting. You know that people tell you things like that.

[718:20] Speaker 0: Usually tell me about how they got kicked out of the bedroom. Okay. Sometimes people are headed for Divorce. Yeah, it was probably more than sleep,

[720:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that would be a very interesting offer that you could put out there you headed for divorce because you're you have sleep issues. See, now that's a complex that is more than just want to sleep better. It's like that's a real pain that somebody has they need to solve, ASAP, right? Are they are you headed for divorce because your snoring is too much? You know, things like that. So that's so that's what we want to get into is not just your, you're tired. But like, what is the what is the systemic, kind of the real root problem of sleep issues. For instance, if somebody is, alcohol is a great one, if they're having trouble getting off of alcohol, the real root issue is they're dealing with a lot of mental health stuff going on. And they've probably had different aspects of their life that they've ruined, because of alcohol. So we want to speak to what those sub symptoms are, that while you might not be an expert in that, the sleep is kind of what's causing that sub symptom. And you build your offer around that as a solution. And that's what will attract more people to actually sign up with you and then want to hear a presentation. And then that's where you end up communicating and talking the same way that you would with the 7000 clients that you've had for years. And what you do is you just as you're connecting communicating on video, you're you're able to, to demonstrate to them, the experience the expertise, that you have to help solve very real problems that they that they're struggling with. And so but but in online marketing, people don't, don't buy solutions just because the solution exists. There's a lot of solutions to every problem that's out there. People buy on the internet, because they have an emotional connection with working with you to solve a very specific, nagging problem in their life that they just are sick and tired of. And so when we can, in our language get more specific with that, that'll help you tremendously as well, I would drop the background, the colored backgrounds here, I wouldn't have the option for him, I guess it's okay on the side here. But we got to get more, more better language, not just unlock the power of sleep. But like say goodbye to sleepless nights and revitalize your life. Get you know, improve your improve your marriage relationships, and mood. With natural restful sleep, coaching, like whatever that is, you want to start talking about those types of outcomes and get more specific in the language and the storytelling that you're talking about. This is what I've just shared with Sophia and I just share with you Pamela, this is about a huge aspect of what a lot of in our accelerator of people, they'll bring our offer to me and I'll be able to look at it. It's funny. Being able to look at some of your offers does. Does help no sleep people's weight gain? Yeah, exactly. So all of that. Those are all factors in that. Somebody asked how much is the accelerator program? I could say you just gotta wait till Friday to find out but no, it's it's $2,000 for the year 166 bucks a month. So to some people that's really cheap to others. They think that that's just astronomical and then I should should be appalled at myself for charging that much. That's okay. There is always a wide range of responses from people. All right, ammonia. Ammonia. I hear your microphone, I think is your microphone working

[791:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: does not look like the microphones working? All right. All right, everybody. Um, well, I want to I as I said, we started late here. So we still have probably about 15 more minutes. If anybody has any questions about their landing page about things like that, um, no, it's fine. You want to type your question in the chat. You could totally do that. Honestly. I'm thinking about removing the video aspect of the q&a. I'm some of my future A free events and only taking questions by chat this because it

[801:58] Speaker 0: can get distracting. So

[802:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom told me I needed to remove the video aspect. She's all about like, have certain levels of boundary that people got to pay for. She's usually right. This one to ask more about the strategy for making a landing page exclusive. Oh yeah. So it's to make it invisible on your website. That's a that's an interesting term. You just wouldn't put it in the navigation bar on your site. If it's on Squarespace, you create it as like an unlisted page. You can set password protection on a specific page. If you're talking about just being a Squarespace, yes, they got password protection on Squarespace, the way that we use and I'm not sure exactly are you asking because you want to put your course there or paid material or you just, you don't want it to be in the navigation bar on your site? Because there's a couple of different reasons that you would hide your landing page. I guess your I guess I wouldn't do a landing page is password protected? So yeah, so a lot of the pages that we put out there. Um, I have a ton of pages that are just hidden on my site that you can access. And here's the thing, any page that you create on Squarespace. It's hidden unless it's in the navigation or it's on a page where people can access it. In the Squarespace the way though that we would. There were these five day trainings isn't visible.

[829:09] Speaker 0: Well,

[829:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually, the five day training is visible right here on this page, are you talking about the recordings to the VIP? Because if we're talking about that, then that would be over in our members area right here, which is built on thinkific.com. So think if ik doc, see, that's what I was wondering when you were saying that about the landing page versus what's not visible in the content. So think if ik.com is actually the platform that we use, when people pay it, it stores the content in a course in our members area, that people access, okay, so when somebody logs into Thinkific, this bundle is right here. And then this gives you the recordings right here, the VIP session recordings and the bonus sessions. So this right here, that's in Thinkific, you can also use teachable.com, you could use podia.com. That's another platform, there's different platforms for that. Those are called learning management systems, an LMS. And so think if ik, or teachable, or podia is an LMS. And that's how they give us links when we want to charge for our programs and stuff. They give us the links for people to actually pay for it. So like all of our course content is here as well, all of the lessons for our courses. It's a brand new course that we just started this week on recurring memberships, will be about four to six lessons in that here's a chat GPT course that members of our our community get as well five full lessons on writing, sales, copy, communication and time management, advanced prompt strategies. And this is like high level advanced strategy, I go into some really crazy stuff on that one if you want to get real nerdy with it. So think if IK is what we use to house is where this is where the paid content actually lives. Like we have all of our monthly trainings archive, this is all of the trainings that we do with our group, you can access those and go through those as well. Okay. The link to actually pay me that uses Thinkific as well. And so on my site on Squarespace. I will build my landing page. Why do I use Squarespace his landing page builder and not think effects? I think will definitely I wasn't I'm gonna I'm gonna go over email marketing, landing pages and all that tomorrow. We're going to be touching on that tomorrow. Because a lot is a lot of these questions right here. So we'll be we'll be covering a few of those details. We have courses in our accelerator as well, that go in detail where I'm like walking you through, okay, real slowly, step by step, here's where you move that. But I also say that YouTube is a great resource to use for that to learn the technical aspects of where do you move your mouse, where do you log them in and stuff like that?

[879:02] Speaker 0: And so

[880:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I'm actually selling my coaching, when you when you go to sign up for the coaching, I have a button and a link that Thinkific gives me, they actually give me a URL link that then I can put on my website on a button on my Squarespace site that then sends people to check out with their credit card over on Thinkific. And then that's what gives people access to the program in Thinkific. That way, okay. So that's, that's how we've set it up as doing it that way. Why not just use Squarespace. Squarespace didn't offer that functionality at the beginning. They do have courses and memberships now built into Squarespace, too. So you could actually just run your whole thing through Squarespace. I prefer how Thinkific organizes the content again, you could get really hung up on trying to figure out all the tech stuff. And that's not going to make you any money. Actually, it's what's going to make you money is getting people in front of you that you can make sales presentations to getting people in front of you that you can actually tell about what you offer as a coach. Having a free offer that then leads people to a paid offer, the free offer that's irresistible to people to where they sign up with their name and email address. And it gives you an opportunity to connect with the people that you're going to direct over to your paid offer over here. Okay. All right. I'm going to log off here. This has been a great q&a. Thanks, everybody for being on here. We'll be going over though. Yeah, the landing pages, the Facebook ads, the some Someone asked about email marketing, we'll be we'll be covering that part of it. Because it is part of launching and scaling. We'll be covering that tomorrow. So that'll be that'll be a great session. That's why I said to just just advice you guys, I had one direction that I really wanted to take with day four. But because of the feedback that I've gotten from this VIP q&a, I'm gonna go in a slightly different direction, that's going to actually better serve this audience in groups that I have in front of me. And so that's why it's not advised to just create a whole bunch of content, pre recorded, put it out there and then hope people sign up. It's but you really want to listen to what are the questions people are asking? Where are they at on their journey, and start to deliver that, even if you have something else in mind that you want to share with people? If you're if I'm constantly like having people ask me a specific question about something in our coaching program, that I ended up creating a training on it, I ended up having the people that I'm coaching, that it's it's led and directed by the feedback from the people that we connect with every single day. And so there's a, there's a small percentage of coaches, trainers and mentors that think that that's just a terrible way to teach and build. That's why coaching is a little bit different than teaching. As I want to lead people to a desired outcome, and transformation versus just I have all this information. And I and I want to teach you all this stuff. I want to figure out, okay, where are you stuck? How can we help you get unstuck? And how can we serve you to get the results that you want. And so that's what's really cool about when we do a VIP like this, I'm able to get really direct feedback as to what what to talk about in a five day event like this, I usually have the first three days pretty rigidly planned out. And then day four and five, is really based off of the type of feedback that they get off the VIP, which is pretty cool. So same in our coaching program. It's very much directed by what are the questions people are asking in the program? What are they struggling with? What are they dealing with? See, it doesn't matter if I have something amazing that I want to help people with and teach them like that, that I

[948:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the knowledge that I have that I want to tell people about if it's not relevant to the people, I'm coaching, where they're at, they're stuck at this moment in time. That's just wasting people's time if I'm going to be talking about stuff like that, and I'm trying to find the words for this. It's it's gonna make it'll make me it'll make you a whole lot less money in your business. To try to get people to buy into what you want them to buy what you want to teach people versus Having your community kind of lead and craft and evolve the conversation. And so that's why, again, mapping out planning out every lesson of your program and your system and your methodology. It's it's not even a very it's not as it's not a very good way to build a coaching program, in my opinion. So not everybody agrees with that. But I, I strongly believe that that's, that's how we built coaching programs for years. That's how we built it with Rick. That's how we built it with my mom. And that's what I think that's the feedback from other people. Is why it becomes so profitable

[971:51] Speaker 0: to really help people so we want to be relevant.

[972:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, I hear you now.

[973:05] Speaker 0: I know I found that fix that sorry. Yeah, yeah. I just wanted to emphasize, but you're saying that, yes, it has to be relevant. And it actually makes a lot of sense.

[976:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you know, I, I used to work with a lot of people that they, they had a message and they're like, I'm called to deliver this message to people, but nobody wanted to listen to their message. And they would come to me and say, How can I get more people to listen to this message? I've been called to get this message to people. And I say, Well, do you know what people actually want? They're like, I don't care what they want. I want them to listen to this message. And I'm just like, you're not going to get anybody to listen to you. And then they would say, well, so and so as a teacher, and they got tons of people to listen to that. Well, have you looked at how they do it? And usually the person they reference is somebody who's very much listens to what people want and uses this methodology. And so this is just in the coaching, teaching, training, mentoring space. We gotta we have to really pay attention to the feedback we're getting from others, and and that is the catalyst for everything else. So all right, everybody. Thank you. Yeah. Have a good one. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye.

