2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-04-18T22:21:27.000Z
Duration: 100 min
Otter ID: Px7z6BfuUSkV6vpYWilmRA6ZFAY
---

[0:51] Speaker 0: Let's see who's all on here.

[2:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're streaming into the Facebook group. Right y'all. Come on over here on us live on Facebook, zoom here

[7:32] Speaker 0: so the 14th on us live q&a. Live. We'll go All righty. Everybody.

[12:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to this

[14:03] Speaker 0: bonus q&a session.

[14:33] Speaker 0: How you doing today? I'm glad you're here. I'm

[15:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: glad that you could join us. Glad that you can connect with us. So this is, this is your time to ask any questions you got about growing a coaching business growing a speaking business, getting clients making multiple six figures. And, you know, I realized something I just have to clarify.

[23:39] Speaker 0: Apparently, some people

[24:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: thought that the training this past week was all about,

[26:49] Speaker 0: you know,

[27:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: how to be a great coach, and how to impact people and how to masterfully do the coaching business. No, it's about how to make as much stinking money as possible on your bank account with a coaching business. And unfortunately, I got some emails from people they are not they were not satisfied with the fact that that was the focus. They actually felt misled and upset that money making was such a big part of what we talked about. And they felt that it was a it was a it was a very wrong focus of mine, that I should stop talking about money. And that it's a it's a it's a terrible thing. And so to them, I said, so sorry, you know, I'm the guy you come to to learn how to make more money, I'm not the guy you come to for everything else. So

[43:05] Speaker 0: I'm I will be more

[44:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: aware of that in the future just to make people know that that what I teach is how to bring cash flow in and how to make as much stinking money as possible, and everything else comes secondary to that. So anybody who's here if you got some questions about the coaching business, and again, when I say business, you know, business is about making money. I just I'm surprised that people think that when I say business that I was talking about hobby, nonprofit and volunteer work, but guess that's everybody's different strokes for different folks. So who does anybody have a question about getting clients in your coaching business, how to get people to become a client about anything that we talked about last week, about our coaching program about working with me, what I love is our coaching group is is committed to going after their goals impacting people and making as much thinking money as possible. But what I find is that when I go out there to the public, people seem to interpret things differently. So that's okay. Totally fine. Dr. Denise Shannon,

[63:45] Speaker 2: what's up? Well,

[64:59] Speaker 0: that was an interesting intro. I

[66:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm surprised anybody would come listen to me and think that and tell me that I should stop talking about making money. I just thought

[68:32] Speaker 0: yeah, that's, that's a little surprising. Yeah,

[69:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got a couple emails about it. I should focus on I should focus on actually helping people and instead of how to bring in the most amount of cash.

[72:45] Speaker 0: Well, the thing is, if you want to help people, you have to be able to sustain your business. You're helping people and if you can't, and if you can't monetize and you can't help. Yeah, I mean, kinda like when you're on the plane, and they say if there's, if there's a problem, put your oxygen mask on, then on the kids,

[79:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, no, but I just just Just case in point. There's a lot of great people out there that will teach you the million ways of how to be the best coach in the world. I teach people how to cashflow their business like that's literally what I do. And that's my niche. So it's like if somebody came to me expecting something different, I'm just really surprised at that, because I don't even like market myself that way.

[87:23] Speaker 0: Well, so, I do have another question, but I have to formulate it. But you know, I was looking for the replay of Saturday's session. And I quit. Yeah,

[90:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's in the Facebook group. I believe it is not up online anywhere. I was in the Facebook group, but it will it'll be posted sometime in the next week or so.

[93:44] Speaker 0: Okay, because I wanted to make sure that you've given me some feedback on that. And I want to make sure that I have

[94:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: this. Yeah, it'll it'll be it'll be in there. I'm having trouble. Even streaming this one of the Facebook groups. So we have the recording of this one and Saturday. It'll be it'll be in there. sometime this week, if not next week, in the Facebook group itself. No, in the members area where you log in at members dot Jeremiah Krakowski. Yeah.

[100:42] Speaker 0: Okay. Now, the other thing is, if you're starting a new program, right? And, you know, you're starting to talk to people one on one, not with the paid traffic or whatever, and I guess it could, it could apply to paid traffic as well. But in terms of the payment, if someone's requesting a payment plan, or you're offering a payment plan, and what's been your experience, when you say, Well, I'm offering a payment plan, and it's it's three payments, and then some people might come back and say, Well, you know, I really need four or five payments. And let's say step 90,

[112:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: say so sorry, it's not gonna work for you then.

[113:43] Speaker 0: Because those are the terms.

[114:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I mean, I'm,

[115:37] Speaker 0: yeah, just,

[116:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wouldn't bend over backwards to try to accommodate other people needing smaller payments and things like that. I don't, not in this business.

[119:12] Speaker 0: And what's the cons of that? Actually? I mean, I understand that the logic, but is it that you find that people in the end might not pay at all

[121:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, they won't make the second payment, if they're asking for that 90% of them won't. So that person is going to either probably ask for their money back, in my experience, 90% of the time you give, you give somebody in an inch of an exception, and they demand and expect 10 miles, every time they talk to you, that's what happens. Okay? And so like, like, literally, like, oh, I can't make three payments, can you make it five, that person now expects that much flexibility in everything from you. And that's not sustainable in a business, right? Like, you can flex that for one person. But you you also that same type of person is going to often times come back, ask for their money back from the first payment or stop paying and say, Oh, something came up things like that. If they're having trouble making the first payment, that's just not somebody who's a good fit, good fit for you. And that's why it's important to as well to speak to people who have income and enough money to actually pay you. Right figure out if you're getting a lot of people saying, Hey, I can't afford it, I can't afford it, that directly relates to you're just attracting a lot of really broke people, and broke people don't make good customers of coaching businesses. They don't they make they make great constituents to ministries, and they fill a seat at churches. And beyond that, they're, they're not somebody as much as you may want to serve them. I would direct them to free content that you have and and tell them you know, get some value from this, and then reserve anything that's paid, as I'm telling them, all of our clients, you need to double, triple and quadruple your rates not lowering

[154:25] Speaker 0: exactly as well. And this is a missing item too. So

[155:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so it's it's just that I wouldn't I wouldn't lower myself down to make something easier for somebody to pay. In that sense. If it's a three pay like that. That works great. Now, it depends on what the payment amount is, if the payment amount is I found the breaking point is about $2,000 a month for people. If if somebody has to pay more than two grand per month, so that adds up to if it's a 12 month, that's a 24 to $25,000 program, it's a very expensive program. But anywhere below that, it's really just about making sure you get the right person in front of you. Because we we've sold packages 1500 $1,700 a month on it's on a 12 pay. And we'd have we've had people pay the whole all 12 payments, no problem, because it's the right person that's qualified. So the other thing is, is that price is never the issue. The only reason somebody says that price is the issue because they don't see the value in it. Or they're just, they're just not like okay, you could make an argument, well, there's people on welfare that you could really help and you should give it to them. And all that, well, I got free stuff for those people.

[176:29] Speaker 0: I'm, I'm,

[177:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm looking to and in a coaching, mentoring and speaking business, and we talk about making a quarter of a million to a half a million dollars a year, right? You know, you'll make 500 or $2,000, helping and really broke people all day long, you won't get to that quarter million to a half a million dollars a year doing that. And so you got to actually upgrade the level at which the people that you work with and talk to are at, you know, what I constantly look at is, what are the questions that are coming in, to be honest, I'm, I'm I,

[186:29] Speaker 0: I found that in the beginning,

[187:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of beginners, they get really excited about things, and then they quit. Because they're not they don't have the grit to stay consistent. And so when I shift to actually focus on people that are willing to make the investment and willing to take action, and they're not making excuses, and they're adult, they don't have 1000 reasons, here's how I know if somebody's qualified or not. As if when I tell them, hey, go do this in their business, I don't hear 10 to 30 reasons why they can't do it. And that's not it's not that may sound arrogant on my part, it wouldn't be if I didn't have the track record and experience to back it up. But in our coaching group, when people join our coaching group, they, they might say, hey, you know, I'm not sure this is gonna work out and I say, Okay, let's explore that, right? Like, I'm not gonna be a dictator over here. But there's a teachability. It's not somebody who always has an excuse and a reason for why they can't. And so even that just goes, right. It's a mindset thing. Okay, I can't make three payments, can you make it five payments, that's the same mindset of somebody who comes up with 10 to 20 reasons why they can't follow your system. And now they're gonna blame, by the way, that same person will now blame your system for why they didn't succeed. And they'll call you a scammer who stole their money?

[208:34] Speaker 0: See, after a lot of programs offline. Yeah. And this is, you know, and I'm just starting to offer programs online. Yeah. similar kinds of cards. And it's a mid range program, it could be anywhere from 3000 to 5000. And it's actually worth much, much more than that. But because it's like an entry level. That's what I'm doing. And I've watched marketers, you know, charge, you know, 1015 $20,000, generally somewhere between seven to 12 Recently, and they'll have a payment payment plan. But I don't get the sense that people are asking them for extensions.

[221:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, they're not. And again, the person who tries they actually, I will say, they probably do get a lot of people asking them for extensions, and in their email, and their customer service department and your customers, I know that they do. And the response is, hey, we don't offer extension to them. This this is that, you know, maybe try it later, turning people away, being willing to and this is a powerful thing, being willing to actually turn away somebody from your business, being willing to actually reject somebody from coming through the door is a good thing. Right? And I think that, that a lot of there's this, there's this mindset that like, we don't want to do that. That's, I'm not really sure where that comes from, but I've never seen it to to have a positive effect on a business. Right. So when we're when we're working with people, and when I what I'm saying is, is I've I've seen it happen where you see all the stories where people are like, you know, I just saw a comment on on Frank Kearns Instagram the other day, Frank, you stole 10 grand from me, you You crooked lying bastard. Oh, my goodness. And, and Frank didn't respond. But I looked at the guy and I'm like, I guarantee you this guy joined Frank's program and had an inflated level of expectation of what he was getting out of it. And that's why it's important to express the expectation upfront. That's why I make it very clear to people that when they join our program, how much interaction they're going to get with me and, and a lot of people get angry before they come through the doors with me. And I'm glad at that, because then they didn't get angry after they became a client. You know, they got upset and disappointed by whether it be how I talk, my attitude, how direct I am, they got upset by the fact that I talk about making money all the time. The fact that I'm I'm focused on not creating codependent relationships with clients. The fact that I expect people to be grown adults and to be self starters and taking action without needing somebody to check in on them to make sure that they're doing their work. By the way, if you join our coaching program, I'm not going to be checking in on you to see if you're doing your work. That's not who we are. That's not who we attract. And, and we've had some people leave our program, because they, for whatever reason, expected a lot more hands on check in from me, where are they thought I was reaching out to them? And I'm like, Okay, well, I'm not sure why I ever sold that to you. And they're like, it's just, that's what I thought a coach did. And I'm like, Well, no, it's a group coaching program. And in the way that I've designed a group coaching program, and the way that I recommend you grow group coaching program, which I've learned from my mom, who learned from Bill Glazer, and Dan Kennedy, and I've learned from Dan Kennedy as well treat people like adults expect them to show up, and don't make room for the person that that honestly should just go back to their corporate job. And I don't mean that to be harsh, but a lot of people really should just go get a job because all they want to do is make money and they want somebody to tell them what to do. If you just want to make money from somebody telling you what to do. That's that corporate job is a great place to do that. Joining a coaching or consulting program is and so and so by setting that baseline standard, and then everything is above that line, like, like, this is the line that you have to cross to be qualified for our program. And when you set that level, the that's why the price point is where it's at. And we don't make exceptions for the price either.

[282:46] Speaker 0: That makes sense. That makes sense. Makes perfect sense. Yes. Thank you. Appreciate it. Yeah,

[284:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's that's that's awesome. And I you know, I'm I'm thankful I can articulate it the way that I can now because I couldn't years ago and I'm I'm glad that I can So alright, and anybody else have any other questions about your coaching business about getting clients about making money about our client growth accelerator, etc. Diane?

[291:42] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah. Hello. Hello. So I signed up I'm ready to jump in excited my here's my thought yeah, thank you and I do appreciate the way you coach i i know that i will get where I want to get quicker with your guidance and just learning I believe that you have to say and in the group so I'm at the point where I've started a few webinars but I really need help with my facebook you know, getting my Facebook ads right and the cost down and so when we picked up sir where I'm at right okay, yeah, so yeah, I just I'm looking forward to getting you know, that first thing started because once I can get those ads working right, I'll get more registered more showing up and it'll just flow I think much easier.

[305:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, we have the we have the fast start training tomorrow, whether you can attend live at least tried to watch the recording to it, it'll be broken down. Specifically for it's designed for you to either watch the recording or to watch live and get questions asked about where to start with everything. And so what we do is the program is always it's always going and then we have the courses and anybody can can join when we open the doors and you kind of start with Okay, here's the fast start. Here's where to start with and then for wherever your unique stages here's what to focus on again, for you to focus on is going to be knowing about how to read the reports right when running your Facebook ads, but also setting up an offer that gets the right lead cost that's again going to be related to your ad creative. Your ad copy. as well as the offer copy itself is where everything hinges off of. And so you're in the right place for that, what I'm excited to look at is, is where you can bring your offers to the table, you can go post those in the group, and I'm going to be able to be able to look at those, I have a number of people that have posted since Friday, I need to go look at here, I took pretty much the whole weekend off of working. Besides the q&a call on Saturday, that's why the recording isn't even up because I didn't do anything. I didn't even send it to anybody. I just was like, I'm not working at all for the last three days. And then I had a photo shoot this morning. And so I've just kind of been in sort of chill relaxed mode, I sort of do that after I do a five day event has that kind of take four or five days where I'm just go out and go real, real chill. Because I was like, go so hard. And then we do that. And then we pick back up again during the fast start day, which is fun. So I'm excited. I'm glad that you're in here. And I'm excited to get to work with you.

[335:36] Speaker 3: All right on. Thank you. Yeah, so when I check the emails that you sent me, I'll see the link for that live tomorrow. Yeah.

[338:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You should get a link here today as well. There is also a link in the Facebook group for it. Yeah, always will usually send out notifications the day before that there's a there's an official zoom call. We send out we post in the Facebook group a lot as far as updates and when things are and I pin it to the top. And so that's a great place to check for that. Oh,

[344:16] Speaker 3: perfect. Okay, that's too bad. I'm Canadian funds here because everything is like 30% more, but that's okay. When I charge and American funds for my course. I'll get it back. Awesome.

[347:47] Speaker 0: Thank you. All right.

[349:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pamela, a lot of Canadians either Canadians either love or hate me it's funny you're I think you're I think you're the type that allowed me I have some they're just like you know, you're just you're just you're just not nice like us Canadians you're way too rude Jeremy but I love I grew up in Michigan so like just barely in Canada myself so I got a lot of friends I've worked with a lot of people I've worked with from Canada I love Canadians so all right Pamela hope you're frozen

[361:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're frozen on me

[362:12] Speaker 2: is about and analytic

[363:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: sorry sorry Pamela your your camera and your microphone don't seem to be coming through at all.

[366:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, let me let me switch over to them for me

[369:09] Speaker 2: How about now

[369:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you go. I hear you

[371:05] Speaker 2: about now I hear you yes I'm sick one of us trying to ride my bike give them up physical therapy in and talk to you. Um, I was stuck on Google Analytics. I wanted to put this I have that you a cold okay, I haven't I haven't done anything to upgrade it.

[377:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, what what type of site Do you know how to

[378:43] Speaker 2: how to put that into your website? I can see your Squarespace website is I can't find your tutorials I thought you said we would have access to them and I just don't know

[381:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: why no you're don't get all my courses that our from my coaching program No, there is a tutorial that I give you as far as part of the VIP that gave you some trainings that covered as a funnel building but no there's no like there's not and if I misrepresented myself that you thought that you get all of my courses as part of this I do apologize but no that is not included with with the VIP upgrade at all those are only part of the client growth accelerator program

[389:38] Speaker 2: well what what what videos can I access that are included to with this VIP upgrade?

[391:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you go you go into the login over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com Do you want me to list everything out for you

[394:23] Speaker 2: know if I can get in there I can just go and look

[395:19] Speaker 1: okay

[396:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: can I can I what?

[396:36] Speaker 2: Can you put it in the chat where I'm supposed to go? Yeah.

[398:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you go to members at Jeremiah krakowski.com. The link is also in any of the in the VIP email that we've sent you as well.

[400:34] Speaker 0: Oh no, there's not. There's not full

[402:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: courses in there that you get with this there is let me show you what it is. And again, if if that's what you thought, I'll have to figure out where the breakdown was where I seem to egregious ly misrepresent what you actually got

[407:51] Speaker 2: don't worry about trying to break down. That's for me.

[409:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Me, so the sessions right here. So you log in to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com And you just get the VIP bundle right here. And the VIP bundle has the session recordings. As the VIP recordings I got to add the bonus recording from Saturday and this one then there's the launcher six figure coaching offer recording. There's the offer Launchpad recording right here, which is the eighth session training that we did. This is the sales training bundles sales mindset sales presentation, which is which are just two lessons from one of our main courses. This is the chat CBT sales letter prompts and chat CPT sales letter training right here. The get unstuck from taking action training fun and freedom training, VIP mindset training, the growing your email list step by step training that I did two weeks ago getting dream clients with paid advertising training, building your group coaching business from scratch training and build your six figure marketing funnel training. This one's about like building out the funnel and Squarespace and just how simple it is to do that. But no, I don't go over the Google Analytics or any of that in there. As far as doing that in Squarespace goes though I'll show you where you where you do it where you set it up if you go into your Squarespace site

[432:27] Speaker 0: under Settings under Advanced

[434:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe it's I believe it's somewhere in here.

[435:36] Speaker 0: I see. Or is it under marketing? They've moved all this around.

[438:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know what I'd recommend though, when it comes to a lot of a lot of the like, where do you put Google Analytics code and stuff like that is to go to YouTube and find a lot of that through YouTube. Um, you might have to just put it into the into the code injection right there now see Google Analytics for code Squarespace. Replacing okay. How do you add it to Squarespace? Use the built in Squarespace integration. Okay, there it is. Yeah. It was right here. external API keys Google Analytics right there. Okay. So you just put the the, the Google Analytics

[455:34] Speaker 0: code number right there. Okay.

[456:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's just under under settings in Squarespace advanced, external API keys and it goes right here. I knew they had a section for it.

[459:02] Speaker 0: Okay. Yep. All right. All right. Larry Morningstar.

[462:55] Speaker 0: Larry Morningstar. Yeah, hi. Hi, there. Can you hear me?

[464:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Oh, perfect.

[465:18] Speaker 4: Yeah, I just really love your style, Jeremiah, I've been riding the train with you for the last week and a half love and and resonate with what you're really advocating here about really speaking directly to target audience and really about fine tuning, you know, your message and really getting clear on what's the service, you know, to be delivered, and what's natural to be speaking, you know, to the, to the to the audience, and so I'm on board there. What has been your experience with with your clients in this program of being comfortable on camera and getting set up so that they can be comfortable being on camera and delivering a message and being who they are comfortably? You know, through trial and error?

[479:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I find a lot A lot of the people who are in our program, they jump in, they might not feel as comfortable. My biggest recommendation is is getting comfortable on camera is kind of like getting comfortable swimming in the deep end of a pool. You're never going to feel comfortable on camera initially. But the more you do it, the better you'll get at it, and showing up with those nerves. Also really looking at, okay, what's the mental wire, what's the root cause of the uncomfortability. And exploring that. But what I have found is that a lot of the people who at least have in our program, that's a good point, they, they generally feel more comfortable than the average person on camera that does join our program. Or if they don't, they end up getting that way by doing it. And I don't mean this to sound like. Like, I don't have empathy, I really was really uncomfortable on camera for years. And I just the way I got better at it was I just, I just did the thing that scared me the most more often. And I say this a lot with my coaching group. Sometimes with growing a coaching business, you're gonna have to do something that makes you literally feel nauseous in the pit of your stomach and just do it. And just do it more often to get comfortable with it and then explore okay, why do I feel so uncomfortable doing this thing. And that could be any number of things to see, when we talk about uncomfortability I break it down more, you could be uncomfortable using chat GPT to write sales copy, you could be uncomfortable using Squarespace to set up your landing page, you could be uncomfortable posting on social media, you can be uncomfortable making a Facebook ad you can be uncomfortable running and spending money on a Facebook ad. Those are all sort of have the root cause of what I've identified as it's either related to if it's not fear, then it can actually be related to perfectionism and more of a root cause of like a pride and perfectionism type of thing, where if you're not afraid, you're just concerned that you're not good enough yet. And being self judgmental. Okay. And so by,

[518:48] Speaker 4: in my particular case, I've got one eye that is burned in. Yeah, so I've never really been comfortable ever taking photos, you know, having photos being taught, you know, being taken only because of the fact that it looks kind of weird. So going on,

[523:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: but but weird to one person is a different to another. I mean, you could be the branding of the guy with the eyepatch. If you want to do that, that's one thing you could do. I know a lot of people that like there's There's this one guy that I know who the I've seen people with every physical limitation, quote unquote, or difference from what we consider the norm, I guess would be the politically correct way to say it. And just when they put themselves out there without the fear of people judging them. People do not notice that and the people who judge that type of stuff. For instance, I would say I I'm a little bit awkward on camera just naturally like I don't think that I sound like a Grant Cardone or a Russell Brunson or these guys that I look up to and no matter how much I try to sound like them. I find this me being naturally myself the way that I flow, the way that I look. The way that I'm kind of a little bit awkward actually resonates with people when I just own the fact that I'm kind of a little I'm a gamer, weird dude who just go I want to help people and that's my goal is I want to help people I make my goal bigger than what's going on inside of me. So in that again, I want to have empathy for that and I know I'm sure people have been very mean to you and your life for that but

[547:48] Speaker 4: you made a very strong point would you are you also going to make suggestions in terms of the right lighting and equipment in order to have the best environment for going on camera as suggestion suggestions and proposal to be more comfortable going?

[553:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll give you those suggestions right here. Honestly, if you can do it near a window if you have a limited budget, your your video is going to be 1000 times better. If you can do some kind of a not just a white background, but maybe some stuff behind you some pictures on the wall pattern and things like that. That works. But you don't have to I think people put way too much stock and trying to make The perfect environment and the perfect camera and things like that. My camera that I have is just a $30 camera I got off of Amazon. And I use a $30 camera to this day, because I really want to show that you don't need to make a huge investment in equipment. And I And yes, could I go out there and invest in better cameras of course I could. I purposefully don't. Because I want it to be relatable to people that I'm using a $30 camera I'm using this microphone, I got off Amazon here, this is almost 15 years old, this microphone and it still still works great. I got a ring light that was $30. That's just a circle light that has a stand. And that's here behind my my camera right? Right here this light. And I'm here in my in my office right here, I got the couch there. Got the cat tree. Now recently, we set up all this like this lighting and all this type of stuff. But that was that was more of a recent thing just because I thought it looked really cool. And it was less about like, how can I make the perfect setup and more like, hey, I want to maybe spice it up a little bit for two or three years, I just had a shelf with a few pieces of artwork behind me and the wall was painted a darker color. If you paint a wall behind you a darker color, throw a shelf on that wall and put a few little things that you like behind you that you resonate with. That's a great setup right there with very simple equipment. So right there, I think you know, that's your answer. I don't spend a whole lot of time on and I recommend people not spend a lot of time on making their stuff look professional. And we discovered this. My client Rapinoe is a great case study of this, because he was massively a perfectionist over making everything look perfect for the longest amount of time. And after three or four years of working with me and his business making millions of dollars, he was like, nobody cares how the camera looks. Nobody cares how the lighting looks. Nobody cares they care about does it deliver results that they that was promised to them? And how are you at actually selling and connecting with people? And so in that I say, do what you can do Keep it keep it simple. I think keeping things simple, has a much greater benefit than complicated in this business.

[597:15] Speaker 4: Sure, a couple of my my mentors have been even pagan, Christian Michaelson. In that kind of Jenner, in terms of they started 1520 years ago in the coaching space. And

[601:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I remember studying even pagans, David DeAngelo, double your dating course, for lead gen back in the day. So he's very

[603:36] Speaker 4: polished when he comes on camera. And I've also been looking at seminars where the presenter is not on camera, and yet they can deliver that personal content eloquently without necessarily being on camera. Have you really tested that? If it's I haven't

[609:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: personally, I've done it where you're on camera. If you're looking for eloquent, I'm definitely not your guy. Yeah. Neither is my mom. And yet we've built really successful businesses by not being eloquent.

[615:00] Speaker 4: wasn't necessarily I liked that. But

[615:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but if you want to be doesn't hurt if you want to be so either you can do what do what do what is authentically you, I think that's the best thing to say.

[618:48] Speaker 4: Got it. Okay. And this basically sets up the ground rule sets up an opportunity to really test that and to be in the space with other people that basically are doing the same thing.

[622:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. And, and what I love is that in this business, again, getting people on your email list, doing a presentation, connecting with the needs of your target client, and then and really the ultimate skill set is learning how to take somebody from just interested in you to they have an insatiable desire to work with you and spend money with you that ability to close the sale with the right people. That's independent of what type of design camera look feel. So we have a number of people we actually have people in our program they like they have masterful studio setups and then we have people that are they just they just use their cell phone in a in a corner bedroom and and yet both of them are experiencing success. So

[636:09] Speaker 4: got it. Okay. Got it. All right. I'm jumping on board.

[637:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. I'm excited to have you in there. I think it'll be great. Fantastic. This past week is really lit me up a lot. As far Are as the potential that we have with our coaching program, and the potential that we have like for the future offers that we're that we're going to be doing. You know, one thing that I discovered is I'm probably not going to run an event called Grow Your group coaching business with Zoom events ever again. Because what I noticed was I got a lot of people, like I said, at the beginning of this call, that they were like, Why are you talking so much about making money? And they were offended that we talked about cash flow, as I realized, Okay, wait a sec, the name itself sort of lends to why I got those comments that I attracted more people that wanted to learn how to do great zoom events, versus how to bring in sales. And so that was that when I tell you all, experiment, even if it doesn't produce the perfect result you want. I'm a living proof of this. I do this constantly to see, okay, does this work, what works here? What does this and experimenting and seeing what works. And I know that from the data that I got from this last round, it's going to exponentially increase our sales over the next three to six months, which is awesome. And so I'm excited. I learned so much from this group here. But I also learned, you know, I need to be very specific. Anytime that I've not been specific about making multiple, six figures. And I mentioned money making is an important part of it, I end up attracting a segment of the market that isn't really doesn't really resonate with me, because I talk so much. And what I do is focus more on paid client acquisition, not just client acquisition, because you can have you can have free clients all day long. And I think a lot of people want to learn, like how can I get free clients? I'm the paid, I want to be the paid client guy. My value as a company and as a CEO of my business, is to create 1000 millionaire coaches. And that's, that's a that's a really lofty goal. It's nearly impossible, I think. But I'm going to aim at that direction, as much as possible. And so 1006 figure earners will be the first step in that. But you know what? I know that it is possible if I stick with it, to to make that 1000 millionaire coaches, when I say it's impossible, it's kind of like when Elon Musk says, Yeah, creating a self driving car, and launching a rocket ship is pretty much impossible. He fully believed he could do it, but it's it's pretty hard. I fully believe that I can create 1000 millionaire coaches, but it's a pretty lofty task. There's not many people that have that under their belt. I'd like to be one of them. All right, um, I'm going to take John deadlies questions. I'll come back to you Dr. Denise here, John denly

[687:54] Speaker 5: confuse me and caught me off guard. Hey, there, Hey, um, yeah, I I, I have a I use a basically a version of go high level for all my stuff where it will be cool.

[691:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're just about to load to go high level training into the members area. Oh, perfect. was one of my one of my close friends who has been working with us with our clients. And he joined my mom and I for a while I asked him I said, Hey, can you create a course that I can give people because a lot of people want to use go high level. I've never personally used it. But what's cool is our system plugs right into whether it be go high level, whether it be Click Funnels, I've use Click Funnels and Squarespace really successfully. But I know we have a number of people in our program that are using go high level. And it's it's a pretty cool platform. I might jump in there and check it out. Because I here's I'm starting to hear a lot of rumblings and some good things about it as a platform. So

[703:43] Speaker 5: it's a shame we didn't talk on Sunday, because I actually have a product called Go funnel box. Yeah. Which was a way and it ended on Sunday, which was a lifetime unlimited version of go for like $500. So, which is one of the reasons I'm struggling to afford to pay the first month for this one is because I paid for that last month.

[709:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and that is a big reason why I tell people you know, using Squarespace is a little more affordable for some people because it's only $29 a month for beginners that are just starting and for building simple landing pages and funnels. I mean, Squarespace is pretty awesome. So yeah, a lot of people say a lot of people sing go high levels praises I've heard I've heard I hear about the same good about go high level as I do about Click Funnels and about, again, the platforms themselves. These methods are really independent of the platform. They work no matter which platform you use.

[719:38] Speaker 5: Yeah, I was just wondering if there was any Experience of or any limitations in whatever you're currently using? Because I have some people who say, No, I don't really use that I've never used it before. And so suddenly becomes a bit of a blocker as to moving forward. So, but as I was just being in the private, we were doing a little private chat we were having.

[725:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not, I'm not going to say that I'm going to give like tech training for every platform out there. There's just way too many. That's why, again, if we're looking at what I teach, is, it's related to getting clients in the door. Right, and closing sales, getting potential clients in front of you and then converting to sales. And that's, that's, that's what I want to help people with, which is exactly because that's cash flow right there.

[731:53] Speaker 5: Yeah, that's exactly what I said to JC in little private chat we were having I was just saying my biggest problem is actually creating the landing pages and feeling confident about them, that they're good enough. And yeah, totally acting copy. Because marketing copy is absolutely my Achilles heel, I am just utterly useless at it. I've had people write marketing copy for me in the past, and then I've just said, I just need to correct and then by the time with it, it's completely useless.

[738:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'll tell you 99%, of every single coach I've ever met says the same thing. Wow. Okay. And so that's, that's, that's, that's like, almost everybody. Very few people are actually good at marketing copy. Um, and to be honest, like, I'm good at it. But just because I spend all day doing it. I would say so like my mom, she has a natural ability with marketing copy. I have worked hard as far as outworked a lot of people to get good at marketing copy, because I'm not naturally very good at it. And now with chat, GPT, I'm finding that its outputs are equal to and with my knowledge plus AI, the marketing copy is great. It's excellent. And learning to kind of trust that, well, this is one of the factors to that, I'll tell you, almost everybody that I meet that's in our coaching program feels like their landing page isn't good enough. And so again, like those two things that you mentioned,

[756:32] Speaker 0: are

[757:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: there common to this, this business? There, everybody puts on this, and I kind of like to break facades, a little bit, everyone puts on this facade, like, Oh, it's so easy, or oh, I just felt so confident. And I put it out there. I launched landing pages that I don't feel fully confident in. But I know that I have to launch them just to see how they perform and make the experimentation. Make it it's all just an experiment just to put out there.

[765:34] Speaker 5: You know, and that's my biggest blocker is is being willing to put it out there and yeah, and getting it wrong or not good enough, or whatever. So yeah,

[767:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, that's a lot of a lot of people. A lot of people deal with that. Because I have a lot of compassion for that. Because it's like, it's the greatest

[770:30] Speaker 0: limiter of

[771:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I call exceptionally intelligent people. I would, you know, just talking with you last week, you're an exceptionally intelligent guy. Thanks. And I would say that this that this one thing right here. If you're and I believe, if you if you actually focus on if John Denley focuses on making this no longer be a limitation of isn't good enough to launch and you work on what's the root cause of it. And you learn to change that habit, just that one habit of launching imperfectly. Yeah, it would have a snowball effect on your business. I agree. And I have I have tremendous faith in that one of the biggest feedbacks that I've gotten from all of our coaching clients is that they felt like I, they had the faith and courage to launch things imperfectly. And put it out there, even if they felt it wasn't good enough. And that by working with me, they felt like they could finally do that. And as soon as they did, that's where the magic started to happen. And so you're you're you're right there, but and it could it might take it might take some time to work through. Usually it's it's related to past experiences, beliefs, things again, your mind, you know, mindset stuff. And so do work on in yourself. Where is that? Particularly coming from?

[796:00] Speaker 5: Yeah, I think a lot of it is having previously tried to do things and fatally Yeah, and that's hard to say when I was just saying to JC again, I think I've had a checkered past I was half a million dollars in debt in In 2007, and I've built seven or eight companies since then. And every single one of them is just not quite worked out. And yeah, I've done marketing.

[802:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what that does is it wires, it wires, your brain and your, your body to because I think I think a lot of memory lives in our body to have one of my favorite books as the Body Keeps the Score. I've done a lot of trauma research as well. It's it's launching a business and it not working out is a form of trauma. Yeah, it really is. So you actually have to, like, heal that trauma, I think is going to be a big part of two of your journey.

[810:29] Speaker 5: Yeah, but I think the Yeah, again, this is part of the thing that I would teach people is that, I mean, there are other ways of doing it. But the way I teach people how to do it is is to is to find a way of of nudging the, the success in the direction you want to go and finding a small step that you can make in the right direction. repeating that over and over again, until you feel good about that bit and then making having really cool YouTube video. Actually, I'm gonna send you to talk about x&y thinking and I use like hula hoops. Yeah, that sounds good. Like, here's your comfort zone. And I say just take it one, you put one foot back, and then you go, and then you can step into the other thing, and then you go, Okay, I know what it feels like you were there, but I can come back here if I want to, and that kind of stuff. So totally,

[821:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find myself even doing that on a on a regular basis with different things. Um, you know, I had a coaching clients a couple of years back. And I just absolutely love her. She focuses in on on Shadow Work as what she teaches and mentors people in. And we particularly had a disagreement about the root cause of confidence. And I believe that confidence comes from within, not based on what you do. But a lot of people think that confidence comes from what you performed and the outcome and experience. And so what I've come to the conclusion of is, is actually, it's it's neither, it's right in the middle. Okay. It's, it's, it's, it's the, it's the faith and consistency of that I'm consistently doing the work, and I'm consistently showing up. And so because I'm consistently showing up my confidence increases by actually consistently showing up. And so again, that goes right back to what you said, you've done seven businesses, they haven't worked. That doesn't mean the eighth one's not gonna work. It doesn't mean the ninth one's not gonna, you know, and so it's just, it's just, and what I love is there's a there's a book that I really helped me as called Rising Strong by Brene. Brown.

[843:23] Speaker 0: Yep. I'm

[843:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: about and it's about grief. And a big part of it is again, those seven business failures. Have you grieved those, you know, and, and that's part of it, too. So that's interesting.

[846:48] Speaker 5: I had a really interesting conversation with a psychologist. Several years ago, I broke up with an ex girlfriend and I, she had a, she was pregnant when I started going out with her, and then she had a baby. And then we broke up. And so I kind of looked after the baby as if it was my own for a little while. Oh, yeah. And then we separated and I never, and she basically cut all contact with me, we cut each other. And the psychologist said, you know, you're grieving about the loss of your 100%. And I went, but he's, he's not dead. And he's not even 100%. Yeah, grief

[854:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: is independent of this death,

[855:10] Speaker 5: loss of children who are kidnapped.

[856:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: loss of vision, loss of idea. So I experienced that massively, and we find a lot of people that are in our coaching program have experienced grief or loss in some way. How did it manifest with me, I was very self critical of it. I'm not going to share this part of my story that I want to get to Dr. Denise, but I think this might just help those that are listening here. When I was working for my mom, in her business, I had this vision of us always working together me working for her company, it becoming this like massive global company making billions of dollars all this. And suddenly, in 2018, I just gotten married, and she fired me. My mom fired me and was like, we can't work together. And she's like, in fact, I think you need to start your own company and your own coaching business. I was angry about it for two years. Because I had to actually grieve the version of my future that I thought I was going to experience that I was so attached to with her and realize, okay, wait a sec, this is not a loss. Technically, this is actually an upgrade, because now I don't have to run everything past her. I can do stuff independent. And what's super cool is we look back at that now. It was the best thing that ever happened to me, but it was the most of the most painful was I had to grieve that sort of separation and I think really, we had gotten way too connected in this SNESs of like, it was sort of like, like one unit that we had to separate for both of us to succeed in our own unique ways. And now what I've done is sort of my mom retired from coaching on the internet marketing space. And and this business is me continuing the work that we had built together in her company. And I, I've gotten her full like, she loves it, she let me tell her whole coaching group about my coaching program yesterday, which is awesome. So that's super cool. But like, I had to grieve the version of business life. And this happened to me as well in October. So I had worked with Rick Pino, we had built that business to a million dollars a month with him, I was his right hand guy doing that. And my coaching business wasn't quite where I wanted it to be. But I started, I launched our group coaching program. And he told me, he's like, hey, you know, I think we should part ways I think you should focus on your business, I'll focus on mine, I was like, But wait, we because I had a version of that we were going to run together and grow our businesses side by side. And that ended up changing. So I had to grieve the loss of vision, even back in August of last year of how I thought things would go and learned and sort of let go release that. And for me, just with my faith, it's like, I'm going to release it to God and say, I trust your plan, you know, release it to the universe, release it to whatever works for anybody who's on here. But releasing things I think is a big factor and learn to do that. And also, grief does not have a timeline. So we don't want to rush it. But we got to feel those feelings of grief, and realize that it's absolutely normal. It's absolutely part of the human experience, to grieve and that we're not bad for having attachment, that it's very much a big part of what it's like to be a human. And but that on the other side of that is, by processing through our grief, it does unlock certain limitations that I find that sometimes doors stay closed in our future, until we sort of learn to let go of and release what had happened in the past and say, Okay, I'm ready to walk through that door now. And so I don't know if that's helped anybody who's on here, but those are some of my opinions on that. I'm not a life coach, either. And I'm not a therapist. These are just my own personal experiences. So all right. Dr. Denise, you too.

[921:07] Speaker 0: Okay. Well, let me first say that, I'm really glad that you shared that about you and your mom. Yeah. As I told you, you know, I can't can sit in 2016 is great experience while we're there. And it was obvious that you are intricately working together. And then all of a sudden in about 18. I was like, once Jeremy. Yeah. Where do you what happened? Yeah. Yeah, my spirit something said something abruptly happened. Yeah, yeah, it was pretty. And then eventually, I started to see a merge. I think it was like last year or something like

[932:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I really started going heavy on advertising my stuff. Yeah.

[933:29] Speaker 0: Yeah. I'm glad to share that. Yeah. Secondly, just to comment on copywriting. Actually, my first opportunity living book into copywriting was through your mom. And then did a lot of study of Jim Edwards. who I think is a really good calculator. And yeah, he is. And for me, it was a major change because it was his shift from going from academic writing. Yes, to copywriting to different completely different Yeah, I had to totally start from

[944:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: sales persuasion, emotional triggers all that type of stuff versus how do you like accurate articulation is the lowest priority and copywriting that's the crazy part about it. Yeah, you get it.

[948:59] Speaker 0: I was like two different worlds. I had to like, screw my head on and they're totally different. Well,

[950:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's amazing is now we have these AI tools that actually write the content. And they write copy really well when you when you when you follow the process that we laid out.

[952:32] Speaker 0: Exactly. And I'm glad that I had this previous training so to speak, and yes, I can appreciate what's happening but yeah, totally. And writing side of the bed thing for me overall, I started out as an English teacher, so but but but anyway, the question was about repurpose. i Oh, okay. And you had mentioned that you use that something that I'm Looking at but the way that you approach that

[962:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: was restream.io. Alright, when I use restream.io That's what I'm saying. Oh, yeah, I just use restream for streaming so repurposed on IO is a different company.

[965:30] Speaker 0: I was in two different games. Okay, yeah. So

[966:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: repurposed on IO takes your content repurposing it. They have a pretty cool platform. It's a little confusing, but I know a lot of people have used it. And they really like what it does, like flipping content and stuff like that. I know Facebook and Instagram are building a lot of that ended their platforms as well. But as far as

[971:12] Speaker 0: you don't really sees that

[971:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you don't use repurpose, and I use restream. Okay, okay. Yeah. So restream I use I take the stream, and I send it out to people and different and different things like that through through restream. So,

[975:01] Speaker 0: right, that makes sense. Okay.

[975:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. But repurpose IO, if you can get it working for you. It's a I tried their platform out. And I just decided I hired somebody in the Philippines to just repurpose all my stuff for me. So I pay them $50 a week to do it. We do it every day. Yeah, yeah, they all three or four different pieces of content that they just repurpose for me. And they're, they're really great. They do all my video uploading and things like that. So I love one of my favorite sites for finding people in the Philippines that can work for you is online jobs.ph. Now it's a membership site, it costs money to actually get access to the workers. But there's that barrier of entry. There's a quality to the workers that are on exactly. The people who are on here online, jobs.ph, they're there. I've hired three people now, four people now offer here, and they've been just incredible. And now we have two people that work for us here in the States as far as admin and emails and and funnels go, I found that that's harder to outsource. But as far as video editing goes, you can even find people that know how to use chat GPT to write your copy on online jobs up pH and put together landing pages and things like that. So yeah, that's one of my favorite resources. You know, I kind of like, was against using it for awhile, because I'm like, I only want to hire people stateside. And then I was like, You know what, I'm gonna I'm gonna use this resource because I'm I'm tired of, I actually struggled to find people stateside that were consistent and reliable. Versus I was able to find them on here very quickly. So just the fact that I actually get a better quality person that works with me.

[1007:54] Speaker 0: And

[1008:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're, they're really great people. I talk with them on Zoom. You'd be surprised how easy it is. The workers in the Philippines are used to working with Americans. And so it's kind of like part of their culture,

[1011:58] Speaker 0: which is correct. Exactly. And it's been part of their economy for about 1015 years now.

[1013:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, it has influenced our economy, but there. It's a great resource. I love online jobs.ph. There's other talent sites out there. But as far as for like online marketing, and for coaches and stuff like that goes, I think they're a great resource for that type.

[1016:40] Speaker 0: Are you saying that they work with you? Would they do some of your video for you? What did they do for you in the video area?

[1018:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: They'll take them like, I'll send a request a raw podcast episode, or a raw video file, and they'll upload it, schedule it, edit it down to shorter, like clips, shorts, reels, tick tock posts, things like that.

[1022:46] Speaker 0: Okay. So they have a sense of what types of snippets?

[1024:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I just give direction for short, where we'll give some direction on that. See, I was recording them all myself. Right. And I found that by having somebody repurpose it, they were getting almost the same level of engagement. And so I was just like, I'm not going to work 10 times harder. I'm gonna keep it simple.

[1029:19] Speaker 0: And they're extracting those reels from videos that you've done. So they've just taken Yeah, there

[1030:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are on my Youtube. Yep. Gotcha. Gotcha sending videos that I do just extracting short clips from. But yeah, yep.

[1032:22] Speaker 2: Okay. All right. I'll

[1032:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: say this, though, you know, we don't get a lot of business from our organic content. In that sense, the organic content more serves to nurture trust with people who already follow us. And so that's my purpose with organic content is I do it more as a trust nurture with people who are already on my list versus trying to gain new followers. We get almost all the new people through Facebook and Instagram ads

[1039:47] Speaker 0: and and So this question is, in terms of Aranda, this is a very general question. But in terms of a range of what one might spend, let's say, on Facebook ads to get started with, and not, you know, throw the bank at it to kind of incrementally increase what, what kind of a page you are,

[1045:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I, what I tell people is, so I translated because my mom taught five to $10 a day, I say about 300 For your first campaign in one month, but that might be for two weeks. And so if you break down $10, a day to 30 days, that's $300. there anyways. So if you do one campaign a month, it still falls into that type of budget of about two to $300, for your first campaign to test out. And then the goal is, you know, double and triple that on your first time out. I very rarely seen people in

[1055:27] Speaker 2: our coaching group.

[1056:04] Speaker 0: We have not,

[1056:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: as far as I know, I don't think and ABA is on here as well, I don't think we've actually had people technically, like lose money on their Facebook ads, a losing campaign as they're like, Okay, I spent 1000 on ads, and I brought in only 1200. So I only made 200 bucks. But like, they didn't lose any money, they just weren't last time and they got leads on their email list. And so what I always look for is my goal with any marketing campaign is, how do I break even on my ad spend initially, because I know if I can break even I can optimize it to do better. Now we've also had some people like they just they launched their first campaign and 10 to 20x as their ad spend, and I'm blown away by that, that's just more of an alignment with like, they really hit the jackpot with what their offer was. That's more rare, that's more the exception is generally most people are going to either breakeven or make about two times their ad spend initially, and then optimize that to make four, six and eight times from there. And another part of it is so here's here's another side of it the most people don't realize that Facebook ads, the more money you spend with Facebook, the less result you're actually going to get. And this this factor alone, where's my marker, I want to show you this, here it is. Let me let me draw out how this works. So Facebook gives you results. That's not a straight line. It's a curve. Right? And along this curve is how many results you get. So this is us spending $100. This is us spending 300 And maybe add 100 bucks, you make one sale at 300. You make 20 sales like whoa, right? Now imagine we spend 600, okay? You might only see 30, sales at 600. At $1,200, you might only see 35 sales. Hmm. And then at 3000.

[1089:46] Speaker 0: You might only see 40 sales.

[1090:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's not exponential based on the ad spend it's a curve. And that's where a lot of people like they struggle with scaling is how do you increase these numbers and keep this number going up? That's related to really your ability to to close more sales on the sales pitch, as well as attracting, attracting more of a niche client that's more in alignment with what you actually do. So what you'll find is that a general offer can still profit on a lower budget. But a more general offer will struggle, the more money you throw at it should offer is do

[1101:41] Speaker 0: you mean, a lower cost offer?

[1102:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Notice? When I say general, I'm talking about the topic. So for instance, if we say find your purpose, right? That's about as general of an offer as you can get, I'm going to show you how to find your purpose. And so let's get more specific, or is it finding your purpose for retirees? Is it for elderly? Is it for high school students? Okay, who are we talking about? First off, because finding their purpose is going to look different depending on stage of life. And so now let's get specific on that. Now let's get specific as to when we talk about finding your purpose, really what we find is so for instance, if you broke it down, I even sort of teach people how to find their purpose, how to find their purpose in speaking teaching and mentoring. And because I get specific around that, but if you run an offer just around Hey, find your purpose. You can make some good money, spending a little bit in ads, but we had a client do this Her name is de Giles was Joshua Giles is wife. And so we scaled and we said hey, let's throw 3000 at the offer. In it, it only made about 2500. In sales, she actually lost about 500 bucks. After Previously, she had profited right here. And it was because it wasn't specific enough to the experience of the client, the copy wasn't specific enough, it was too generic. It was too generic as to who we were trying to talk to. So it was casting a wide net, it was trying to help too wide of a range of people. And so that's why when you say, Okay, here's my wide net of people, the more specific you get to who you serve, the more you can actually scale your budget up higher. But your cost per acquisition doesn't always scale that same way. So what we found is that the goal is we try to get our budgets to about 10 to 20k a month in ad spend. Now, that could take you a year or two to get to that point. And the only reason you would spend 10k A month is you're making way more than that in sales. I'm not telling you to throw 10k at something and you don't know if it's going to like if you're spending 10k, it's because you already succeeded at spending 3000. And it did, it made you 10 to 20,000, you already succeeded at spending 300. So there's stairstep levels to it of success, as to okay, this budget succeeded, let's add 50% to that budget, and that's what I really love is adding 50% to our budgets. If I spent $5,000 on one campaign, the next time around, I'm gonna spend 7500. And then if that still succeeded, well, I'm going to add another 50% of the budget the next time. Okay, so now I'm going to spend, and I spent 300, that if that did well, the next time, I'm going to spend about 450 to 500. If 500 did well, I'll spend about 750 to 800. If 800 did well, I'll spend about 1200, NetSpend. And you stair step, your budget, each offer that you have, again, only spend what you're willing to lose, and what you're able to lose, I have a client who had a little bit more expendable cash. So his first offer, he spent three grand on his first offer. And he was able to bring in over $50,000 off of that first offer because he was able to do that. And so it's all about where are your budget at if you're just starting out, you start at you know, 200 to $300 for your campaign, test it out, see as those results go to start to bring in that cash flow.

[1162:20] Speaker 0: Now, what would I would be advertising for would be an application funnel for coaching. So that's, you know, that's more remit and in terms of pricing 3000 $5,000. So does this type of $300 to $500 expenditure work for that, or does it have to be a lower cost serves,

[1168:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it could work for that, but you might not make if you're if you're charging five grand, you might not make a sale off of just 300 and adspend. So it might cost you 1000 or 2000 to get one sale and to test to get enough people in front of you to make that sales pitch to at that price point. So what I generally again, have a lot of people do in our program, as I tell them, I do a hybrid group coaching, where you're selling it for between 300 and $1,000. If you don't have a huge budget to spend, because you if you spend 300 ads, and you're charging at least 300 You only need to get one sale to cover that ad spent right there. So what I'll look at is whatever your sort of starting ad spend is that actually correlates to whatever your baseline price point is to.

[1183:05] Speaker 0: Makes sense. Yeah.

[1183:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: We go over a lot of that in the in the program too. Alright, so lately though it is it's testing, it's putting it out there at seeing how does the results work? And that's sort of the nuance of it. That's hard to like, guarantee hand somebody a paint by number system to and that's more nuanced to the individual and how how well they are at closing sales, their unique funnel their offer, things like that. And that's, that's what we that's the nuance that we dial in and the coaching program with people.

[1191:38] Speaker 0: Great. Okay. All right.

[1192:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Dr. Pamela.

[1194:36] Speaker 2: Well, I had two questions. Yeah, I ran a Facebook ad and I got about 4045 people for free. No, it wasn't, yeah, it was a free program. And then I didn't get any engagement because I don't I think it did it too. wrong way, I should not have just sent emails, I should have done some live events like you recommending. But I want to run it again. And my question is, should I narrow down the area, the geographic area, where the ad is shown so that it'll be more in Virginia, where I'm located. If you're

[1205:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing it in person, yes, we've done a lot of in person stuff, especially before COVID, we did a lot of in person. And it became a lot harder to do in person with a cold audience after COVID. And even now, more people are showing up for in person, but we've, we've sort of started to reserve in person, for when people are kind of already on your email list, they're already engaged with you, they're already connected. And so it actually will cost you more generally, to target just in your local area. If I just target in Austin, Texas, I'll spend three to four times as much in ads to just target in this local area, because you're you're competing with a lot of local businesses and that sense as well. And so if you go out there further than just the local area, you're able to really get the best cost for people that way. And so, no, I wouldn't if it's an online thing, I wouldn't just do your local area personally. Okay.

[1222:49] Speaker 2: And then, let me see. At the end, Oh, yeah. I thought I would do a newsletter because when I look at which of my emails get opened, the newsletter gets opened the most I get the most all right with the greatest rate with the newsletter. But the newsletter takes so much time. So I was thinking I could do it with chat. GPT I can't I can't figure out how would I write an article like how do I get challenging PT to write the article for me? Great idea.

[1232:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Something something that's really fun. I never even showed everybody this in chat. CBT but I do break it down in my chat. GBT prompt Academy. I'm going to give you all a million dollar chat GBT tip right here that I haven't even shared with anybody. Take take your existing article, or email or newsletter. Okay, and tell jet chat GPT to analyze it for tone, for topic for context for style, for writing style, and say and tell it if you wanted to duplicate this type of writing? What would be a prompt that I could give you to do this. So let's go ahead and do that here real quick. If I let me pull up here should let me stop sharing my screen real quick. Pull this up, please chat

[1246:36] Speaker 2: to do to analyze the article for tone style and what else

[1247:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: and structure content context and right and then generate a prompt that you can give it to write additional newsletter articles based on those topics. Oh, okay. So that so let me just show you just real quick, how we do this. This. There's a three or four step process to this.

[1254:14] Speaker 0: If I take gonna take one of my mom's emails right here,

[1256:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: which I wrote this email, but we also did write it with chat GBT as well. All the emails that go out to my mom list have been written with AI for the last year, pretty much. Okay, so here's an email that she wrote.

[1261:36] Speaker 0: Well, that I wrote for her, but

[1262:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is the email that we wrote. Wow, ever since I've been here in Texas, God's been showing me so much. I truly felt like God's calling me here. All that so if I do this, analyze, following email for tone, context, content, style and structure and create create a a prompt that I can use to write more emails based on the style of the cat the steps on my keyboard

[1272:07] Speaker 0: based on the style,

[1273:14] Speaker 1: structure and tone of the following newsletter email, so that I can duplicate the type of output as the email below. I kind of just came up with that on the fly. What the more you use chat GPT you will learn how to ask it what you want it to do. And I'll get more specific I'll say

[1279:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: email to analyze I'll focus it that way. We're gonna say this analysis the email, the tone is casual, friendly and enthusiastic conveys a sense of excitement. It's written by Sandy Rakowski, who recently moved to Texas shares her experience the content covers her move her personal experiences and insights case now what I can do is, it's conversational to using a first person narrative to share their thoughts. And language structure begins with a personal story, transitions into a list of benefits and then moves on to discussing the importance of following God's calling, including the upcoming introduce the upcoming stocks bootcamp. Based on this analysis, here's a prompt that you can use to write more emails in the similar tone, share personal insight and observations, let's practical benefits, connect the subject to a broader theme and lesson, introduce relevant upcoming events that would benefit the reader provide more details about the event key. Okay, so here, watch this. So then what I'm able to do is take this little prompt that it generated. And I'm opening up a new one, I say, write an email, face on following to let people know about

[1301:46] Speaker 0: a sleep study. And the results

[1303:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: of it as well as one piece of advice they can follow for their sleep. Now, you might have to inject your own data in there. What I like to do is I like to dictate it, I like to actually verbally say it. And then I just take this type of prompt that we've put here

[1308:22] Speaker 0: and see what it generates

[1309:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: my eye opening experience with a sleep study, I hope this finds you well, I just had an incredible experience I can't wait to share with you. Last month I participated in a sleep study before that I had been struggling with sleep for quite some time. And I was exhausted during the day couldn't figure out why. So I didn't even give it any of this info. But I use that prompt that we generated based off of that newsletter to now create a potential email that sort of has a similar tone, a similar style, that then I could inject different types of information in there. So here's something that I could then do. sleep study info,

[1318:43] Speaker 0: ah

[1319:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: results and benefits. Let's see. Could you benefit from a sleep study? Okay. So now what I could do is, let's say that you have a piece of content already written that's based off of this info right here. I'll say this, rewrite the email above with the context of the following info. But follow the same format as the above.

[1327:13] Speaker 1: I'll just paste that info in there. My life changing journey. Hi there. Hope you're doing great. I recently had an amazing experience I just have to share with you. As you may know, I've been struggling with sleep for a while and I was starting to take a toll on my health. Well, I finally decided to do something about it. Did you know that adults need seven eight hours of quality sleep a night? So this is just an example to show you. But how you can repurpose content? Yeah, you can also just give it this specific URL. You're right I forget about doing that. But you can repurpose content and have it right even some of your newsletter emails using a similar tone, a similar cadence and you don't have to like write the whole thing out that way. Another thing that I'll do is I I just took yesterday, a podcast episode that I recorded last night

[1340:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: and on our podcasts, the Grow Your Life podcast. Let's go to wealthy coach mindset I talk about really why it's important to focus on making money in your business money making blueprint right here. So I took the transcript of this. And I had chat GPT convert it to a blog post article. So now I got an article out of it, why you should make a ton of money as a coach or mentor. And it turned my podcast episode into an article that broke down all the same points that I said in that podcast episode.

[1351:02] Speaker 0: I was now before this

[1351:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: call using chat GPT to turn it into some texts, social media posts, just by taking one piece of content. And so that's why if you just talk into a microphone or into a camera, or you just give it just a little bit of context, you're able to have chat GBT help you with your emails, with your content with your marketing with your offers and all of that.

[1357:27] Speaker 2: So for my podcasts, I could just take the URL from that podcast or the I'm not

[1359:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure if you could take the URL because you need the actual transcript The podcast, it will I don't think it would be able to take the URL of that the URL is just focused on. URLs just focused on, like, if it's a written piece of content

[1364:28] Speaker 2: or you go to the next person or before we can. Last night, I decided I was going to listen to a sermon because I just like listener, like in my day with him. And the surface into yesterday, last night was when a door closes. It could it may not be a bad thing. It may be God, moving you to a new direction. Such a story about your mob fire, and you made me think.

[1373:30] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, totally.

[1373:51] Speaker 1: Um, no, I appreciate. It's funny, you know, we had a great, I had a great time at church last week, I hadn't gone in about a month, and it just kind of gave me a good front end alignment a little bit on Sunday, I loved it. And I started going to sleep at night just listening to the Bible on audio recording. So

[1379:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, you guys don't have to share the same faith as me. And trust me, I'm definitely not a model perfect Christian by any means. That's why I'm not a minister. But I do. I do love God. And I love the Bible. And I love his people. And I love all people, though, whether whatever they believe. All right. And they asked me about AI content detection. I've never used any of the AI content detectors. But I just ran my recent article through one. And it says it was 100% written by a human. And it definitely was not. I use GPT for and I just I told it to write it in a conversational informal tone. And for some reason, when you tell GPT for to do it in a conversational informal tone, it seems to get past the AI detectors. So but I don't really worry about that, because a lot of the articles that I'm writing are more for people that are already following me. So even if it did come across that way, but yeah, I just ran it. I mean, this was not even edited. This article right here that I just showed you, like not one edit. I just straight up, put it in there. And the AI content detector says that it was 100% Human written. So that's funny. Definitely wasn't. All right. Last question here from an email, you know, I'm fine.

[1400:55] Speaker 6: Oh, hi. Thank you so much, Jeremiah. Yeah, putting this ankle together. I appreciate this. Thank you, everyone that has asked I've added some things to what I needed to know. So that reduces the questions I needed to ask. One question is the for Facebook, as did you say that you had a training on Facebook ads, and how in depth is that, to help us with our

[1410:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a number of trainings on Facebook ads, you can find them on YouTube, my podcast, there is a training on Facebook ads that if you were on the VIP for the last week, is in when you log into the members area, it's about an hour long training, it's not super in depth that one it's more just about reading offer copy. As part of our client growth accelerator program. We have two very in depth courses that I don't have my password software on this browser. But I was gonna show you we've been told by a lot of people that are probably some of the most in depth best courses on Facebook ads. So we have Facebook ads made easy for total beginners, because a lot of people who went through my other course for like, it was way too advanced for beginners. So what I did was I got sort of two versions, I got this one I made this one three years ago, social media ads that work and I created updates every year for it. It's very in depth, it's very advanced level. But it's still very relevant the content of it. Okay. And then the course that I did, this past year was for beginners. It's not lacking in content or what advanced people need but I go through the process, slow enough and easy enough to follow that it covers the most important aspects that you need to successfully run Facebook ads. So that's, that's part of our accelerator program. If you don't join the accelerator, but you did do the VIP for the last five day mastermind there is a training in there getting dream clients with paid advertising that we did two Saturdays ago and watch the recording of this about an hour and a half long. And I just I break down what you can Do the right offer copy. Essentially what we're doing to write our ads copy is we're just using chat JpT to do it now. Because chat GPT writes offer copy as good as and better than we could on our own. And so if I go here, and I just take, I go to if I go to my website, this is how I write my Facebook ads, I'll just, I'll go take my offer. And I am I'll copy the offer copy down to the point of like what I'm actually teaching. I'll copy it in here. And I'll say, right p s copy based on the following, and convert it to a Facebook ad.

[1454:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: See that didn't do it, right. Let's try this. Oh, it's because I didn't I didn't copy the whole thing. Okay. 40k per month, period, Save and Submit. Attention coaches, and course creators unlock the secret to making 20 40k per month, join our five day mastermind to get ready to buy clients. So that's why I say focus on your landing page, copy first and then just filter it through chat GPT to write your your your ads copy. And I'll usually have it make three or four variations of it. Sometimes I'll go in and I'll say

[1467:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: scroll the bottom, click on the pencil, then go back to the top.

[1469:22] Speaker 0: I'll convert it into

[1470:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: five different Facebook ads. Okay, so instead of one Facebook ad we tell it to make five different ones that we could test those the different sales copy against each other. Ad number one attention coaches and course creators want to make 20 to 40k monthly with your group coaching discover the power of zoom virtual events and his five day mastermind Don't miss out. Sign up now. And then we put a link right there. Transform your coaching business in 2023 Learn to attract and so I run my ads off of just this output from chat GPT based off of what our actual sales letter is.

[1479:43] Speaker 5: There's too many weeks to do it the first time I tried to do that. We Yeah, zero results. I screwed up all the adverts, and they were just rubbish. And we got banned from Facebook in the end as well. So yeah, mad.

[1484:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Using chat GPT

[1484:24] Speaker 5: No, God, this was 10 years ago. Oh, yeah, yeah.

[1485:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, and that's another thing too, depending on your niche, Facebook is also not banning people as much as they were before right now because their stock is down.

[1487:45] Speaker 0: Um,

[1488:06] Speaker 5: I did a I did a landing page several years ago for waxing clients.

[1489:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, that that type of industry definitely was one that

[1490:22] Speaker 5: is how to increase your profits by turnover by 20% over the next 12 months. And like Google just said not to get get rich, quick scheme. I'm like, no, that's just a regular business thing.

[1493:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, but the way I would change that, though, is they could still block you for that with that type of language. So what I recommend is, and I go over this, in what I teach with Facebook ads, there's still a limitation as to how specific you can make it sound like a perceived promise of wealth. Okay, so if I focus on grow your coaching business with Zoom events, they're totally fine with me saying that, but if I'm like, guaranteed make 20k a month in clients, they will block me. So what if I get more specific as to how the process is they which is cool, because that also niches you down more that way?

[1505:08] Speaker 5: Yeah, I was

[1505:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: another really cool prompt that you can do and it's not guaranteed that will work if you're in a more risky industry, with Facebook ads. One of the process you could do is rewrite the above Facebook ads to be 100% compliant with the rules of Facebook ads, so they don't get banned. Attention coaches and trainers boost your monthly income. See it doesn't mention the doll. Oh, it does mention the dollar amount. But yeah, it was a little bit a little bit less direct, a little more passive there. And I and you know so if you're ever concerned about something getting blocked by them, you can always have it, rewrite it and to try to make it more compliant.

[1517:16] Speaker 5: You know how we said about all those bad business things that are gone all wrong. Jesus said I could have done this instead. Yeah, I'd have been a million years ago.

[1519:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. The copywriting aspect of, of the coaching business is, it's the main it's the main factor because it's what influences who your ads get shown to, because now the algorithms based on the text that's on the page and the text that's in the ad and what you're actually saying in the video. So I can still mention a money figure in the title they haven't actually blocked me from from doing that recently. Because I've gotten more specific as to how that works. And I'm not promising employment or instant income. So they're the I'm definitely going to lean into, as you mentioned, there, I think I've been more passive around the money figure of a. And I noticed subsequently, in this last five day event, I think it was detrimental, actually, I think it would have helped a lot more to be more specific that this is specifically about increasing your cash flow with Zoom events, as a coach versus just growing a coaching. So like, the idea is, you know, increase your cash flow and your coaching business, using live events, that probably would have been a better name for this five day event. And so, but trial and error on that, I've had a lot of success. When I say start your six figure group coaching business, by the way, the one that you were in on a was called build and launch your six figure group coaching program, or build launch your six figure coaching program. So that six figure tag really did well to qualify in and out the right people. This was the first five day event that I ran in six months, I didn't put the six figure tag in there. And then I got I got a whole bunch of emails from people saying, Why are you talking about making money so much? I'm like, well, because that's what I do. So

[1550:05] Speaker 6: just one last question. Sorry. Because I run an event, I run a coaching program for mothers that are raising teenage daughters. So I just wanted to, I've not seen many do that. I've seen parenting teenagers. But I've not it's really I would

[1556:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: take a look at some of the marketing language that Lisa and John Bevere use. Okay. They're really good at marketing language for that niche for a while. Okay, there honestly, like if, and I've talked with some of their marketing people. They are marketers first, overall at what they do. They have great content, great spiritual content, but they are there at the end of the day, they're expert marketers.

[1563:05] Speaker 6: It's good to know, because I didn't see them as marketers.

[1564:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, actually, I've learned a lot from over the over the years of how they have sold and marketed their content because they do a great job of packaging, Christian spiritual training. And, and I'm telling you that when they they make a lot of money from technical, they sell a lot of it. So and they've done a great job of that they're a good example. Like, it's sort of an archetype if you're in that sort of Christian realm to look at. Yes, that's,

[1572:25] Speaker 6: I'll go for that. Listen, John. Yeah. Thank you so much.

[1573:33] Speaker 2: Can you tell us the name of that? Christian organization? Again?

[1574:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: John and Lisa Bevere.

[1575:20] Speaker 6: They are names of Christian authors.

[1576:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Kevin and Kathy is a die are also really good at that. Definitely.

[1577:36] Speaker 6: Yeah, I know, Kevin.

[1578:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Again, they're, they're great at marketing. They're great at how they market what they do. Because they specifically use the language that people want. And that's a big part of it. When I was working with Joshua Giles, we had talked about what Kevin's a DI had been doing with Sid Roth and how we could even learn from some of that for what Joshua was doing. So that's another great one as well. It's going to speak to specifically what people want. And you'll notice, John and Lisa Bevere, Kevin and Kathy has died. They're very confident on camera when they talk with people. They believe in their message. When I talk about how you got to have conviction and belief, and that's what sells to people. It's very true. So yeah,

[1590:59] Speaker 6: yeah. All right. Thank you so much.

[1591:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right, everybody, Hey, I gotta log off here. But this has been great. These questions have been have been incredible. The doors to our coaching program they do close at midnight tonight. And I don't need to tell you any more about that. So there you go. Have a good one, everybody, and hopefully I will see some of y'all in there.

[1597:41] Speaker 6: Thank you, Miss you. Bye.

