2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-02-01T03:23:04.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: EbBwy708CSrEWFzOk7qmab8ZRfc
---

[1:12] Speaker 0: Hello everybody welcome welcome welcome to restrain

[5:05] Speaker 0: this Facebook group right here bonus day perfect bonus day q&a That's it we got it custom live streaming well welcome welcome welcome we got one person on here. So that's it Jeff Judy there we go all righty

[15:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: How's everyone doing? Listen, if you got questions, post them you can post questions either in the social media posts or in here this is going to be a free open live q&a Open kind of ama asked me anything type deal which is good. In our in our accelerator you know, we have open q&a And there so this gives you a taste of that this I do once or twice, ever so often, just to give people a chance to ask questions.

[27:01] Speaker 0: Without having to pay or join one of our programs. We also the doors are closing to our our client growth accelerator group coaching program tonight at midnight, so our open enrollment to get founder pricing the pricing that we started with last year that ends and then we're we're not planning on actually opening the doors to this for a little while, because I'm gonna take a take a break from running some of these events to focus in on with the with the newborn, and with our coaching group, which is awesome our group is, is growing exponentially, we're almost to was 200 people in there, which is awesome. So you

[38:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: can find that over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator, obviously, you get all the courses but I think the value is really the support with me, helping you working with you to build and grow your coaching business. So this is an open q&a time that you get to spend asking me questions doesn't have to be about the coaching program can be about your coaching business could be about just about just about anything really. The only thing I won't put up with as

[46:47] Speaker 0: people that are negative rude or or belligerent at me had to block somebody today because of that

[49:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: just happens. So anyways, any questions anybody has? Raise your hand? Let me know or, or post a question in the chat. If you don't want to talk. I'm going to make this as easy as possible for everybody. You know, the last like the last week, it was all like you can only ask your question if you're on video. I do this once a month where I just I go live and I let anybody join anybody asked. And so people say I don't provide value to people who can't pay me I do they just don't show up. So all right, who's got a question though? This is my coffee. drinker what are the straw? Because somewhat Sherilyn? I'm not you know, I've answered your question already on that. twice now. So we'll, that'll be in the group. Definitely. Um, okay.

[68:19] Speaker 1: Elizabeth wells. Hi, Jeremiah. I know it starts tomorrow. I'm just curious about the timing tomorrow. You know if we're joining or for those who've joined I mean, you said it starts like Wednesday what?

[72:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like what is it? The jumpstart training is at did I not put a time on there commonly put a time

[74:12] Speaker 1: oh, maybe you did? I don't know. I didn't I just got here. You know

[75:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: what? I didn't let me

[76:03] Speaker 1: I can't make anything tomorrow. But I was just,

[76:51] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah, it's live tomorrow at 6pm 6pm Central 7pm. Eastern

[79:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: and fast the Fast Start Training that we're doing.

[80:34] Speaker 1: Okay. And of course, that's that's all taped anyway. No,

[81:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's It's live. It's me actually answering questions. None of what I do in the group other than the courses is pre recorded.

[83:20] Speaker 1: Oh, so tomorrow's fast track then. Well, if we can't if we're signed up if we signed up and we can't make tomorrow won't be

[85:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: owner. Oh, it'll be recorded for you. Sorry. Got it. All right. Well, we'll get it. When you said taped, it's funny, too. I'm learning a little bit as we've talked the last week, kind of like, how I learned all the different people I meet communicate with because we all communicate differently, right? So I'm like,

[90:48] Speaker 1: from another era so taped.

[91:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I remember taping things I'm, I'm I'm 35. So I'm not I'm not too young. But I am pretty young. He's like, it's funny when I was younger, 35 sounded so old. And now I'm like, wow, that's really young. All right, thank you. Yeah, it'll be recorded. Definitely. And then Friday, and Saturday will be really fun to have the live offer Launchpad event that we're going to be spending time together. It's gonna be great.

[99:20] Speaker 1: Time. What time are those? Yeah, so those

[100:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: are from 11am. To 5pm. Eastern blood all day. Yes, it's all day for two days. Hope Friday and Saturday. Yeah, if you if you didn't cut, the idea is to help people write their copy, come up with their offers. I don't know what just happened. My screen just went black. There, my cat has turned it off.

[107:00] Speaker 2: I think now we can see you.

[107:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no, you can see me but I think my cat screen. She walks across my keyboard and everything. So um, so something that again, yeah, that we're going to come up with is there's a course in this members area that I'm that I'm creating right now. And I'm dripping a new lesson each week is the six steps to six figures. Again, this is going to be like a flagship course I go through everything. And this is kind of like to guide people through how to get to six figures. We just had a lady in our group write me today, she launched an offer through what she's learned in the program and $37,000. Wow, awesome, like to her existing email list with an offer that she put together with what we teach. So it works. We're getting access a lot of people making more than their ad spend, and making six figures even their first time out. Now, there's also people that are not making that much. So it's like, Okay, what's the average? The reason why I think usually it points to, they're just not targeting the right person, the messaging might be off just a little bit and needs to be tweaked. Or they're not as confident in the selling, and then they get better at the actual sales pitch side of it. And so there's all of those sorts of nuances to it that that we help you with, in the program to look at, okay, when you launch now let's take a look at this, just like I would if I go into a into a company, this is kind of what I what I wanted to create what the accelerator is, like when I go into a company and consult them, I can spend time really seeing a wide range of like, what they're doing their their copy their performance indicators, all of that, in the accelerator, I try as best as I can with a group of people to still provide that same service to people that I would a consulting company at scale. And so what I found is that for the people that really engage, they get consulting level results out of the group, which is really cool. It's more than just a coaching program. It really is a very interactive support group, not support, like, you know, all of our woes, but like support, like supporting you showing you guiding you through. Okay, your campaign didn't do well. I get excited. I know that this is sad for my members. But I get excited when campaigns don't work. Well, for one reason. What can we learn from this? Because if their campaign didn't work, well, then there's a teaching moment there. For me as a coach, it's like, let's see what we can learn from it. I also get super excited when people are successful right out the gate. And so what I look for that is also what are the gaps that I can provide more value with people in there to get results. And so we're coming up with a checklist for what are the actions that you need to do in your business. And so I'm going to go through that the six steps right down to finding your niche, writing your offer copy, because that's really where you come up with what your program is, and then creating the funnel, promoting it out to people doing your sales pitch and analyzing the results. And so those six steps right there, then break down to a sort of a checklist of activity. He's underneath those six steps. So that's what we're going to be breaking down here. And hopefully within this, within this month, I've been like thinking about it. I'm not much of a checklist guy, but we've had a bunch of people asking about it. And that's what Sherilyn is question was about right here is I'm going to be taking what I'm teaching in that six steps course. So originally, when I created irresistible offers that sell this was like three years ago, and I was focused on helping, most of my clients were still all coaches, and course graders, because that's who hired me to help them. But I also provided a lot of value for other offers, like E commerce, and network marketing, and agencies and all that, in this, this course, is the blueprint for a six and seven figure coaching business. And so then we're gonna, we're gonna basically then reverse engineer that course into that checklist. And so there are going to be these two tools that everybody can start with, and get guidance. Here's an example of what I'm going to do so for, for instance, step number two is going to be about writing offer copy, I'll refer you to check out some lessons in virtual event playbook to check out some lessons in copywriting mastery. If you really don't understand copy, it's important to understand some of those elements and then utilize these AI tools to get those results. If you're wanting to set up a funnel, step number three, that I'll also refer you to say, okay, automated marketing secrets is going to show you how to put it on autopilot and make it evergreen. I don't, I don't record I almost didn't put this course out there because I don't recommend people go evergreen right away until their offer is proven and making a ton of money hand over fist. Because I've seen more often than not that people try to go evergreen too early, and then they lose money and then they get frustrated. And so doing a live launch and doing a live virtual event is still you have more control over the risk. I think by doing it live, then going evergreen, but as far as your of your funnel goes, you got automated marketing secrets, and you have the funnel building Made Easy course that I just finished a month ago. So those will be some aspects will have the checklist but then it'll kind of branch off into I'll give an overview in the six steps course, a lot of detail. But then if you're like, Okay, you want that step by step, I'm going to walk you through setting up each button and all that and setting up each like okay, you click here and you go there, you'll find that in the more expanded course like this. And that's really I think the value in in the courses is just each little nuance. I see it as like a work in video games. I draw a comparison to video games. For this reason, there's a thing called the main quest line, and then the side quests. And so the idea is the main quest line is what's in the six steps, like that's your main path that you're headed on. But let's say that you like you don't you're not really very good at setting up funnels, well, then I'm going to put you on a side quest to go check out the funnel building course. And to get better at that. And now you're like, Okay, I want to promote this, but I don't know how to run Facebook ads. Okay, your next side class is going to be go check out the Facebook ads course. And that's really how I would like it a lot of our program is is sort of that main quest side quest approach for coaches. And then me sort of guiding that process along the way. As well as providing input, direct input and answering questions. So, any any questions here today? For me right now?

[221:43] Speaker 3: What's up, Elizabeth? I'm sorry. So,

[222:48] Speaker 1: so, so Friday, Wednesday night, you're going to do the overview. And then Saturday of Thursday and Friday, you're going to have to 35 or six hours straight of kind of taking us through this. It's all taped, if we can't make it. Is there a place? I'm curious in in the course. Or I know you said you have people that you can recommend us to us, the Philippines, that kind of thing where somebody can sort of almost you can work with it or when you're doing it Friday and Saturday where you could be showing us something and we could be like doing it, you know, on our side or is that not I should be

[232:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: able to on Friday and Saturday definitely. We do a lot of that on our live stuff that we do. Like when you're in the program, you can kinda we can pull up your ads manager we can pull up like what you're doing and all of that and look at a lot of that Friday and Saturday beat the offer Launchpad that's going to be a place where we really get to and so what I planned with offer Launchpad is it's a quarterly event. So I did the last one in I think it was the end of sep timber, or it was October. And so my plan is we're doing this one first week of February and then we'll go February, March, April, no, probably to the first week of May, we'll do another sort of today, my goal is to do four of these a year, where we spend two whole day's mourning tonight together with the group as like a mastermind. It's a virtual zoom mastermind. So I see it as like our, our sort of group mastermind, where we get to get together on a much like, longer track, because it's like it's eight hours total over the course of four days. And so the the last one that we did, became our mindset Foundation's course, because we ended up just touching on mindset, which is pretty cool. We're probably not going to be touching on mindset as much as this one. Because I'll end up referring a lot of people back to that one. And referring people back to I just just different topics on that. I want to focus on getting the tangible building, going with people during this event, getting the building going, getting the action taking going and helping people break past resistance, and not spending a lot of time focusing on why is there resistance, because we can get really stuck and caught up doing that, especially if you've been around therapy or life coaching, you can get caught up focusing on where's the resistance coming from, and then we don't actually move past it. And so the goal is, and the goal in the accelerator is acceleration, that that name accelerator is not by accident, it's to accelerate people through the resistance that they have or look at, okay, what are those blocks? We did a whole training on Monday just about blocks that people have. And I think it was really helpful, because I've only talked more about mindset and beliefs. And in this training on Monday, I talked about like, when you feel blocked, it might be a feeling that you feel in your body somewhere. And then that how that all works and stuff like that. I don't go into a lot of mindset in the program. It's mostly practical training, mindset content outside of my paid programs.

[275:38] Speaker 1: And can we use a fete to people in the Facebook group use it as to say like, Hey, I'm looking at these titles, or here's my Facebook ad copy. What do you think like? Facebook like to put our copy in and say, Yeah, we found you.

[279:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's, that's, that's how most of the people that are in there are using it right now. All right.

[281:12] Speaker 1: And one last question, Would you be able to put like, you brought it up so fast? Because if I do jump in, I want to change some things. So I can be more available. On Thursday. And Friday, what were the times? Exactly? And when were the breaks?

[285:08] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, yeah, Friday and Saturday, it's going to be

[288:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: should probably put the brakes and then I'm gonna I'm gonna make a post after tomorrow. With all of this in the group for all the members, that will probably send an email out because just so that everybody has it.

[291:42] Speaker 1: Yeah. Cuz if I, if I was jumping in, I'd have to change a bunch of stuff.

[292:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: That'd be 11am. concerned. Yeah. And so what I'm doing is I'm going 11 to 12. And then we're taking

[296:01] Speaker 0: I think we're just doing a 15 minute break at 12. And then we're going 1215 to 115.

[298:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we're taking a break from 230. No, from 115 to 230. And then from 230 to 330. We're taking a 15 minute break from 330 to 345. And then from 345, I think to five o'clock, something like that. I think the lunch break might be 15 minutes longer. That's where I'm missing that 15 minutes. Okay, thank

[306:31] Speaker 1: you. Thank you. I'll be like 15

[307:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: minute breaks in between two sessions, then a lunch break and then two sessions with the 15 minute break.

[308:36] Speaker 1: Okay, thank you. Yeah.

[309:26] Speaker 0: It was a great setup that we did. The the last time that we did this event. There was it was probably one of the funnest experiences that I had, because it was just the closest to like, being at, you know, I love in person masterminds. It was the closest to that experience that we that we have, because it was we were really able to build upon a lot of concepts all at once for people. And we've seen a lot of results that have come out of it with those people two.

[317:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Any other questions?

[320:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: brand new first time father, new courses jumpstart training, new members getting knowledge on investment. One question, what do you what do I eat? What's my diet so I have a nutritionist that actually brings me food that we've hired that I have like pre prepared healthy meals and stuff. I manage my glucose by again, I actually mentioned this in one of the CGA calls, I think, back in October, apple cider vinegar is really helpful for that, as well as are you just eat like a handful of lettuce, I will just take a handful of lettuce and put it in my mouth before every meal. And they found it helps keep your glucose from spiking, and it helps keep you just more mentally aware. I'm while I'm up in the middle of the night, we also have like protein balls and things like that, that I'll have in the middle of the night or we have snacks that we have mostly like nuts and, and things nuts and cheese and stuff like that.

[337:50] Speaker 2: Lemon Lemon juice is a magic elixir with the apple cider vinegar. That's

[339:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: true. And honestly I need to it's the more water I drink, the more energy I have, that keeps me going. The also the more I move my body, the more energy I have to keep going I have found. That's the secret. That's the that's the funny secret because I did a lot of you might not know this, I did a bodybuilding where I actually got down to 5% body fat and did the whole thing where I was like lifting weights three hours a day, just honestly, I think it was an eating disorder that I was masking as as bodybuilding. But I did that and I was exhausted all the time. But I looked like you know, the ultimate what everyone wants to look like. Now, I found it. My mom and I were talking about this, like the human body isn't really totally designed to like, kill yourself in the gym. And she's been a professional bodybuilder. She was a professional bodybuilder for years my mom was. So she's found now it's just really movement. And getting movement throughout the day is super helpful. So I just I just recently downloaded the Les Mills body combat app on in VR, that I've been doing a couple times a day for like five minutes, or I'll go for a walk around my neighborhood. And that's I've integrated my content with going for walks. And that sort of makes it fun. So I'll go for a walk a couple times a day and make that be my content creation time.

[361:29] Speaker 2: My two cents, Jeremiah intermittent fasting. Yeah,

[363:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have tried it a few times and have wanted to kill myself.

[363:54] Speaker 2: Well, I think it's the window idea to say like 12 and six. Yeah, as long as you skip breakfast and you're busy, then you don't miss it.

[367:04] Speaker 0: I gotcha. All right. Any other questions here? It's weird. I find my brain like, thinks better after I've moved my body around. It's not it's actually not weird at all. But it seems weird because like

[372:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're stuck trying to come up with your your offer copy, or, or your like what to do in your business or your funnel or your Facebook ads, just move your body a little bit and then come back to it and you might actually have the clarity that you were looking for staring at a computer screen. So alright, let's see Sherry Miller, what's up sherry?

[379:16] Speaker 4: Well, not a question. Just wanted to say that. I'm doing this scared. I just paid. So. So I'm officially a member of CGA and Oh, awesome. I want to do working with everyone. So

[383:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm, I'm excited that you're that you're in here. I'm excited that you are going to be a part of this. We've already had a ton of people jumped in on this round here. I've learned a lot from this round too, because I've just I've learned wear my wear. Again, every time I run an offer, I figure out where I made a mistake. Because I'm actually pretty self critical, like naturally. So I had to train myself to not be ultra self critical. Like I'm like, left to my own devices. I beat myself up with no help. And so, like you hear me all the time saying like you need to be happy and like manage your happiness and all that and not be self critical is because myself. That's how I am. If I'm not intentional to and I find that it doesn't help me. But there is a benefit to that critic is that I'm really good at self awareness. When I'm looking at my own campaigns, or when I'm coaching other people I'm able to look at Okay, what was what? What made this not work? And a lot of it is I think intuition to this campaign helped me identify a whole segment of people that honestly, I don't think they're going to join the program that I marketed to, that will probably won't be marketed to as much anymore. Again, it's just, it's just part of the process.

[406:38] Speaker 4: It's funny, because from what you were saying earlier on, that you were going to change your marketing, you probably wouldn't have marketed to me. I, it your typical criteria, or what you've said you want to focus on. Maybe there's ways to it. Now, a lot of my responses to questions you asked initially, were what you said you would kind of select out in the future so

[414:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, no, but that's good, though. I think it's because you have a you have a desire to learn what you don't know already. Yeah. And that is the number one thing that I think trumps all of that, this even F like, Okay, you're, you're not maybe you don't think you fit into that I I'm always amazed the people who end up joining the program are actually a perfect fit for it. And the ones who don't. There's other reasons why they aren't. So, you know, we'll see, that's why there's the 30 day trial period to if you're like, hey, I don't like this after 30 days, like there's also no pressure to like, say, I don't want to spend the rest of the time with you. Because I have

[428:49] Speaker 4: no doubt that I'll like it, my only doubt ever is that I will follow through.

[430:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I gotcha. We'll see. That's the thing. So that's what I'm saying is I think that you resonate with a lot of what I'm teaching, and the message goes. So if you resonate with my message, and you're still here and you joined, that, in and of itself shows that you're that you're a good fit, you've kind of qualified yourself, for a program like this as a group coaching program that's a little different if it's one on one coaching, because I have a little more of a strict criteria on that. In the past, I didn't have as much of a strict criteria, I am now going to be taking applications for anybody that's gonna be one on one coaching, and I realized, I'm probably going to end up denying about 30% of the people that I previously would have accepted, just because of where they're at. Right.

[441:17] Speaker 5: Jeremiah? Can I make a comment on that? Yeah, what's

[441:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: up next?

[442:03] Speaker 5: Yeah. So

[442:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: listen, this guy's a genius, by the way.

[443:14] Speaker 5: I understand even he denied me basically, because he didn't want to use like, I want to take notice what I don't want to take your money because your message is not clear. And I don't want to take your message. I don't wanna take your money, I think you'd be a better fit, but maybe looking at the solar program, and he could be easily taking my 30,000 for a day, but he did. And so that's why I'm here. I just wanted to reach

[448:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: out but I didn't I wasn't like mean about it either. Oh, yeah, I think I think you're gonna get more more access out of the accelerator.

[450:15] Speaker 5: But you know what, you know what, I'll tell you this, I actually got my message so clear by just a couple things you put down on the AI. Clear, I'm like, I gotta I gotta join the program. But don't do anything because I got so much out of those two, three. trainings. That's awesome. It's clear, brother. It's,

[454:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's awesome. I'm excited. I'm excited to hear that. That happens too, to where I'm like, Okay, I'm not sure if somebody is a good fit. Couple months down the road, they come alive. And it's more more alignment right there. And so, again, it's not me. We had a great conversation. I think it was actually like a really good call.

[459:28] Speaker 5: Absolutely. Great Call. 30 minutes. It was worth it. I was like

[460:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the end. And I'm like, Yeah, I don't I don't I don't think it's gonna be best if I take your your money on this right now.

[462:01] Speaker 5: Because I was gonna fly to Texas. I'm like, hey, well, I could fly to Texas for a day. And yeah. And I just wasn't clear on my message who I am.

[464:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, anyway, I love it. And that's the thing. So I've had some people have just the flip side of that fax this week, right? Me that like that, that they didn't like that about me like disqualifying certain people, and it really upset them and turned me on turn them off to me.

[468:39] Speaker 5: I love that. It made me dig deeper to figure out yeah, all your free training and I was able to go through that. And I said, you do too. You put out your best. And then people's like, Man, if I got that, what do I get when I get into pro? Yep. So I showed up. Good job. No,

[472:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you're good. I'm excited to hear from you. I'm excited to see you. This is this is this is great. I always I kind of was like I was hoping that you ended up coming back around. So because I love your energy. Awesome. So anybody else have any other questions? And Sherry? Yeah, I'm glad that you're in the program. I think it is a good fit for you. We're really diving in on helping people follow through and helping you work through where those blocks might be, I think that that's, that's what's coming in the next six months and the accelerator is, we've provided in so far up to this moment in time, all the practical aspects of what you need to learn and grow. Now what I'm doing is I'm really nuancing down into helping coach people to start to, okay, you're struggling, you're stuck, let's get you unstuck. And we're starting to see the results of that from a lot of people in the program, which is cool,

[487:37] Speaker 2: Victor. So I'm doing my blue sky for 2023, which is, you know, my program has music for family members, family members to implement a music program for their family members, usually parents, but it could be a spouse that has dementia or Alzheimer's. So it's quite a different market than 99% of what you talk about when it comes to mindset and coaching and all that stuff. But by the same token, it's a passion of mine. And I want to actually build a goal around a concrete number, which is a blue sky. Right now, you also know I'm into ad outreach, and, and so cash flow will be at at a minimum at this point. But having said that, by my theory is always plowed back in top back and plowed back in. So the issue is, can you start organic? Then do the $300 a month, then if it comes in steps? Yeah,

[504:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think so. So I tell people,

[505:22] Speaker 2: how many, how many sales Do you think I could make that directly corresponds to how many lives I'm going to touch?

[507:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many? Well, just do you have a list of those people already?

[509:22] Speaker 2: You hear these numbers? Right? So the idea is introduce them, tell them about a music program, tell them how to do it, get them to implement the program, and then the seniors life has changed. And the question is, and so I think there's a lot of ways to jump to a three step process as well, because you're already a son, or daughter, in particular, your mother's got dementia 85% Of all the 7 million people in America, the seniors still living at home. Right. And so, so they're in the caregiver issue of, of their own desperation, because it's like, oh, you know, mom just walked out the door, I have to go get her. And like, it's really, really taxing and hard. So the music program should be as much of a gift to the caregiver. Because if Mum or Dad is now happy for an hour and copping to the songs, and they're enjoying the music, then mum actually or the daughter actually gets to cook dinner for the family. Yeah, those are the real realities of that. But now I want to blue sky and come up with some number. For the,

[530:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm looking at just for you, your your main challenge is going to be speaking to the person who's going to buy this program from you, right, and then getting them to see the value of it. And so it's going to be the first stage of it, especially even with your organic content is going to be sort of a treasure hunt for you to identify like, what are the deepest desires that your target client has for their parents, and for their relationship? And for what they want to get get out of it. And so your offers will fit into that? What are their actual desires. And so you're sort of selling the dream that they have the goal, the belief, the version of their life that they wish they could have, that's what you're selling, right? And so but then you want to find, okay, who's willing to invest into that? And who's serious about, about doing that. So then what we can do is we can psychologically look at somebody who's taking care of their parents or in that caregiver role. What other indicators do they have? And this would apply for Elizabeth as well? What indicators does that person? What behavior do they have? That identifies them? The reason why is because that will help the algorithm identify who the right person is the reason why we sort of segment and segregate and do all that it's not because we don't want to, we don't want to serve a certain group of people. And I And I'm trying to get more clear on like that side of my message. It's not that I don't want to serve the people like that I'm trying to repel. It's just that my business can't run profitably, for me to impact anybody if I'm trying to reach everybody. So I gotta get specific as to who is actually engaging with the algorithm, and then who is actually filling out our offers to your question Victor about Organic, I think I think organic can be a big distraction to people, if they don't have an offer to direct people to write, because you could make a ton of content and it's literally for not, you're just, oh, I have some views on some videos on social media, unless you're actively reaching out to those people and DMing them, which is an approach you can take. Or you can retarget those people you still need. Even if you're DMing people, even if you're retargeting them, you need an offer for them to sign up for, to then get them to buy the thing that you're selling. And so that side of it is really I think the first step is to develop that offer. And then you just utilize whatever channels that you have available to you to reach those people. So organic. Right now YouTube shorts is really starting to push content out to people. When he said yeah, when he says organic, it's unpaid. So YouTube shorts is probably one of the main platforms and then Tik Tok is another one, but it can be difficult to get going on. Instagram reels from what I've seen in the last six months is very hard for new creators now to get traction organically. And tick tock is getting a much harder to but YouTube shorts is pushing a lot of organic out to people. Yeah, Facebook reels will get some reach for some niches, some markets. But for the coaching niche, I found it to be harder. YouTube short seems to do really good for the coaching niche, where I'm getting a ton of organic followers a day by just posting all the same Instagram, real estate YouTube shorts every day. So that's now I don't, I don't have tangible results from that, truthfully, Victor. In my experience in business, all of our clients that we've gotten have come eventually through paid advertising. But the goal of it is that you're making back what you spend almost immediately, like within a couple of weeks. So if you're spending $500 on paid ads, the goal is for you like by by a week or two after spending that you have that 500 back in your account. And that 30 days later, you've doubled that 500 to where that 500 just turned into 1000. Right. And so so the goal isn't for that paid ads to be an expense, rather than there might be an initial push to that. But once you get your offer dialed in, and you're getting some leads into that the paid ads are what amplify it out there. But the purpose of running paid ads is for it to pay for itself. I I'm not going to run paid ads, if it's only breaking even, or if it's losing money that shows that something's wrong with the offer, right? Or the or the targeting or both. And a lot of times now The offer has more to do with the target more to effect on the targeting than it used to. So does that work

[609:02] Speaker 2: with the organic, you can still do a couple of lead magnets like the top 10. What are the current public domain songs of all time? Here's the list. You can get them yourself. I've typed them.

[612:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you can I I just I know these algorithms are really pay to play. And I be interested to see how it does for you at the same time. Just just saying this, like, I don't want you to be like, oh, like disappointed if it doesn't get a ton of traction with organic. Does that make sense? Hopefully, hopefully that makes sense. I said that their organic is like hard to predict. And I'm not super good at it either. I'm good at making content for like my group of people, and the people that I talk to, but like getting the organic algorithm to show content to people organically. I'm not super good at that my mom was a lot better at that than anything. And even now she says like, you got to do paid advertising to reach people for coaching. So,

[626:44] Speaker 3: yep. All right.

[627:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, yeah, so you can put an offer on YouTube shorts, and then lead them somewhere. So like, any sort of video you have, you can lead people to that you could even have like a bumper frame at the end of your video that like says get a free download in the description or something like that. Right? And then that leads them to that and so you're growing a list that way. Ultimately, the the Mott, the greatest indicator of your monetary growth in a coaching business is the growth of your email list. Right. What's funny is though, as I've had more people unsubscribe off of the last three offers that I've done than any of the offers, I've done six months before that. So I'm realizing that there's a certain segment of that market that is probably not my qualified target client but truthfully, this month was the first time that I was targeting my lookalike audience. So I need to refine my look alike audience See, even I have months where I'm like, Okay, I thought it would hit better, we were getting $3 leads, I got so many leads, I thought there was gonna be like, 150 people on live every day nope, it was the same number is when we were getting $15 leads, we got three times as many people that signed up for the training, and yet, and yet a third of them actually showed up. And it equaled the same number that we were getting before. So I'm like, Okay, this look alike audiences nice, I need to need to tweak it a little bit based off of the offer. One thing that I'm looking at, is I might create what I call a negative look like, I'm gonna test this out. So a negative look alike, because I'm gonna download everybody who's unsubscribed off my email list? And make that an audience and tell the Facebook algorithm to not show ads to them. Hmm, that's, that's a strategy that I've heard a few people using that can be pretty successful, because then it doesn't show your ad to a person who's most likely to not buy from you. Right? So and it makes sense, if it makes sense to the one way it should the other. So I'm going to probably try it out on our next campaign doing that. I found I have like, I have like 3000 people that have unsubscribed in the last year or two. So a lot. Yeah, and and so it's just a it's just people that like they left off the list. So all right. Any who's got who's got a question right now who wants to ask?

[667:15] Speaker 1: Elizabeth? I think Gina put her hand up, go with her first.

[669:30] Speaker 6: Agena Hey, Jay, I would find that category of taking forever to decide my niche and everything.

[671:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: But check out how we're using chat GPT to do that.

[672:41] Speaker 6: I think so I've been doing it. I'm cool. Yeah, so I really want to serve that Gen X woman, you know, we're totally the forgotten. No, no one remembers a 50 year olds that are here. But um, do you but all I created because I was thinking of live event like live event and enroll them in my high ticket adventure mastermind. But I have a massive block about seeing that from like a challenge to my big year long thing. It's missing the whole core. Which part? Do you think that I need to go? Like, if I'm gonna go with Facebook ads? Which fit still scares me? Do you think that I should, that wouldn't make sense to enroll them in a high ticket thing that they should come to a challenge. And then the first step is like, the bill for joy club that's cheap or low ticket and then build that community or the course.

[689:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not a big fan of doing that. There's two approaches. And I've talked with you long enough. And I know you've, you've learned from tons of different trainings and courses and online marketing and you, you have a message that you want to get out there, we just got to craft in a certain way. For you, I think it's really this is this decision. And I've and I've started to change my approach as to like what I recommend for people? Well, my recommendation is go for what's going to make you the most amount of money as fast as possible. But if you can't seem to figure out how to do that, to get you some momentum, then do the approach that you mentioned, of doing like a lower end one. The issue with that, though, is that if you run paid ads, you challenge and then you do a low end cheaper offer. If you're selling it for less than $300 your profit margins are it's very hard to make a profit.

[704:44] Speaker 6: Oh, I wouldn't. That's thinking like 1000 As opposed to

[705:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: 1000 Perfect. Okay,

[706:56] Speaker 6: but I'm like, I just want 30 People in my

[707:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Well, that's the thing. The word like cheaper program is relative to everybody. I know some people they're like, I want a program. That's $1 a month for people. I'm like, You're not gonna make any money. Yeah, like, I know, you want to help these people. You know, I was even tossing around the like the idea of like a $7, like entry level program that I do. And I'm just like, No, I'm probably not going to do it because when I launched my $7 New Year's special and my $7 Black Friday, I got 500 People that purchased it. Like in a week, like 500 people purchase that bundle for seven bucks. And so

[718:55] Speaker 6: that you built you have a really tight list that you monetize like crazy?

[720:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. Because it's because we get people off of it that aren't buyers. And so, with that, what you're saying, Yes, I would go in there at like $1,000. I think doing $1,000 a great price point to make a profit. With paid advertising. That's the price point that I recommend people do. $1,000 or three payments 395.

[727:45] Speaker 6: Oh, I just don't know how to differentiate what they get in that versus like, real shoulder to shoulder like real life, the business the bigger program? Yeah, my adventure mastermind, where we'll go to Italy and we do art. And

[732:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, here's Okay, here's, here's a great, great. Yeah, I mentioned that. I'll be at the beginning of here. Um, a great approach. I struggled with that same question right here, really for for a while? Yeah. Because I had a version of like, I actually had the accelerator mapped out for a while in my head, but I didn't launch it for long enough. And so it actually goes back to the biblical principle, the biblical principle of be faithful with the little to be ruler over much. And I've used that a lot in my life of building is as a better way. Or another way to look at is like, get present to what's currently in your hands right now. And use what's in front of you versus saying, Okay, how can I reach that thing that's far off? It's trusting the process, though?

[748:47] Speaker 6: Because it just makes Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Because Why do you always have to bite off more than you think you can chew?

[750:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like, it might actually, it might actually be the same thing as your we go to Italy and do all this, it actually might be the same thing for 1000 bucks, but you'll get enough people through that, that they're going to want to get more from you. And by actually doing the process. As human beings, we're really bad simulators of the future, I think, right? Like, I like to some degrees, we're really good at it, right? Like, I love science fiction novels and stuff like that, like we're simulating the future of like, what it could look like. A lot of what's in science fiction becomes science fact, over the course of time, which is really cool. But at the same time, then, in our coaching businesses, we can end up filtering what we would like and trying to simulate, okay, if people bought this, then are they going to buy that? And what I found is, it's actually just to say, Okay, let's not think two steps ahead. Let's just look at what is one step ahead of me, okay? And do that thing, which is your nine, which is your $1,000. program, it get those people and just crush it with them.

[768:47] Speaker 6: I love this because Russia, forget, I'll never forget J the time you said, I talk these people price in their thing, if they feel congruent at 500 or a grand instead, and they sell way more than me. Okay, so let me ask you this, because you've worked with someone, it's almost this thing, because my I'm selling built to wind.com. Right now it's an escrow for three grand, and I'm resurrecting My brand is built for joy.com. Cool. And that cool, thank you. So I'm teaching instead of just how to turn stress into strength, it's turning stress into joy and happiness. And you've worked with someone who I know probably has, of course all about joy and happiness. In a singer. Big Band. Yeah, Georgian.

[782:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Georgian bad off yet. Yeah. My friend George. Yeah. And I love him.

[783:25] Speaker 6: Oh, and I was a youth pastor. We used to bring him. Yeah. Back in the day. So like, that would be I think the course

[786:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I told him is how do we take that? Yeah. And make it tangible to what people want? Exactly. productize, something that sort of immaterial, like Joy productizing joy is as is telling the story of what they will experience. And you and you package a story of the result that they'll get.

[792:41] Speaker 6: I totally get that because my premise is that the skills that it takes to turn stress into happiness are the same skills. They're actually hard skills that will let you make anything possible. Yeah. So I'm excited to just teach but like I told you, I feel like I'm starting from scratch. So yeah, it's it's a list of about 20 right now because I don't

[800:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: know probably feel like you're starting from scratch every, every time you do something new. Okay, Coco, I had a, I had a coaching call one on one call with a client of mine yesterday. And we talked about this even in the accelerator is also the same topic of the book, The War of Art by Steven Pressfield. Yes. With resists resistance. And I read that book last night. I just I read through it because it was it's a powerful book. Yeah, about the fact that when we approach resistance, that the that it's actually a GPS and a compass to the direction that we're supposed to go. And so again, even to what you're saying is, Gina with you, I want to see you launching an offer, getting some virtual events going and getting getting some sales coming in. And I think that that's going to be that's going to be what's going to take you to the next stage where the vision is going to become clearer for you by simply taking steps through the process.

[819:43] Speaker 6: I'm done. I made my own funnels and did my keep them. Yeah. All right, thanks, simple

[821:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: tool that you might want to check out just because I think you I think people would really connect with you over video really well. Yes. Is video ask. So video ask allows you to create video funnels. If you can see the screen right here, look at this video where you can click the button on the video and people can sign up. Or they can watch a video of you to then go to the next step with you and engage with you. I'm going to be playing around with using this and some of our next couple of funnels is video ask is it's essentially like a video funnel engine. You're kidding. So that might work really well for you too, is where you just you create some videos, you say, Hey, if you want to go the next step with me, give me your name and email address and

[834:19] Speaker 6: so that we'd make a Facebook ad about the challenge or whatever and then use video asked to make that funnel.

[836:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the video ads could literally just be a you talking about what the challenge is. And so if you want to join me for this, give me your name and email address and then it pops up with your name and email and and that's the opt in. And so that's what I'm saying is it's like another name for that the technical name for that is a VSL

[840:54] Speaker 6: Why wouldn't I just put a video right smack on a little Squarespace page? Totally.

[842:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can do that, too. That's, that's the other way of doing it.

[842:46] Speaker 6: Okay, but I love what you're saying. Because Yep. Okay, think I think you got

[843:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: a big benefit to showing up on like, with little videos. Honestly, I think everybody here does. And I use little videos on each of the thank you pages and stuff that I do. And I'm starting to look into I think I need to put a video on my landing page too now. Even more so put a little DSL on the landing page that shares my heart with people. I think that would help qualify people better. So

[850:08] Speaker 6: you think totally instead of this 8000 annual program? It should be it should be a 1000. Go Pro.

[853:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think if you have the $1,000 program, the $1,000 program could be for two months. Yeah. And then you upsell that group to the 8000 when they go through those eight weeks with you. Yeah, because they're qualifying them. They'll know if they want to spend more time with you through that. Again, it's traditionally called the value ladder. But I find it to be a great approach to make just making sure that people are signing up for and getting the best value from you at each stage. Right. So they can get to know you more. We did that a lot with with a lot of Rick Pitino stuff to where we would do a $97 class, and then $1,000 and then to that group, they would be marketed a $10,000 or 5000. So

[865:45] Speaker 6: yeah, he's kind of hard. He took it to be a hard, hard, whatever, because it's like making money with your music. hard topic. So yeah, fine, man, soft, mushy life coaching stuff.

[869:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, it all it all ends up having some hard topics Eventually though, exactly, I believe is what a coach does a coach, a great coach helps people make the decisions that they would struggle to make on their own. And so they're a guide to help the person make the decision. And they help the person negotiate with themselves to make that decision. Yes. So I think that that's a big part of what coaching is, and coaching is also you're listening more than your than your spare like like, then you're speaking when I do a course it's me teaching when I'm coaching it's me listening to what you're going through.

[879:39] Speaker 6: Yeah, exactly. Oh, Okay, so back to creating a another. Right. Thank you.

[881:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. So, yeah, it looks like shade had raised his hand. And now he's no longer on here. So I'm not gonna be able to answer his question because he's not here anymore. Victor

[886:46] Speaker 2: Thank you. Yeah, I muted. So I let you squirm away without giving me a blue sky number Jeremiah.

[889:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I gotcha. I forgot about it.

[891:00] Speaker 2: Um, organically? Well, I'm not saying it's all organic period. I'm saying start organically, once there's enough traffic. Sure, paid ads, as long as it reinvest,

[894:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: initially, you just want to get at least 10 people, five to 10 people? I don't know. Because organic can be as small as like if you struggle to get 10 or as big as you get like 10,000. Right. And then with paid ads, it's more of finding the number of like, what's the cost? And then what's your profit margin? If you're if you're spending, again, about 10 to 20, people seems to be a good average in the in the people that are doing paid ads in our group again, but I'm not sure how to. I don't have a gauge to tell you how organic would do

[904:32] Speaker 3: that make sense? So

[905:30] Speaker 2: my target, so we got the yin and the yang, my target potentially 80% of several million is 5,600,000. Right? Those are that would be the individual family members have somebody within their household? I got your answer. Yeah. Right. And so when you look at that large number, the question is, if you do an eight to 12, week course, what can you sell it for? If it's really urgently relieved, the caregiver? And yeah, sanity?

[913:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do they have a budget for this?

[914:36] Speaker 2: Well, that's well again, so you now you're gonna want to target those that are affluent enough to pay for it, right? Yeah, for sure. But, to me, $1,500 is not too much of an ask.

[917:48] Speaker 0: No, it's not at all. For the right for the right person. $1,000 isn't much of an Ask 1500. Even even 2000 Isn't, once you go above two grand, people really start to get more hesitant with it. Above 1002, again, there's like there's a split there, you'll probably get half as many people buying something at two grand than buying something at one grand, but it's twice the price. So the profit margins are close to about the same.

[926:08] Speaker 2: I was concerned. So then on the other side of the ying and yang is back to the little price. So with with membership, because they're gonna constantly want to come to the well and get new songs. And they're just, you know, it's an ongoing thing they want to come back to even $7 a week, if you have 100,000 or $7 a month, if you have 100,000 members is a hell of a lot of money. Yeah.

[933:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: In my, in my experience with coaching businesses, most of the people that I've worked with usually have about they end up peaking around three to 5000 members as to who they can attract even at a price point like $7. And, and so the way they go outside of that is going outside of their their market and and partnering with other people, obviously, like you see, there's people out there that have like millions of followers and stuff like that. That's more the exception, not the rule. I think most coaches can get to a couple of 1000 people in their program, long term. And they can easily get to 500. But looking at 10 to 20 to 50,000. It's a different, it's a different approach that just straight running Facebook ads is isn't always going to get you there, especially with a niche offer like that. And so the more you niche down, you're looking at not volume, but rather quality of people that you're getting.

[952:26] Speaker 2: So, so the numbers you're throwing out to me, is much more applicable to a mindset program. You know, a consultation program in this case, you're it's not a question of qualifying. There's Dad, dad lives in the next room, Dad's got dementia, I need some help. And so if you make it an app, well, there is an app on the market. I mean, that's potential but really the idea is just to counsel them and tell them how to, for example, play a YouTube playlist, make the Youtube playlist. And so this takes a little bit of hands on work and it's all done with a smartphone. I can't sell them an iPod filled with music because a copyright, right? So I'd love just preload, whatever an mp3 player give it to him. But you can't do that because there's copyright law, unless you do a lot of grunt work to get it, but the playlist is going to be individualized. So this person's going to like James Taylor fine rain and this person's gonna like a bocce. Right and, and because it has to touch the individual's mind.

[970:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you have you done this before outside of this?

[971:51] Speaker 2: Well, I I have my background is radio and music. And so I've worked with six of North America's largest music research companies, Media Research Company. And as far as my experience, I don't know if you can see my camera. But it's like, I have a whole list of famous people from Celine Dion to Lionel Richie. I've interviewed. Cool and and so it's not like I don't have the proof insulate booth. There it is. Yeah. But but so the issue really is, is that every playlist has to be individualized. But the video I would tell you to watch is called Music philia. It's on YouTube, and then just go memory Alzheimers. Henry. And Henry is a guy in Chicago. And this video is 10 years old. But the guy that wrote this video as well, the guy that wrote the book was a neuroscientist named Oliver Sacks. Yeah. And he was the one that pioneered the whole movie alive inside. But every time I ask somebody in a nursing home, it's like music program, what's that? They still don't know. And so yeah,

[991:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: because you got to connect them to the, to the goal and the desire that they have the the relief that they're looking for, and that's what you're ultimately selling.

[993:29] Speaker 2: 100% Yeah, 100 Well, so they're happier, right? I mean, so. And some of them, they will actually recognize their kids names again. And like all of a sudden, what's that?

[997:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: This may be a good topic, like for a book funnel to like you do have the spin offs to write a book. I think it's a great, a great concept. My only caution, word of warning and caution as you go on this adventure is it might grow slower than you think it will. But it also could grow faster than you think it will. I don't, I it'd be hard for me to predict that because it's it is so unique. Right? So it's just gonna, it's gonna take starting the journey, putting it out there,

[1005:52] Speaker 2: until you've seen it. Like, if these people watch Henry, they're gonna buy the program. Seriously, like, that's all there is to it. These people walk into a nursing home, and they see the music therapy program in action. They're gonna buy the program, who's Henry? Henry is the guy in Chicago. So if you if you dial up the video, Henry, Alzheimer's, and music philia the documentary on Netflix is called alive inside. And so actually, it doesn't help just people with dementia. It helps people with Parkinson's, they can dance better, right? They can move like a person with Parkinson's can hardly move. Their feet are like pulled up on whatever, you play the music and all of a sudden they can dance. So the quality of life is huge. It's just well watch it with Henry Henry sits there for two years in a wheelchair says nothing. They put on cam Callaway and he starts up and it's a conversation

[1023:32] Speaker 0: that yeah,

[1024:37] Speaker 2: it's undeniable, right? The proof is in the pudding. And it will replicate itself over and over and over what

[1026:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: it'll what it'll take for you is to get some of the patients and to survey them and to pull them and really see what what else they would like to learn from you. And you start serving more of that and you start creating, you start creating sort of a buffet of service for people that have a family member with these issues and you help provide them not just the music but even more resources. And that's where you're gonna probably find that the profit from

[1033:53] Speaker 2: could be well just I mean, there's two, two providers on YouTube of holistic 432 bytes per that have millions of listeners and they can make albums for Alzheimer's. So even the spin off if you sell this stuff on Amazon is ridiculous. Wow. All right.

[1040:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, ballpark number it's hard to say.

[1041:52] Speaker 2: Of course, it's hard to say but blue sky had come up with a number.

[1044:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I think organically, I mean, I think 30 To 50 to start to validate the concept, get 30 to 50 people.

[1046:44] Speaker 2: And in the poor really,

[1047:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: truly, you need about 100 people to really get the

[1047:59] Speaker 2: deal. I'm gonna say 1000 Okay, if it's closer to me, you buy me a beer. And if it's closer to you, I buy you a beer.

[1050:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can buy me a kombucha. Kombucha whatever. There you go. Awesome. All right. Sounds good. All right, Duke.

[1054:19] Speaker 3: Law? Yeah. Me? Fine. Good. Yeah, I have a one quick question is still on the progress of learning from the fighter events. So. So after this, after this date, so how long have you taken that down? So I can know that?

[1059:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you buy the VIP pass to it?

[1060:39] Speaker 3: Not yet. I've seen watching in the YouTube video. Yeah, I

[1061:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: take those down. Tomorrow, though, honestly, with my new baby, here's the thing. I say I take it down tomorrow with my new baby, I might forget. And it might be Thursday, so but they will be coming down this week. Okay.

[1066:53] Speaker 3: Yeah, thank you.

[1067:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. So yeah. Awesome. You know, it's funny, just a side note, I there's a, here's the thing I love. You might find other coaches and marketers out there, like don't like to refer to other marketers funnels and stuff. I don't mind it, because I think there's enough room for everybody in this industry. And so Ryan Lovak, I checked out his funnel that he had. And he's doing almost the exact same funnel, that we're doing almost the exact same copy too, which is crazy. I was like, This is awesome. But what he did was he ran a free event, to a, a one day event that was all about building, doing virtual events. And then he's now marketing, a paid one day event, that's three hours long, that's $25. So he up sold everybody, you have to pay to get to the next level. And I think that's what I'm going to do next on this 90% Sure he's probably selling $1,000 $2,000 program at the end of that. So again, the virtual events funnel is it's just, it's what's working right now. This is the second one that he has right here. He is showing you what we taught in the chat GPT training, he's showing you how to use chat GPT to brainstorm your bootcamp and to plan out your, your course. So which is pretty cool. But he's charging $23 for it. Access to the recordings if you attend live, or it's $230, if you need a 14 day pass of the recording, I thought that was interesting. I don't like doing this approach. But I like having this $23 To access the next level training. And I think that's that's that's a pretty cool approach for a virtual event. He did a one day free event before this where he did a one day free event before this, and now it's a $23 event. That's three hours long. And then I'm 90% Sure, just based on all these funnels work that he's going to be selling 1000 $2,000 program at the end of this $23 event. So that type of funnel just it seems to me it works for our business. It's worked for our clients businesses, is the whole concept of pre qualifying people. Building trust with them. Ultimately, it's all about building trust. And then leading people to what is the next step for what they want to learn. Which is cool. I liked even just the copy that Ryan did, because he did his first event was launch your virtual event funnel. So that was his offer. And I'm like I've been thinking about doing an offer like that. And so then his second one was use chat GPT to map out your virtual event $23 Then he's probably going to dive into how you build out the the Ask funnel, a lot of the virtual event funnels that we're doing right now. He's been doing been for a long time, too. He wrote a whole book on that as well. The idea is you ask your clients what they want, and then you give them more of it. And so he's got some great training on that. Elizabeth.

[1123:08] Speaker 1: Hi. I boil that said to you, Victor, but that's another conversation. I just because I know that the scene there. I have two questions. One's about an idea I had once about the program. So I'll lead with the the idea I had this crazy idea the other day that happened to be in a really quiet moment. You know, my audience, my main audience, through my life has been women, meditation, journaling, creativity, you know, catapulting them. And years ago, I did a talk many talks called diet as lifestyle food as medicine. And I've also done a lot with like, I'm working part time at a supplemental health that I know I do, too. And I thought, you know, that audience could really diet if lifestyle food is medicine, and it's literally me just talking with an offer at the end, actually it for them, because I have a whole supplement dispensary that you can get less than Amazon, you know, that they can just join, it's not an MLM, or anything like that, where they just get their supplements better. But I think that audience might be the audience that is interested in things like journaling creativity, like I could say, hey, like this, you know, get on my waiting list, like kind of testing the waters with that with that without asking a big ask. Yes.

[1142:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, because I can, I can say, with a lot more certainty, because you've been doing this for a while, is, especially if they're people who followed you for a while, they'll they'll buy into whatever you send them.

[1146:58] Speaker 1: Well, that's my next question. I've been doing this for a while, but I never created an email list. I have a talk from here to all over. And I my email list is not really my dear supporters, but they're not my audience. You want to me? I gotcha. Yeah. And so, you know, that's, that's, that could take time to build or it could happen fast. My other thing was,

[1153:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just really good. You think it could happen in about six months? Okay. The other

[1154:33] Speaker 1: one was that I was, I must admit, I was overwhelmed. I'm a little overwhelmed, because I'm like, Wow, a lot of information. And we've had a little conversation. I mean, in terms of jumping into this, you know, you know, could I need to learn or find somebody who can mentor me, or hire someone to help me with funnels? autoresponders? Facebook, right, I know you're doing that. But honestly, I don't want to do it all alone, it's just too much overwhelmed. me jumping in with you on this adventure? You know, and I can't get Jasper and Thinkific. Now, and I don't have the ads thing. But it sounds like a copy, you know, that I could learn about copy, I could get things ready, I could launch little bits. Would that be crazy,

[1169:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: or that'd be a great, that'd be a great approach. I think that there's a lot of people that are in the program. That's like the third category of people, there's sort of a group of people, they're like, they're not doing anything. They don't go through the training, nothing like that. Then there's the group that like they're taking action. They're very vocal with what they're doing. But there's a third group that I also love. They're they're kind of silently behind the scenes. They're building and then three, five months into programming, like I got all this results. And I'm thinking, Oh, awesome. So you've been building kind of behind the scenes. So I think that would that would be good for us to do that chat. GPT is has opened up the game, to where you don't, you don't have to pay for Jasper to get started. You can use chat GPT I think Jasper is superior to chat GPT. But it's, you know, use what you can use with what you got. Put it together that way. There's also there Steven in the group. There's Jonathan that she can help set up your ads. She's in the group there. And so there's some people that I refer that I refer in the group that I work with, and they work on a lot of my stuff, and I've known them for a while that can also help you set up some of the more tech side of things,

[1187:58] Speaker 1: right? I have a Facebook thing was set up. I have not had to do it. I did it, but it was left and the other was

[1189:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: changed in like a year and a half ago though with Facebook ads.

[1190:53] Speaker 1: Okay, cool. Things changed. Yeah, I have one more thing. So diet is less than food as medicine. Yeah. Anyway, this I can't remember what I was gonna say. But this idea came about just getting on there. I love talking to people getting on there doing a talk about diet lifestyle. It's entertaining. It's fun. Because like, I just feel that there's something there it just Yeah. Awesome. Well, that's gonna say so. Thank you.

[1197:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think again, that's why that's why I've debated getting rid of the like the 30 day, sort of money back guarantee. period. But I think it really helps people just to see it. You'll know after 30 days, are you gonna make this work or not? Is this a good fit for you? And so that's what I recommend people do is jump in and try it out and see how you like it.

[1203:39] Speaker 1: Okay, you've got me and part and you know, part of why I would jump out, but I will jump in. Thank you. Oh, that was the other thing. So like, I get up if we can't make the whole thing this weekend. I'm like, oh, no, you know, because I would have blocked it off if I'd known. But I guess we can just go back. And, you know, it'll be funny I liked I like the group energy helps me. Yeah, doing a loan, I kind of get crazy. So

[1211:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: the group energy in the paid program, we is like, take like kind of the best moments of some of these VIP Q and A's times 10. Because it's, it really is like a motivating group and community of people that is doing the work. So like, I actually get motivated by doing the group calls with our members. And they get motivated to do stuff. And then they start to see results. You might hear somebody else sharing what they're doing at it helps drive and raise everybody else up. And so I've really designed it that way to be sort of, like, how do we get the whole group all on the same wavelength operating together to where we're building these amazing coaching businesses and doing so a huge part of what I talk about is self compassion is number one priority, like, like, like, that's the thing is self compassion. Now, I mentioned the beginning, I naturally struggle with, like, self punishment, and even self hatred and things like that. And there's been a number of members that have actually dealt with that. And so, in my study about self compassion, I brought that even into the group that like, you need to, okay, you didn't get your funnel finished this week. Don't beat yourself up, be like, You know what, I did the best I could, I did a great job. Like, this isn't about you, like needing to like, a you want to hold yourself accountable and say, okay, but I want I'm going to do better next week, I'm gonna see if I can adjust my schedule. We want to have a growth mindset with that. But it's also how can I have as much self compassion and self empathy as possible? To where that's the fuel that actually drives people to take action? Not the guilt? Not the shame, not the so? Yeah, any of that for me.

[1242:19] Speaker 1: And if we could take baby steps and like not feeling

[1243:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally, one, I come across as like bigger and scary, like, in the free training. And but then I'm like, you know,

[1245:24] Speaker 1: I said that to somebody today, I said something. Like, I said, you know, on the outside, he looks this way, but it's much on the end. Not been

[1247:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: told that my whole life to train for that

[1248:08] Speaker 1: that's a great thing. That's a beautiful. I gotta say, I gotta say one thing to Victor Victor, part of what you're selling is connection between children and their parents, their adult children, or it's like that. That loving connection, you're selling recognition, you're selling all those things. It's not just about because anybody, I played music from my mom of her generation, that's all I had to do. And my mom was fine. She'd never find anything deep anyway, but dimensional in that way.

[1256:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: That was That was brilliant. Elizabeth, I love that. And what that did was it just sparked me an idea as well, Victor, your target client might feel guilt about what the time they didn't spend with their family. And so the idea is, this could be a way to sort of atone for what they wish they could have done.

[1261:46] Speaker 1: And if you could have free, you know, so getting free things like you have a training, that that's free, you know, like the basics. And you look, a lot of it depends family caregivers, a lot of them don't have money, and they're extraordinary debt, and they're extraordinary, alone, and they have nobody supporting them, and they're there for years gone. Then you've got people who put their parents in facilities, and they may have the money in high end facilities. You know, the ones that make it so you could be selling your program to facilities, you could talk to that. So yeah, totally layer it so that you can reach all of them. You know, the ones who cannot afford this at all up to the ones that have tons of money and don't even really want to see mom and dad except maybe once a year. So,

[1272:51] Speaker 2: yeah. Tomorrow I'm going to see the director of Toronto's largest Personal Support Worker college. And she wants to teach it to the whole student body. Great,

[1276:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: as well, we I have a it's funny, sometimes she's on my live trainings with a lady I've known for years. She's the CEO 25 years of the Arizona assisted living Federation. Rowan's? No, I can just connect you with her to. That's kind of the cool thing about the accelerator is if I'm like, there's a connection that I can make with somebody else with you. I try to do that as well. Just organically, I think. Yeah, I think I'll connect you and Karen just after this,

[1284:42] Speaker 1: that'd be great. The other is the home health care industry, which I really despise, actually, I mean, they screwed us so badly. But their facilities, you know, be with mom, Angel, this that, that, you know, I don't love those facilities personally. But there, but that's a whole other thing. But you can have another market there. Yeah, thank you so much.

[1290:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Totally. Yeah, you're you're you might find your clients from markets that are under serving their client. See, it's funny, you can find breakthrough. Even this conversation with Elizabeth. And you and I, that happens a lot in the accelerator itself, which is cool. Just between members, sort of, because it's a bunch of it's a bunch of coaches that we all have ideas. And so sometimes, like we ended up sharing some of that for each other's Sure. Different stuff, which is close synergy. Yeah. There's a real synergy with the members, which is fun. All right, Duke Duke still has his hand up. So let's see you got another question, Elizabeth.

[1302:19] Speaker 1: Due to URL. I think

[1303:29] Speaker 0: his hand was up from earlier. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, I think we

[1306:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's always crazy to me the second q&a. The last day, time just seems to evaporate. I thought we've only been talking for like 40 minutes. That's what happens in the accelerator, too. I need to literally have like a timer. So I know when to stop, which is funny. Because I will just keep we'll just keep flowing and having fun. And it's amazing stuff. So probably you have a quick question before I go, and then I gotta go.

[1314:07] Speaker 7: Not really a question. It's more of advice to people who are thinking about coming to the accelerator. So I should tell you this. That

[1316:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't ask prodigy to say all this either. He's just

[1318:09] Speaker 7: because you told me you told me about a question, right? You're like,

[1319:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you please? Like is that but was that a script? Right? You know?

[1320:28] Speaker 7: I wish so all right. Me too. So Jeremy, I didn't tell you this. So I originally thought that the seven T will ever it is $2,000 a month. I thought that was the cause. I thought that that was the cause per month, not per year. And I legitimately was going to still do it. Because there was a time you probably remember this. Your mom had done a VIP coaching program. That was $2,000 a month? Yes, yes. Remember this, right. And it's this. I mean, I made me mistaken.

[1329:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it was a million dollars on that.

[1330:24] Speaker 7: I believe it, I believe it. And what I was gonna say was that that's literally what I thought this was. And I was thinking about designing up at the $2,000 a month. And then when I figured it out, it was only 2000. For the year. I said, Oh, my God, and I signed up immediately. That's awesome. So I'm just letting you know, because the quality of what you've been teaching is so phenomenal. And I already knew it was going to be phenomenal. I already knew us or your mom and I knew what you had done for your mom and her business. And yeah, given you so many accolades over the years, and explain how she's I don't even know how this works. And then she would bring you in on the Zoom clone, an inner circle. And then you would teach how to do the retargeting and how you'd she's, I don't even know how this happens. But Jeremy takes care of it. That's a terrible question. Yeah, so that's, so I'm just saying to anybody who's on that fence. And I will say I have a, I'm gonna make this as a last thing. I know of a company now they do it for you, quote, unquote, I also heard, and I also would caution, anybody that goes to a company that says they're going to do it for you, right? Because, yeah, because I have found that nine times out of 10 it's not done to the level that you were wanting it to be done. And as a result, you are not happy. And you really should know if you're ever gonna hire somebody, you need to know how to do it yourself.

[1352:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do yourself so you know how to direct them and lead them. Yeah, exactly.

[1353:29] Speaker 7: So never go into that trap of I'm just gonna hire other people and just let them do it. Because I can tell you right that you're just throwing money into the dark and it's never going to happen and then you're going to be sitting there with the more the more times than not it's very that's very true. Yeah, I and so that's the only thing I would say. I don't want to hold you all up. But I just wanted to say that I think if you are on the fence, if you're thinking about joining join him i I can tell you it was, it's been the best coaching program. Particularly I've said this many times, but the group is so active, and it really gets me inspired. I'm looking at people's results. And I'm like, probably you got to get to this. Like, I've got to you got to do this. Otherwise,

[1364:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not because like, you feel like inadequate or like, you're not doing good enough. You're no, no, no, no, no. Like, it's like a, like a. I can do this because they did it.

[1367:15] Speaker 7: 100. And it's because you're like, I think did it, if you will, if I turn this camera around, which I'm not going to do, you would see all my nose, not just from you, but all the things I'm gonna be working on and my to do share this. So I do this now, every day, I do a thing, which is gratitude goals for the day. And then my purpose cool. And it allows me to recenter myself and focus myself so that every day I know what I need done. Yeah, because as a small business owner, you automatically just go, what am I supposed to do today? Yeah. Yeah. And then just becomes easy just to have a list. So anyways, I was just gonna say, if you're on the fence, join us, you're gonna have so much fun and you're gonna learn so much. Yeah. And I think you're gonna end up being a dip. At the end of 12 months, I think you're gonna become a different person in the way that you think and operate in all areas of your life. Because I find coaching doesn't, it's never about the one thing. If I believe I'm not good enough, then I don't do the work because I don't believe I'm good enough. And then when, and this all goes from that one play. But if you can change that for yourself, then you can change that in all areas of life. And you can be everywhere. And it's not about becoming or Jeremiah. It's about becoming the best of who you are. Right? Yeah, exactly. And once you understand that, and that's why Jeremiah doesn't try to become his mom. Right?

[1389:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, yeah, I'm not trying to turn on the eyes into me either. That'd be really weird. I'm not looking at Jeremy clones. I've been in coaching programs are like they try to make you like a clone of the teacher. Those are weird. That's, uh, honestly, I think that's, that's a big red flag for me of who not to coach with. That becomes a cult leader.

[1396:17] Speaker 7: That's what I love about your mom. And she's so like you do you? Yeah. And I did you mean? And this is why, yeah, I'm gonna let you go. But thanks so much, everybody.

[1399:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks, everybody. I'm excited for those that are jumping in. I'm excited for everybody here. If you don't jump in now. Stay connected, stay plugged in the YouTube channel, the podcast. Like, I'm still pouring into the podcast every single week. If you missed those episodes, I even tell everybody who's in the accelerator to listen to the podcast because I make the episodes based off of what we're talking about in the accelerator, which is pretty cool. So the podcast is based off of all of my coaching interactions, and what and what we're helping people with so All right, everybody, have a good night.

