VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-09-29T20:33:01.000Z
Duration: 63 min
Otter ID: a8xOwp1MJpVXCuHVj7jTmA5JOXE
---

[0:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's bring up the VIP go live on Facebook invite copy invite link

[10:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and we're going live in the accelerator group. letting everybody into this VIP here. All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome on over to the VIP. You know how the drill is raise your hand if we got questions we want to chat. And we're gonna break down. Whatever whatever we want to talk about. We want to talk about the the accelerator programs, we want to talk about your business your offer. We want to go over some ideas for your copy your ads, whatever you name it. This is this is your time right here. So raise your hand and let me know that you're ready to go. What's up, Nancy? Hey, Nancy. How are you? Um, looks like you got a microphone on on one computer and you got a no microphone on the other.

[27:44] Nancy Hamilton: Okay, how about now?

[28:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I hear you now. There we go. Okay. They've been

[29:12] Nancy Hamilton: having some connectivity problems. So this is why okay, it wasn't I'm yeah, I'm absolutely thrilled. I have one question. Yeah. What makes a testimonial documented?

[32:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: The fact that you pay? Let's let me let's see. Explain to me your question, because there's like, 30 ways I could answer that.

[35:22] Nancy Hamilton: What are you? Are you talking about using documented testimonials? So I think is that something that makes it really legit? Is it something you have to do for credibility is a legal requirement? What is it?

[38:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. If I produce a result for somebody, and they told me, I produce the result, I'm going to tell other people about the result I produce for them. There's no legal requirement behind that, though. Okay. So it's like, now that person can come back and tell me, Hey, I don't want you to tell people that you helped me. does happen. hasn't ever happened to me? Did happen a few times to my mom, she has people they're like, Hey, I don't want people knowing I worked with you. You know, so at that point, like, for whatever reason, that person, what, what we found is, how do we explain it? The reason why it was it was a lot of non like nonprofits, that were sort of presenting themselves as not having a lot of finances, but my mom helped them great finances, and they did not want people that followed both of them to know that they were financially successful. Okay.

[56:33] Nancy Hamilton: Sorry, is it just common practice, to ask them for the testimonial, and then ask them where you can share it or just,

[58:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's up to you. I mean, if you you know, if you feel like you need to do that, then do that. I don't necessarily like, if somebody is going to share their testimony with me, I'm going to share it with other people. And then if that person tells me to take it down, and I'll then I'll do that. Some people feel uncomfortable doing that. Okay. But yeah, there's no, there's not any kind of I mean, you're not making up the testimony. It's not fake. It's not. I have generally gone and asked people, but then sometimes to like, I, I might not have an exact testimony where they said something, but I know the result that we produce. So that's where it becomes like a case study where I'm telling the story about a result that we produce for somebody, you know, here's the thing, I could probably never get Danny Johnson to give me a testimony. That's an example. Right? All right. But I will share what what I did working with with her when I did so. Um, yeah, hopefully that answers your question. Here's one of the here's one of the things that like and there's a lot of like layers behind this behind that question. Is, I think one of the one of the things that mentors encode because we what's gonna really prevent you from making the kind of money you want to make in your business is if we're so careful about upsetting other people, because of the fact that we might lose them lose the connection, things like that, whatever. I'm not don't take that some weird way where it's, I mean, like, go out and be a jerk to people on purpose. And like, that's not what I mean by that. But it's like being so I find that more often than not, if we're really concerned with like, Am I allowed to do this, and it has to do with like, a testimony or saying and stuff like that. The root behind that could be and I don't know if it is in your case, but I know for me, it was I was just so worried as to what these people would think about me and I didn't want to upset anybody. And I think that I used to be that way, where I was very careful to like not upset people. And I used to talk about, I've talked about this before, I actually have a podcast episode called the power of being willing to disappoint people the power in not walking on eggshells so concerned with, are they going to think this of me? Are they going to think that of me? And I can tell you in my own business, anytime I've done that, it's prevented me from growing my my business. My mom the same way anytime she's done that, and worried about that. And the reason why is our culture tells us to be that way our society tells us to be that way. Again, I just I think it's like, it's there's such an as an inordinate focus that we need to not put on being so concerned with as everybody happy with us all the time. Um, you know,

[110:18] Nancy Hamilton: yeah, I get that I don't, and it's very bad. I don't control people's interpretation of stuff. I just want to know if there was like a legal or an external thing that, yeah, this is like a certification or something. But it's not. It's, it's just no. Okay. I can deal with that. Yeah,

[115:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. You know, in the, I mean, even in the coach in the coaching and mentorship industry, you actually it's one of the spaces you don't need to be certified. Either, which is why there's a lot of people that are that are scams, they're fake. Yeah. Here's one of the here's one of the things that I see people do. They're like, I don't want to look like a scam. So I gotta, so they think they do things that are way over here, different than what the scammers do. And I think that's a huge mistake that people make. Because it's like, there's a reason why I want you to like think about this. You might not have ever thought about this. There's a reason why people get scammed, because they trust that the scammer is not a scammer. So the things that the scammer actually did the get the sale is the right stuff to do if you have integrity as well. And I think that like, like, people don't realize that we think, Okay, I gotta do something way different over here. The whole reason why people get scammed is because they trust that it's legitimate. And so if you are legitimate, I see most I see this as a big problem in the mentorship space, and I'm really passionate about it, legitimate people shrink back and play small. And the illegitimate people are out there, taken all the business from the legitimate people, because the legitimate people are afraid of looking like one of those people. And it's just like, it's this incredible thing in the marketplace is why talented people never go recognized. starving artists exists. That's why so many legitimate coaches and mentors don't get a lot of clients. And so like, I'm not telling you to go scam people, of course not goodness. But the process of sales and selling and doing so ethically. Yeah, that builds trust with people. Um, is it I see way too many mentors and coaches that have integrity that are way too. They're trying to make sure that they don't cross some some arbitrary line. And that line is like, it doesn't even exist, really. It's more that they don't want to look like one of those people that are out there. And so I'm really passionate about this. I talked about this is more something I talked about in the accelerator with people. Yes. Well, like what I just said. I've had people massively misinterpret and then send me really nasty emails about what I just said. And so again, I I usually talk about some of that, like with the accelerator group, because unless people know me, and that actually worked with me, they, they have the right to assume the worst about me. And I think that's another thing that we're mentors and coaches, we concern ourselves way too much with how we look to other people. It's not our you know, of course, I'm going to do my very best and have great character. But if somebody wants to assume something about me, I'm not going to I'm not going to take my, my energy that I could be spending growing a business to defend myself against anybody. Anybody, I think that like that posture is a place of abundance. It's a, it's a scarcity posture to, to, to be so defensive. So it's just this is something I'm really passionate about as a few dimensions to it. I know you didn't even you didn't even bring up some of those aspects of it. But like, I feel an internal passion about this. Because like, I want to see you guys succeed way better than any of these scammers are financially with your legit, amazing coaching that you're putting out there. And so it takes like, challenging some of those beliefs a little bit. I agree with

[180:47] Nancy Hamilton: you having been scammed. I've got it. But to me the differences in the delivery, what you deliver and the value. The Yeah, the delay. Yeah, exactly. The park. And we all know that when I heard that the stat that only about 3% of the people who sign up for courses, actually complete them and succeed. Adam, that tells me Yeah, who delivers it, who doesn't. So thanks for that very much. And

[187:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, let me challenge that though. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm going to challenge that. Okay. Somebody who delivers is still going to have a stat where a lot of the people who sign up for their courses are not going to succeed. Okay, so there's no, there's no difference between the legitimacy or not, because that responsibility falls on the student. Yeah, yeah. Otherwise, we step into codependency where the coach and mentor is caring more about the students results than the student does. Okay. And you can't scale that because that means that you're now basically micromanaging your your coaching clients, the way that a boss would have the job to make sure that they're doing their work. And that's not sustainable at all. And in any kind of in any kind of coaching or mentoring business. And so again, these are all like, it's funny, like, there's these ideas, like even like what you just said, right there, like, you know, the more legitimate ones, of course, I think the more legitimate ones have a higher success rate. There are there are still people who like, I mean, this, I'm in this so politely, I'm not holding a gun to your head and making you do the work. Ya know what I mean? Like? So, like, the fact that I'm not going to do that doesn't mean that I'm a crappy coach, or that I'm a scale. And yet, that's what's funny is, we think that we put so much pressure on ourselves for the responsibility of the result for the client. When it's really about meeting them halfway a collaborative environment, a great leader motivates people to take action. Don't you want to know why most people I believe, don't succeed in mentorship programs, as I think that they're actually lying to themselves about their goals and their priorities. And they want they want everything, they want it all they're not willing to make sacrifices with their time, their boundaries. They're not willing to do the hard stuff. And so they would rather put the blame say, well, that coach sucked. That mentor sucked. And so, again, that's it. as mentors and coaches, we got to realize that you're going to do way better, knowing that coming from that perspective and having the confidence and not operating in a way that's like I've just I've seen that happen. I've

[230:21] Nancy Hamilton: no, I I used to babysit when I was 14. Not anymore. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's I thought the qualifying process would increase 100% engagement. Okay. That's all that's yeah. Does.

[233:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. The qualified the qualifying process increases engagement.

[234:55] Nancy Hamilton: Yeah. But

[235:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: now there's a principle to business as well. Of

[237:55] Speaker 1: I've seen people like,

[238:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: go take that way to the extreme and they disqualify everybody. Oh that steps into more of a place of judgment rather than Yeah, you know what I mean? So people a chance ya know, I touch a lot on on the idea of codependency not being codependent as a coach having boundaries. And and and it's the one topic I've had people say kind of make or breaks whether they're willing to do to willing to be a client of mine is because there's there's there's a whole segment of the mentorship market that believes that if you're not codependent with your clients, you're a bad coach and I just I don't I don't engage with that rhetoric lot a lot of light a lot of layers to this that I love. These are these are deep conversations that we can take time with, you know, I mean, codependency the whole idea of managing other people's emotions, feelings that comes from trauma comes from, if you ever felt like you had to make sure that somebody else was taken care of in order to be safe. That's where that comes from.

[256:32] Nancy Hamilton: It's family patterning and conditioning. Exactly. I dealt with a lot of that. But yeah,

[258:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the that was the family pattern and conditioning that I grew up with. So

[259:04] Nancy Hamilton: thank you for that. Thanks so much.

[260:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Denise, what's up?

[261:00] Denise: Hey, I'm sorry. I live in kind of in and out. I want to just clarify something I heard you say don't sign up until Tuesday. Is there a reason? Or did I misunderstand? Because I've been in and out? Trying?

[264:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was more of just a joke that I said, Yeah, I was I was like, I was like, you know, if you if you want to jump on the the free calls with me and then sign up on Tuesday, you'll get you know, though, because the because the monthly renewal comes out one month after you sign up. So like, if you sign up on Tuesday, you'll get three extra days. And I'm not really concerned whether people sign up today or Tuesday. If you're gonna jump in, you're gonna jump in. I want law I want like people that are good. That's why I have the 30 day money back guarantee. Like, if you guys can't tell like I I'm okay with people not being my client. That are not a good.

[276:00] Denise: No, I miss them. Because I'm trying to work you in today. So it's good to clarify. So

[278:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you that and somebody all might think that's a little weird and feel a little put off by the fact that like, I'm like, okay with you not being my client, I want you to realize that that letting go of like that is the something that you need to actually understand as a success strategy for us in business is to have an open hand where you don't need this thing to work to feel successful. And I think that that's a huge thing. I think a lot of people, they they miss what they could create in their business because of there's so much focus on, like, I need to make this work, I need to I need to control that. And so everything that I'm doing, like I just want to I'm at this point, I'm pulling back the curtain on everything and sharing this all with you. Because this type of thinking is stuff that you're that every mentor and coach that I've ever met has had to challenge in order to be successful. If not find somebody when you come to the when you come to the table with desperation, you're desperate, you know, nobody likes a desperate, needy person. And so in business when it comes to our sales and marketing, we got to address where is that desperation even coming from sometimes. And that will make you way more attractive to the right people. It'll also be very off putting to the ones who aren't a good fit. And so that's why I've come to the conclusion if somebody if somebody is put off by anything that I say do how I look during one of my events, it's probably to both of our benefit that they didn't become a client and that that position has always served me really well. So um, all right, William, what's up William? Yeah, my thank you so much.

[310:26] WilliamN: Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you so much for taking time especially your mom was saying the little man's teeth and so not getting much sleep probably in your house.

[312:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're no we're not honestly, he's up every every two hours crying at night. You know, this is this is definitely me on lack of sleep and and that but yeah, I guess my

[317:52] WilliamN: question is around this. I made a comment. I mean, your mother's stock group so I made a comment to her about you know, I feel like I'm Having the shiny object syndrome where you know I'm in I'm in forex trying to understand you that I'm trying to understand trade. And now I want to start my own business. So I really like to get into this program. But I'm not I don't think I'm at the place where everybody else might be in this group meaning this, I don't have any material. I've never really done any online presence whatsoever. I have a lot of ideas and dreams and ideas of books and stuff like that. So would it be beneficial for someone who say is wet behind the years knew to jump into your salary? Or now or should build something and the next time you offered jump into it, then that makes sense?

[329:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it would, it would be beneficial to jump in now as being somebody that's new, because we have the resources for you to get started. And to and to not waste time and do the wrong things and go on the wrong path. with setting up and getting started. Obviously, it's your choice to make to be able to do that. But we have people that are that are they have an established business, and they've gone on to grow it even more, or they're just getting started from scratch and everywhere in between. So we've designed it to work with those two, whether you're just getting started, or you have somebody that's established, so yes, you would benefit from it.

[340:40] WilliamN: Okay, good. I was curious about that, because I didn't want to waste anyone's time. So that's what I was kind of asking is to that. So okay, cool. Thank you so much.

[343:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, that's why there's that's why there's the 30 day period for you to kind of go through, see if it's a good fit for you. If you're like after 30 days, you know, it's not then they go housing, your mother's

[346:31] WilliamN: inner circle, so and it's just unbelievable, the knowledge that you both have, it's just really blows my mind. So I definitely like I'm sad to see that community. So

[348:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of experience. Oh, I'm sure. And it's, you know, neither my mom or myself are gonna always say what people want to hear. But we're gonna say what we know, especially like what people need to hear. And what like what gives me the, the gall or the arrogance to think that I know what anybody needs to hear, right? Like, that's a pretty arrogant statement. When you work with 1000s of people that have the same issues, you start to identify patterns. And so it's not necessarily arrogance, it's, it's it comes from experience over time you start to build that, I think that that's what makes it makes a good mentor. But I'm always curious as to like where people are at individually in their business to uniquely, you know, for you, William, we want to, we want to pick what's a good topic to start with. If you want to create a mentorship and coaching business, that's going to be kind of your step one. And in the program, we got a class called Six steps to six figures, it breaks down those six steps. The first lesson too, it is all about finding your niche, and I think that'll help.

[366:43] WilliamN: Yeah, and I've done stuff like last 20 years, I was a lay minister. So I've done countless training and mentorship in finding the why your purpose that mom talks a lot about I mean, but all these areas is so saturated with people that it'd be nice, okay, figure it out. A well, there's not such Yeah,

[372:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to find a niche that's not super saturated. And coaching and mentoring is nearly impossible. And 2023. Yeah, so that's why you have to present what you have in a way that stands out from all of the other people that are out there. And that's where doing this process of doing live events and training and stuff like this, like the most successful people are doing this. Everybody else is just posting content every day, hoping people reach out to them, maybe sending a few DMS that this is what sets you apart to where it's like, your niche could be saturated. That's fine. But But this gets people to connect with you. And now there's only one you there's only one Williams there's only one Jeremiah, there's only one, Sandy. That's what people are actually really buying into not just the information. And I think that that's another thing to think about as well. You know, I find that sometimes, like if you're coming in from a ministry background, oftentimes we say everything points to God. And we want to avoid self promotion. I think that that's that's, that's good, like good, but it's like telling the good news of what you're offering to people also means you have to shout it from the rooftop and let people know what there is as well. So

[394:43] WilliamN: exactly. That's good approach. Yeah, we talked about the courses that you're going to start teaching how to build courses that's why I really dream about that.

[396:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's yeah, that's in the in the program. There's there's, there's courses in there inside the membership that we've already put together that break down each little nuanced area that will help you out Yeah, perfect. Thank

[400:10] WilliamN: you so much. All right.

[400:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up, Sue? How are you?

[402:29] Sue McGarvie: Hey, I'm at the cottage trying to get ready. But I'm going to see more of me because I'm going to sign up this weekend. Awesome. Because I've gotten to listen, I've been at Russell Bronson's five day I've been at a bunch of other people's, I have not bought the big money. So well done. Number one is is and I love the idea of sort of, of duplicating it. So I've been trying to reverse hack some of the stuff that you've and I spent the morning fighting with chat GPT about trying to get and I got where you said you spend 80% of your time crafting your sales copy, because it comes up as you know, some of it's Greek. But my quick question is about is about the offer, right? Because you said you wished you had done an offer previously. And the offer, you know, because I'm looking at what you're doing. And it seems that I don't know how when you run a five day, and how often because I see it said I see your weekly Saturday event. And so I know you do your $7 upsell and your $27 upsell, which I'm sure helps offset some of your Facebook ads. I know that that was the the discussion. And then you have your ongoing monthly accelerator, and then you do your one on one coaching. In terms of setting up the offer, I think that's the piece that I'm going to end up struggling with because I'm doing it now I have lots of people that $250 coming into my course, I want to make sure that I have it and I haven't done a monthly membership. Is that the the biggest offer versus you know, like a $2,000 or eight, you know, if you want to matchmake with somebody in my area, it's $1,000. Mm hmm. I'm trying to figure out what the best offer is, and how do you how did you come up with that? Hmm.

[432:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, it starts with again, we saw I split between, like a free offer that exposes you to new people. Okay, so that's the one side of it that's kind of that's called an offer. An offer just is, hey, here's something valuable, do you want it or not? You know,

[436:47] Sue McGarvie: alright, so maybe, maybe I'm asking about your funnel. And maybe I'm asking for your you know, progressively in terms of of sales volume, like you start with a free offer, or you start with a lead magnet, and then you start with your free offer. And then you have your $7 and then you have your, your ongoing accelerator, and then you have your one on one clients is that is kind of is that the is that the funnel is that the the sales ladder that you produce.

[443:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that does have a few nuances. Depending on a lot of our members, they don't follow exactly what like what I'm doing. As far as that goes, that's what I have for my business. Okay, like my mom, she has an ebook, and then a free webinar, and then she has her her $177 a month, but she's discounted it for six months to 600. So it's only basically 100 bucks a month, if you grab the six month deal, and then that recurs every six months, then she also has $2,000 a month that you can get 50% off for a total of $12,000. If you pay into payments, that's her VIP level, still a group coaching, and my mom doesn't have any one on one coaching. So it's like the offer. Really what it is, is because you said you went through some Russell Brunson and stuff, it's the value ladder, right what we're talking about. So we start with the value that's free to expose yourself to people to to demonstrate your value to make that connection. Really, it's just all about connections. I think this whole thing like we can take, it gets weird when we almost try to like, figure out how it all connects when really I try to think of it as just a vehicle to facilitate human connection. So that's my first stage is what I always look at the funnel as is just a vehicle of facilitating a connection with people. And that's like the first place that I look at it, then you look at after you do a free offer, there's really a decision that we want to make is you're going to got one of two options in every offer that you have. Are you going to sell them something that is free as the next step? Are you going to sell them something that is $250 as a course as the next step? Are you going to sell them something that might be $2,000 as the next step, or 8000 as the next step? And so a big part of that is testing what people respond to a And we found a very interesting offer set when we were working with Rick Pino. I love this example because this is exactly what what what you're talking about right here, we ran our offer and we sold people on a $1,000 course. And it was just a course, it did really well. But the results started to fizzle out. And we were making really good profit on it. As soon as that profit dipped down, Rick was like, okay, stop running the ads, I can't, I don't want anything less than this profit margin. And what he did was we threw in a middle offer. And so once we went, we had tested out and I think this was for like six months free offer. That went straight to $1,997. It was called Music launch master's program. Okay, the profit margins on this, I think they averaged around 6x, the ad spend that we spent the month of that dropped to 4x. So he's now making basically 20,000 less than he was used to on this. We when we added a mid tier offer that was 97 bucks. And so we started actually promoting this $97 offer to people, we started doing the free offer pushing them to the 97. And then when people were in the 97, we brought them to the 997. And those profit margins went up to 10x. So what it's looking at as it's looking at, what, how many touchpoints? How long do people have to spend with you to have enough trust to spend that much money with you, if people were the people were 30%, less likely after about six months to spend $1,000 on a free offer. So we added in the $97 offer. And that more than doubled the return that we were getting there and actually be our original number, because there was an additional layer of trust bill. So really, what we're looking at is how I do it based on hours spent with the person. So this $97 deal, it was a six week school. And we called the school, this was music launch masters, we called it the school of worship, song writing and publishing. And it was a six week school. Basically, it each week was just a one hour session. And then there was a one hour q&a. So it was almost the exact same as a five day intensive like this. But it took place over the course of six weeks, we sold this to people and then by the end of the six weeks on week four, he started telling everybody to jump into this 997 Right here. And they all started because they had already spent four or five weeks with him, they jumped into the next level right there. And then a lot of them went up to this $10,000 level that he had. He had later. So this is here's the mistake that you can make is trying to create all of this upfront, right? You want what I recommend is start with a free or low cost offer. Sounds like you got quite a bit of traction with your group and your radio show and stuff. So you may not even want to do a free offer. You may want to do something that's 27 bucks.

[534:50] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. I like your upsell. I like your link that I see that that was the one thing I got from Russell was that you use your $7 He doesn't first book, I sell a singles and ring that I got off of Alibaba. I can buy them for 69 cents, and I sell them to my group at $15. Cool. I can discount them for seven. Super cool. It is super cool. Yeah. So that's that's that piece and he said that money pays for your Facebook ads. And I thought that was my takeaway. It pays

[543:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: for part of it. Yeah. Yeah, that's where you gotta like, look at what are the margins? What's the accounting? How is this all all translating? Now there's a there's another piece to it. The percentage of people you can improve those ratios as you get better at selling. So like you might only sell 10 of these your first time out. As you get better like a year later, the same presentation might sell 30 And you 3x The return just by improving the presentation.

[555:23] Sue McGarvie: That's fair. Yeah, I'm selling 25 to 30 right now at 250 a month that's really good. I know so what I want to do is I think bent on this again this this this

[559:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this ladder optimize that for you. Yeah I want to prove that

[560:26] Sue McGarvie: how to do that. And then, you know, you said and get your mom's level where you can do that. I think that's really interesting.

[562:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think so a lot, probably a lot closer than that. I mean, I think you could easily what you're what you're selling for 250, we could probably sell for 500.

[564:39] Sue McGarvie: Okay. And then maybe, maybe there's a $97 offer. I like, I really liked that idea. I like a middle step where you go from free.

[567:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And that was something I had seen was the name. I, because I funnel hacked, Dean Grazi OC, and Tony Robbins. So they did a five day challenge.

[570:54] Sue McGarvie: I was on there. Yeah, they sold

[571:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: a $300.03 day event, right. And then at the event, they sold everybody on the $1,000. Deal, right? And then at the $1,000 deal, they're selling people on the private coaching and and they're, and they added another layer, they got their $50 month software that they're marketing to, right. So that's an even like, that's a game changer, right there is adding software to a lot of this.

[578:34] Sue McGarvie: I have software, it'll launch in January. Yeah, I have a new, very unique, new,

[579:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: they just updated. I've been looking on Twitter on chat JpT. They updated chat GBT, where you could basically show it pictures of the software you wanted to generate, and it'll actually write the whole layout code now. So like, the ability to play around with that. And that's gonna be another course that I want to show you all how to even create, like, a basic piece of software that you can put together, I want it to be simple enough that it's like you guys can do it yourself without having to be a guru.

[587:28] Sue McGarvie: And honestly, the two that I didn't sign up with Russell was, honestly, it was a little too whoo hoo. Little too, you know, we're, you know, little too much, a little too much religion a little too much of that. And the honestly, I couldn't do click funnels, I said, I need to understand in order to teach somebody else, what I want, I needed at least to get the basics. And they weren't teaching. They kept saying, you know, you'll get in. And what I liked about you're saying no, go to go to Squarespace. Here's the process of how you learn how I'm doing it on a Weber right now. I need to know how to do it. I know that enough about my business, if I don't do it, I can't explain it to somebody else.

[598:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100% agree with that. I think that's another I think that's another I mean, I can I can tell like you're you're you're a savvy business owner, you know, what you're talking about?

[601:34] Sue McGarvie: I've been doing for 25 years. So I like in terms of my space. And I you know, and as as a shrink, you know, I certainly know a lot about transference. And, you know, and certainly understanding that dynamic between coaches and clients and those boundaries. Because I've been doing that for so long, but it's under, I want to I just want to I've got it, I need to figure out how to leverage it, I think you've got that the best that I've seen in the marketplace to leverage. So you will see me as of Tuesday, I will be there. So thank you.

[611:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there's a statement that one of my favorite people that I do that I follow, because he I love Alex for Mozi stuff. And Alex Hermoza he says, one of the best ways to actually sell your stuff is to give away for free, what everybody else is charging big money for. So that's what that's what I do with this five day here is I'm really kind of giving away what a lot of people's paid courses are for free.

[619:04] Sue McGarvie: And it's simple. It's simple, right? It's it's it's you know, I'm Gen X continues to be simple

[620:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: in our program to

[621:04] Sue McGarvie: has to be simple that you have to be able to get it. So thank you. I will see you one day. I really, really appreciate your time. Jeremy,

[622:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you awesome. Yeah. All right, we have we have our our Monday call. If you want to jump on this Monday's call, and you sign up before Monday, you'll get the jump on that with the group as well. It's a q&a call this week. Um, the way that I the way that I do like the training, I think it's funny, I didn't even talk about that in the main session. Um, I'll do a training one week and then we'll take questions after and the training is like a group training that's separate from I'm creating the courses like I have the course on MailChimp I'm doing I'm doing that. But then we have a week of like, well do a training to the group. It's kind of like, like a group like where the group is at the state of the of our coaching group. What we got to do to keep moving the needle forward and then I take questions and then the week after that, it's all just questions. And so we alternate between that where I'm I'm providing a lot of new training. One thing I do tell people don't don't get overwhelmed by feeling like you got to go through all the Training. I'm joining us on the Jumpstart call, we'll help kind of direct you in the right direction on Wednesday, and then on the Monday calls, just kind of, you know, we'll have some people, they'll jump in the program, and then we don't see them for two, three months. And they're like, Alright, I'm back. I'm back at it. And I'm like, That's great treat today. Like, it's your like, you're starting again. It's like, day one. Let's take a look at what do we got to do in the next seven days? What do we got to do in the next 14 days? Yeah, that's always been my, my approach to that.

[648:00] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, I can, I can see, I'm like, I'm on a plane to the Caribbean on Wednesday morning. I have I have, like, I speak all over North America, like I'm busy, like, I'm booked, like, I really had to clear my schedule, my assistant is just pulling our hair out that I've spent this much time on these calls this week. But I'm committed to learning it. So then I can delegate it. I'm really interested in your list. And let's figure out but I will also if you've got a thing on Monday, I can do that. As I said Wednesday, I'm there for a couple of days, but I will be writing and getting ready because I want to launch I want it and said you can use me as the here's what I do. I'm starting, how fast can we accelerate for that's that's what,

[659:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what that's how I came up with the name the client growth accelerator, I want my clients to grow at an accelerated pace. That's literally how I came up with the name of the program. And then your client base to grow at an accelerated pace. So awesome. Let's see. Anybody else have any other any other questions here for today? I mean, this is I love talking about all this and just great. Yeah, great energy, everything. But yeah, we still got like 15 more minutes here. So

[668:59] Sue McGarvie: more, I don't want to go in if they if nobody else is going to do that. I literally I

[670:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: tell I tell I tell our group be greedy with my time. One of the one of the one of the habits that I noticed that some people is they like they don't want to bother me or they don't want to bug me by asking too much.

[673:51] Sue McGarvie: Please don't have an opportunity. If you're you know, if you're looking for questions, because I have a list. But the I that you know, as I said I was on chat GPT today, and it is you know, it's great and your prompts actually helped it pulled in your pull down your prompts and use your prompts. And then put in my bio and said I need it to do this. And it took me a good two hours to get a start of a framework for a sales copy. Because as you point out, your first thing is, you know, I know my niche, the next step is sales copy. So that is going to be the next you know, week of my life is writing, you know, exceptional sales copy. I've just finished the the Dan Kennedy book you recommended I read it, you know, ages ago and it's dated Holy smokes. You know, it's about how to open mail. But

[686:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but it applies to the internet really well, the same process works.

[687:46] Sue McGarvie: So yeah, it's so using some of those headlines and and using that idea about headlines is there. Beyond that, because it can be frustrating. You said you still spend 80% of your time doing that. Is that fair?

[691:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I still will. So that's I'm spending 80% of my time optimizing the messaging, optimizing the words that I use on the landing page to reach new people. And so like, because I'll look at that's why the six steps Step six, is analyzing the results. And so I will compare like I ran, I ran a campaign. In April, it was the worst performing campaign I've ever ran. The headline was grow your group mentorship business with live zoom events. And I literally broke down the whole process of delivering, like, all that, and it just, it wasn't quite resonating, like attracting people at the right stage of their journey. So like that told me, okay, that's an important part of the process. We teach it in the mentorship program. It's not necessarily the best hook to use for marketing. And so I'm always trying to, I guess you could say like beat my best score when it comes to my profit margin. So I'm always trying to improve my profit margins in ways beyond just cutting expenses. I think cutting expenses is one way that we can improve profit, but adding more sales is what I'm looking at how do I get more sales for if I pour the same amount in of effort, energy, and I can increase the amount of sales that come out the back end? That's called an optimized campaign. And I I feel like just probably my personality, is why like, I don't never get bored in this business, because I can look at and part of my thing is okay, how can I get more done working less. So like I have I have this, like, I see it as like an energy tank of how many hours I have in the week, if I can get more done more profit, and less of those hours of my time are spent, that's a net win a net positive overall. Um, and then, with our inputs, getting more outputs overall. So just optimizing all of that, we were just I just have an account, an accountant conversation with our accounting about wanting to leverage our Facebook ad spend up about three acts. So that, you know, we got 20 people here on the VIP here today. My goal is I want to have like 60 to 100 that are in the VIP per free event that I do. Right? And so like that's leveraging that the spending three to five times more on on ads per event, and doing so in a way that is that is profitable. That's a little bit of a new of a nuanced balance, because the ads manager can be finicky. Were spending three to four times as much doesn't always yield three to four times the result. Yeah, that's

[741:05] Sue McGarvie: That's it. That's a really, that's a real skill that Facebook is, you know, I think the whole process in itself, which is what I would say, if you asked me what is the bit you know, it's certainly the number two reason I'm gonna sign up with you, is teach me that, because I want to stab a plastic fork in my eye. Every time I'm on Facebook, trying to figure that out.

[746:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: It all goes. But weirdly enough, though, the results you get from the Facebook ads campaign, the basics of setting up the ads campaign are the same. I'm doing the same thing I was a year ago with like setting up the campaigns. I haven't changed really how we run Facebook ads in like three years, and it still works. What I change is the sale, that is the copy the words that are in the ad, the words that are on the landing page, and that literally determines like how much profit is made. Like massively, like even just one word can can affect a campaign being to x or losing

[758:38] Sue McGarvie: money. Well, and you said you were spending up to $8,000 on Facebook ads. So when you trying to leverage that and go up an order of magnitude, right, of doing that you have to you have to have a return on investment. Otherwise, it

[762:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't look totally 100% upset.

[763:14] Sue McGarvie: Well, thank you so much that I'll give that again.

[764:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Awesome. All right. I saw somebody else had their hand raised earlier. Nancy, yes, it's up dancing.

[766:33] Nancy Hamilton: Yeah, that was me. I'm that person who's just starting out. So I just wanted to ask you, what is the what is maybe a core element or a main habit or skill that I can have? That will help me get into it? Well, and get results, like faster, get up and going faster? Well, it's, it's it's

[772:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: putting together that sales copy and putting an offer together. And then like learning to launch that offer. And one of the core elements is again, it's so like, it's not sexy, it doesn't sell courses. Like if I created a, a webinar, that actually like, was all about the core elements of being successful, nobody would sign up. The core elements is like learning to handle. Our fear of loss is a big one. Like that's it, that's almost one of the biggest ones I think is being able to handle like, how do you respond if a campaign doesn't perform how you want it to? And one of the mistakes I see people make is they go into this like, well, now I'm gonna learn everything first. And that's a that's a mistake. Instead, it's like learn, but keep implementing keep testing, keep experimenting. Because anytime that we're not experimenting to see how the Marketplace is responding, we're losing time and traction. And because of what's going on with AI, I think there's another like, factor that's at play behind the scenes is that I see a lot of I know, certain mentors and coaches, they haven't innovated their idea in like, three, four years. Because they ran a campaign three years ago, it didn't perform and so now they're waiting until they feel the courage to put it out there again, when they could have optimized it following how we teach it and they would have already been successful by them in the same amount of time. And so that's one of the things that I noticed especially like with with begin Is this sort of there's, there's one side of like, as a beginner, you you're not, you might not be as jaded. At the other side is like, oh my goodness, like, some of what it takes to be successful is gonna make, it's gonna challenge you, it's gonna feel like, okay, I touched a hot stove. And now I gotta go back out there and navigate a, like, a pool of snakes. And it triggers our fears internally like, it triggers a lot of that. And so that's why I think there's a course that's in the members area called wealth mindset, coaching, where I really break down a lot of those mindset elements that I see that hold people back, I put that together about two months ago. And a lot of our members found value in it, because it was the exact areas where they were kind of holding themselves back. Once you get into the nitty gritty of it, like right now we can say, I'm not going to do that, or that's not my behavior or things like that. It really it'll challenge the truth that we believe inside of us when we start building a business like this. And the great part is we either got a choice, do I stay the same as I am now or do I choose to grow, so that I can open up the opportunity to step into a new version of myself that creates more finances, that makes more money that operates as a leader versus just a follower. And so those are just, those are different aspects that I that I would say, one of the things that you would benefit from too in the program, as we have, again, the Jumpstart training on Wednesday, but just just watch the last like month of recordings from the Monday calls that we've done, if you watch the recordings from those Monday calls, just what we've done this month, that's going to light you that's going to light you on fire in a huge, powerful, positive way. Again, you know, I've just I've seen it happen with weight with way too many people, I'll see people, they'll go out there, they succeed, they make six figures, 30 days out first time doing it, then I'll see people that are also a beginner they join and a year later, they still haven't launched an offer, they still haven't put something out there. So it's like, what's the difference between those two, they're getting the same information. Um, I might not necessarily have the answer to what's the difference between those two, other than it really depends on the person's risk tolerance is one of them. Often, it's tied to perfectionism, it can be tied to the need for things to be right. Could be how we judge others can be how we judge ourselves different things like that, many times, it's something going on behind the scenes that we need to look at. But that's where being in this environment, having this training is helpful. And being able to work on like what's going on that's gonna get that might keep us stuck. We all run up against it's the, the catch all word is resistance, we run up against resistance to our next level. You know, for me, my resistance to my next level, in the last nine months has been

[855:05] Speaker 1: really

[855:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: learning how to be a dad and learning how to be a husband to my wife and the new version of her. And I would say that that's probably the biggest resistance that's actually affected my business growth, overall, learning how to step into the next version of leading in my house with my wife, you know, her and I had, we had a two hour conversation yesterday was incredible. It was like, it was like a therapy session combined with like a come to Jesus session. And she was telling me she's like, you know, you, you, her biggest thing My wife tells me is like, I need to like stop asking for permission for everything, you know, in our house. And I'm like, Yeah, but I know that you have such a way that you want things done in our house. And she's like, I don't care anymore. Just do what you know to do. And I'm like, Yeah, but like that was not okay to do before. She's like, What is now you know, and so it's like, growing together, my wife and I learned to communicate better affects how I operate, even here in the marketplace. If her and I are having a conflict. I'm going to have to deal with that internally before I go out there and I serve my audience. Because otherwise Listen, the people who pay me and my accelerator they're not there to hear my woes, and what's going on and to realize that I have a bad day. We all have bad days but there also comes a time where we got to learn to compartmentalize it step up and lead as a powerful leader and so those are those are very nuanced asked. specks of that, again, don't take that to mean burnout, push yourself, kill yourself. I spent this morning I think I was like, when I went and swam in the swimming pool this morning, to get ready for today's session. It's like, you know, there's a lot of layers to this. It's not as like black and white, I think, to it. And that's why I love to sort of talk about that dichotomy of like, you know, there's always exceptions to every rule that's out there. I find being a bit of a rule breaker seems to benefit, the mentoring and coaching space, from a profitability standpoint, because a lot of the rules and best practices that coaches and mentors do, are, they're gonna keep you from making money in your business. A lot of them are. And so we talked about all of that in the program, too.

[897:38] Nancy Hamilton: All right. I think yesterday, you said Give yourself some grace. I think that's a wonderful thing to do. Thanks so much. Thank you.

[899:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Donna's iPhone. What's up, Donna? Hello.

[901:16] Speaker 5: So um, can you hear me okay? Yeah. So I have a question about? Well, basically, I wanted to touch on what you just said, Now, if you want to have a baby or start a business, those are the ways to level yourself up to stepping in that next level of yourself, because that's what I've been going through. Seven months ago, I thought I was going to launch my first offer. But I had a hard time niching myself down because I'm a healer and I have so many aspects to me that, yeah, well, when I heard you talk about you can kind of like teach on things. I was thinking maybe like, I can take some of my abilities. Like I do bodywork, nutrition, metaphysical, so much healing, I healed my own cancer, like a bunch of different things. So I'm like, really not nice, double down double, I want to call it. And I think that's a good thing for certain people. But um, that's not making me money right now. So I want to focus on something where I can actually help people, more people and make money. So I think like how you say, you can make free offers of certain things, or teach on a free topic where I feel like I can give a lot of value away. But not sound too. It was always like not trying to come out to woo, I want to be a little bit more dream and not come off to spiritual. If that makes sense. I don't know if you've ever dealt like that.

[924:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, in fact, I've worked with a lot of spiritual coaches. And this is what all of them say, is I can't niche down. Okay, good. That's good. So what I look at is this is listen, I get it, you don't want to, it's more you don't want to niche down. Because it means that you're gonna focus on one segment of people and neglect a whole other segment of people. In your marketing, though, we got to focus on a specific type of person or problem and sort of package it in a way that's most profitable. So even if you're not really necessarily niching, down, you're coaching itself, or how you coach. You know, a lot of people told me like, I should niche down to a specific niche of coaches, I've had people tell me, I should only work with Christian coaches, for example. And I'm like, I like that's nauseating to me to only work with Christian coaches, people who feel called to do that, you know, so like, I got people that I have a wide range of spirituality that's in our program that whether they you know, are spiritual or not, that's not a niching down factor for us. We got a wide rate, we got health coaches, business coaches, we got a life coaches, therapists in our programs, I'm not even niching down into the type of mentor that people are. So I get that I haven't niched down from that. But I focus on what are the specific problems that I can solve. So for me, the common problem that everybody that I work with has they need to grow their email list, they need to bake presentations to get more paid clients. So that is actually a specific area that everybody keeps coming to me for in that in that area. Now, there are coaches and mentors that need other stuff that I don't serve with because it's less profitable for me with my marketing and advertising. So it's finding the right messaging with your sales copy that's going to get because when we run ads, I think maybe this is part of it. I might need to explain a little bit better when you run an ad on Facebook. You're gonna see okay, this cost As $5 per email address, okay, this campaign cost us $20 per email address. If I'm not getting four times as many paid clients from this one, then this one, I'm losing money right here. Okay? So we got to figure out what gives us the $5 email addresses with the advertising again, in your actual coaching itself, keep doing what you're doing, I mean, in how we advertise it to actually bring people in or market it, we want to figure out maybe one or two segments of those people that are most likely to go to the finish line with us. Otherwise, we're just going to keep spinning our wheels. And and, and not making the kind of money that we can potentially make, and ultimately not impacting as many people as we can impact. Does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah. I think that I think that I meet so many mentors and coaches that say, I can't niche down because I help a wide range of people. So I got, again, I get that 100%. When it comes to what you're actually advertising out there, though, we want to get more specific in our ad campaign, you might help all these wide ranges of people, but we're going to advertise this week for just this type of person. Okay. And that's more effective, if that makes sense. And then finding what that is. And then you end up kind of comparing, what I like to do is, especially if you help a smorgasbord of people, try out four or five different topics, see which one works best. Which is exactly what I've done. I've tried to like getting more, more people to your webinar, I've tried getting more people with your Facebook ads, all of that, I find that certain topics seem to do better for me than others, even though they're all would be relevant to the people that I work with. Thank you. Yeah, definitely. All right. And here's the cool thing. When you niche down your offer, I think there's another part I haven't talked about. I love how you asked your question, Donna, I really appreciate it. Because it inspired me to be able to answer it, I think and probably the best way I've answered it. eBay has probably heard me answer that question. 100 times and I think I probably did it the best here just now. The other flip side of it is, is this is even if you niche down in your offer that you're advertising, you're still going to pull in people that are outside of that specific niche, because they're going to see you and they're going to resonate. I mean, really, they're gonna resonate with your energy more than anything else. Overall, so. All right. Awesome. Hey, thanks, everybody. This has been a great time. We've spent a great week together. We got it. We got another q&a tomorrow. We're gonna be doing that at 1pm for the q&a. 1pm Central 2pm Eastern, we got next Tuesday. And then that's when the enrollment to the accelerator closes. So all right. Have a good one. Have a great, great Friday. And we'll talk soon see you

