Day 1 - Build & Launch Your Profitable Group Mentorship
Date: 2023-09-25T03:40:59.000Z
Duration: 74 min
Otter ID: ri05igAeAXwqajoFyqu16UzlvMo
---

[153:22] Speaker 0: Hello, hello welcome everybody today, today number one of our five day intensive man, I am excited. I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that we get to spend this time here together. We turn the music down here just a little bit. Thanks for being here, everybody. You know, for many of you, I've already met you, either through one of our live events that we've been hosting over the last couple of weeks, maybe when we met a couple of months ago, you met me through my content or a referral from somebody, that's, you know, that's usually the different ways that we find people. But either way, I just want to express my gratitude to you for being here, for committing to this five days, for spending this time right now. And this is what we're going to be going over, I'm not going to waste your time, we're going to make this all about implementation, all about actionable strategies that you can apply to get results in your business, if you are a coach, mentor, trainer, you want to build a personal brand, but you also want to make and I think the income goal is important 10 to 30, and even $40,000 per month in income for yourself, you know, my, my wife and I, we've been blessed to make far beyond that in the mentorship and coaching industry. But we have a number of our clients that have made between 10 and $40,000 per month, by applying exactly what you're going to be learning during these five days. And so I think that that's really exciting. Most mentors that are out there not to knock them, I think that is an I like to be a voice of positivity, where everybody's kind of negative. That's, I think that's, that's me a part, I use a lot of great mentors and stuff out there. But I don't think that they're gonna be giving you as much that you can apply, that's gonna work for you during their free content, I think that's what sets us apart. And that's what I want to invite you to do is to check us out to apply what we teach, and to start to get results in your business. You know, I've been in the mentorship, coaching space for two decades. And I think that it changes people's lives. And I truly believe that not only will it change your life, as a mentor financially, being able to make 40 to $50,000 a month is incredible. You know, especially in this economy, let's be real here. The dollar, even if you don't live in United States, money isn't as effective as it used to be, you know, a $200,000, house cost four to $600,000. Today, something that you could have bought four years ago for 200,000, that's two and three times the cost for the same money. And so I want you to think about this, increasing your income is something that's going to set your family up for success, that's going to make sure that you are able to get ahead instead of behind and keep struggling. And I find that, you know, a lot of people are like, Well, I just want to make just enough to get by, I want to encourage you during these five days, I'm not going to say that you got to like, want to make millions, but I want to encourage you to think just a little bit bigger. When it comes to your financial goals. Here's why. Okay, here's, here's the reason why, let's say you just want to make just enough to get by five to $10,000 a month extra from a coaching business, having a vision and a goal, to go beyond that as what's gonna get you there faster. Does that make sense? You're gonna end up making what feels best to you. And this is something that a lot of human beings, people that we work with, in general, it's just the way that we're wired is that our income earning potential, we end up being our own self limiter on that. So however much you want to make is how much you you'll be able to, but I want you to have a vision for something bigger than that. And I find you know, a lot of people I did a post the other day I said, you know, $8,000 a month is starting to become really hard to live off of and some people were not happy even with the fact that I said that. They're like, well, you're wasting money, you need to stop blowing cash. That's and I'm like, oh my goodness, I think that we need to have a goal to increase our income, to step into abundance to realize that we're not lacking resources, and why. So that not only can we create the life that we want for our family, listen, there's no reason to feel guilty for wanting to make more money. We live in a culture today that tries to almost make you feel ashamed of wanting to have more money, wanting to make more money, like like you're taking away from the little guy if you make more money. And so I want to just challenge that and say, This is not an atmosphere where we're going to say, hey, let's just scrape by with pennies. Because I've gone on and I've been able to help create million dollar mentorship businesses with the exact strategies that I'm going to be teaching you here today. And so whether you want to make 5000 10,000 50,000 or even $100,000 a month with a business, coaching and mentoring, these strategies are going to apply for you. And so open up your mind. Let's just take the next five days and step into an atmosphere of abundance. Not scarcity, not where we feel like there's only enough to get by where we're struggling where we hope that people will buy into us, but rather expectation. And I find that expectation really changes things for people, when you can say that I expect great things to happen in my life. You have a Jeremiah isn't expectation, the mother of disappointment. Here's the thing, when you can expect greatness to happen in your life, but you have an open hand, and you don't sit there and say, I need to control the outcome, we allow blessings to come into our life. And this is something that I truly believe in is that when you can say, Hey, I am open to as much blessing that God wants to bring into my life, and allows things to flow for you beyond your wildest dreams. And so that's what you're stepping into here during these five days is in abundance atmosphere, just just just laying the foundation for you. So you know that, okay? And why is that because for us to be able to have the impact that we want to have with a coaching business, for us to be able to help people, for us to be able to reach new clients, for us to be able to create a group mentorship offer, for us to be able to create an offer that actually connects with people, you have to have an abundance mindset. And you have to be able to see the possibilities for yourself, of what is possible, believing that being able to make 1020 $30,000 per month is possible for you. You know, I meet a lot of people, and sometimes they tell me, Jeremiah, I don't think I can make $1,000 a month. And I truly believe that what we believe is possible is the limiter that we put on our life. So I'm not going to be talking any more about that. But I just want to tell you that what you believe that you can make in a coaching business. And listen, if you feel like hey, listen, I just want to make 5000. That's great. If you just want to make 1000. That's great. Thanks for being here. This is going to help you get to whatever goal you have, financially, in your mentorship or coaching business, I've helped people from every single range. But here's the thing I've helped a lot of people start from zero from ground zero. And we've helped people go from zero to making millions and everywhere in between in the coaching business model. Now one thing that I just want to mention before we do move forward here is that we have a VIP upgrade for these five days. Okay, why would you want the VIP upgrade for those of you who haven't upgraded I know a lot of you who are watching right now you have upgraded here's the reason why

[283:13] Speaker 0: the recordings of these five days are going to be taken offline next Tuesday, October 3. So we're going to remove the recordings publicly for free, you get access for free until next Tuesday. And so if you don't plan on upgrading to the VIP, make sure to watch the content and especially do not miss days, four days five, we actually have some giveaways that we're going to be giving away to those of you that go through all five days with us, and I'm excited to share those with you. But you're gonna have to be there on day four, and day five to be able to get those with us. Okay. And what you're also going to get when you get the VIP upgrade is you're gonna get the recordings, access to the recordings for life, plus the bonus trainings that we put together, plus access to the backstage pass. And I think that that's where the real value is in this, we've discounted the VIP, the early bird price goes up tonight, at midnight, it's only 27 bucks, you can still upgrade to the VIP, you'll see the link above this poster, we'll put it in the comments here. And you'll be able to get access to after each session after each live session we're going live at 2pm Each day, immediately following each one hour session here in the Facebook group. We're gonna go into a private Zoom Room with just the VIPs to go deeper and it's almost like a separate, intensive. That's what it's kind of been in the past when we've done this is the main training is absolutely incredible. You're gonna get a lot of value out of it. But the VIP is not only is it q&a, it's training. It's a deep dive, it's answering your questions. It's working with you on the individual unique areas that you need help within your business. And even if it's just to get the recordings of the VIP sessions. I think it's a great deal. It's a great value for you. And so you have until midnight tonight to upgrade at that early bird price for that with us now, for some of those of you that have not heard my story before, maybe you're like Jeremiah, you know, why should I listen to you? Why should I trust you? I'm not gonna go like I'm not gonna take a lot of time talking about my story or me because I want I get to the actual implementation stuff that's going to produce results for you. But I've been in the mentorship industry, and what is the mentorship industry? So it's like, well, you have information. You have online classes. You have books, you're educating people, you're teaching people, you're guiding them. You're helping them grow. I've been in the industry for two decades. 20 years. I actually got my start in 2003 2003. Yeah. I was I was actually I was 15 years old. Then when I started, what were you doing in the industry, when you're 15 years old, I actually got connected with a company called destiny global.com. They were back in the day where they were called Danny johnson.com. And what they did was they helped people be able to make more money, increase their wealth in the personal development space, to be able to build a business online, they would coach people, they hosted these seminars called First Steps to Success. They have these CD and DVD products. In fact, this product right here I worked on, and I helped build that I can actually go to their website today. And I can look at products that are on CD and DVD that they're selling still, that I worked on instant customer. Instant customer Goldmine, I actually remember I actually came up with the name of this class right here on their site. I worked on this DVD product I worked on the we're on that product that they have here. And so this was a company Danny right here, the lady that you see right here, she was the main coach, the main trainer, and I worked with them to help develop and build these coaching and mentoring products. And this business made eight figures. It was an incredible experience for me to learn from the inside out of the industry 20 years ago, creating DVD and CD products. And then from there, I went on and I started working with my mom, some of y'all know my mom is over at a real change.com and a real change.com. Her and I we built this coaching people in their business, how to get clients how to build wealth for their family and how to change their future. And to this day, my mom mentors, people, specifically in the stock market, on how to trade stocks. She's she's really good at trading stocks. I actually join her and go through a lot of the trainings with her because I learned a whole lot about trading stocks from my mom, and she's incredible. She's been in business for over 29 years built 18 companies. And so listen, my mom is like incredible. Her and I we built a mentorship business to multiple eight figures over $20 million coaching and mentoring business owners on how to get more clients and their business. And then in 2018, I started this company, and this company that I have over at Jeremiah krakowski.com that you see right here, we work with specifically coaches, speakers, mentors, trainers, authors, to help them use direct response marketing, copywriting paid advertising and profitable offers to make a half a million plus per year in their business. And so if you're here right now, that's exactly what my promises here to you is to give you the strategies that are working right now that are working, that will work in your business to get results. Okay? And I believe that the mentorship industry is one of the best ways to increase your income to make money online more than anything else. There's a lot of different ways to make money online. You know, I talked about this in my in my podcast,

[380:11] Speaker 0: little plug here, if you haven't checked out my podcast, I actually have the Grow Your Life podcast, over 234 episodes of this podcast. It's incredible. You can go find it over on Apple Music, you can go find it over on Spotify and listen to it. I have over on my YouTube channel, close to 2000 videos, if you click over if you go over here to YouTube, I can look at right here 1.9 1.9 1000 videos on YouTube, specifically for coaches, trainers, consultants and mentors on how to increase their income to 10 to $50,000 per month and so that's kind of like my niche. That's what I help people with. And I can tell you there's like there's no question I haven't heard. There's no problem that I probably that I don't have a solution to in this industry and other industries. I don't have a lot of the answers but when it comes to this industry of mentorship programs, whether it be ebooks, whether it be a membership site, whether it be selling online courses, whether it be doing hosting live seminars, whether it be zoom seminars, whether be one on one coaching, group coaching. That's the specific industry that I can help you get results in. So that's just a little bit about me, my passion, why do I exist on the internet because I want to help 1000 People become millionaire coaches, I know that not everybody has a goal to be a millionaire, I don't, I don't, you don't need to, you don't need to, to get value from what we're teaching. But I know that some of you do. And some of you want to take your business to that seven figure level, you want to be able to change your family's future, you want to be able to buy a house, you know, in this economy, buying a house is a huge thing. My wife and I, we had the incredible opportunity to buy our own house. It's a beautiful house here in Austin, Texas, that has a pool in the backyard. It's an incredible house, an incredible deal. And we were able to buy it from the profits of our business, in the mentorship and coaching industry. And so well, you know, I have a, I have a nine month old son, I get to spend time with him and my wife during the day, I get to live a life that I think that just a couple of years ago, I only dreamed of I wished that I could have. You know, a couple of years ago, I was spending a lot of my time working with other mentors and coaches and running their Facebook ads, and creating all these different campaigns. But I found that I was I was spending a lot of time to make six figures. And by being able to transition into a full time coaching business. To this day, I only work 10 to 15 hours a week, we make seven figures in this business. And I absolutely love it. The clients that we work with are incredible. I'm so grateful for them. incredible people, world changers, history makers, and I believe that coaches and mentors changed the world, not only do they get to change their family's future, not only do they get to move into a different income bracket, as a coach and mentor, when you follow our training, I believe that you can literally move to a different income bracket, you're also going to be able to change and transform people's lives no matter what niche or industry that you're in, no matter what topic that you coach on. But one of the things that we have to address, especially when you're just starting out is the is the internal dialogue that we deal with the fear, the worry, the misconceptions, the the trying to make sure that everything is perfect. Before we launch it out there, you know, I find that a lot of beginner mentors and coaches. And for good reason. Listen, there's a lot of hucksters out there. There's a lot of scammers out there. There's a lot of people that do not deliver on their word, they don't deliver value, and they don't help people. And so I know that this comes from a good place, you don't want to disappoint people, you want to create a world class coaching business that impacts people, that's high quality that helps people listen, I'm all for that. I believe that my coaching program, the client growth accelerator that we have, my group coaching program is the best coaching program out there for mentors, trainers, and coaches who want to get more clients grow their email list, and develop offers that convert to sales so that they can make six figures. I believe that we have the best training and the best support of any coaching program that exists that does that. And I know that that's, that's a big claim. Hopefully, by the end of this, you're gonna be able to see just from what we go over during these five days, how that's true for you. But I want you to I want to address this. One of the number one things that I see that affects mentors and coaches is imposter syndrome, is not believing in themselves. And for you to be able to make the kind of money that you want to make in a coaching business. You have to believe in yourself the amount of money that you can make in a mentoring business is directly correlated to your level of self belief and self esteem. Because you're selling yourself to people, okay? And listen, as coaches and mentors. Sometimes we see the word sales or selling and it gives us this kind of, I feel a little bit icky about it. Some of y'all don't think that way, but I know some people do. And I want to shift your perspective when it comes to sales. Sales, when done right. Is not manipulative. It's not slimy. It's not sleazy, and actually feels really good. It actually feels very fulfilling. You know, when I get a new client and I see them produce sick and multiple six figure results like my client, Judy made over $37,000 a month in her coaching business in one month after joining us, like, oh my gosh, it's incredible what my client do $25,000 In one month in his coaching business, or Dr. Shawn deep, he made a six figure income, just by applying one test idea, from this five day intensive, made six figures for himself. When I see that happen for people, it's super fulfilling for me. I'm not doing my job, if you're not making money, that's, that's really my motto when it comes to working with people. If you're not actively getting results from working with me, I need to fix that. And I'm constantly working on improving and finding ways to to help our clients get more results and increase their income. If by the end of this five days, you don't have a blueprint of exactly what it takes for you to make six and seven figures in your mentorship business. I failed. And so that's what my promise to you is, is that I'm going to give my very best. I'm going to deliver the very best content to you during these five days of what it's going to take for you to be able to be successful in a mentorship business. But here's what I got to ask if you meet me halfway. This is an interactive experience. I need you to be commenting in the chat. Underneath the underneath the video. I need you to be asking questions. In the VIP, I want you leaning in and engaging and getting your questions answered. And really digging deep and really asking the tough questions. And I want to challenge you to things don't be embarrassed. And don't feel like a burden. Those are two things. Don't feel like your question is too big or too silly or too small to ask. Or that it's inappropriate to ask whatever that is, I want this to be a safe space isn't necessarily the word. Trust me, this is a altra safe space. But this is a space where asking questions is the most right thing that you can do. And it's the best way that I can serve you at the highest level is by you asking questions, anything that comes up anything that you're dealing with anything that you're wondering about what it's going to take to be successful. One thing that I tell people, if you're in my space, if you're connecting with me, subscribe to my YouTube channel, listening to my podcast, in my coaching group, there's no reason to be stuck, there's no reason to stay where you're at right now because you can get your questions answered. And I'm excited to help guide and direct you to what it's going to take to be successful.

[527:54] Speaker 0: But one of the biggest things that I notice that people have is they're they're not quite sure if they're good enough, or if they have a good enough idea or topic for people to buy from them in their offer. And so they're hesitant, they hesitate to launch an offer that's out there that solves a problem for people because they're not quite sure if it's going to work or produce results. And so this is one of the first things that we have to address when it comes to creating an irresistible offer. We have to work out what's between our two ears first. And I'm not going to take these five days to go over a whole bunch of mindset stuff with you. Because I think that honestly, there's a lot of gurus and mentors that do that. And then all they teach you is this stuff that fills you up with a bunch of feelings and ideas. But there's no strategy, but I'm going to tell you this, without the mindset piece, the strategy is fall flat. And I want to just share a little little testimony and a story to that from my own personal life. You know, for years, I was super skeptical of anything related to the mindset, anything related to thinking right. And I was all about give me the strategy, give me the strategy, give me the strategy. This is why I believe that I was able to build eight figure mentorship businesses. But I struggled with what was going on between my two years to believe in myself. And I can tell you that when I set out, you know, I had I had partnered with people to build eight figure mentorship businesses. When I set out to build my own mentorship business, I struggled the first couple of years. When I started in 2018 After I had stopped working with my mom. And we had worked with clients that we had helped make eight figures during that time. But my own business it was like this weird imposter syndrome thing that I was dealing with. Can I just like level with you here? I'm gonna remove the facade. I'm going to just shoot straight with you, I'm going to share with you some stories that might not make me sound or look the best. I'm gonna, I'm gonna like, I'm just going to lay all my cards out for you. And we're going to have an authentic conversation as if we're friends that have known each other forever, that we can share the good, bad and ugly of what's going on in our life. And I want to ask you to do the same. Be willing to share the good, bad and ugly listen. One of the things that I noticed a lot of mentors and coaches in the beginning, they're very concerned about their reputation, how they present themselves, you know, we're told you only got one chance at a first impression. You don't want to ruin it. I get that. But I can tell you this when it comes to the mentorship industry after being in it for two decades, authenticity, being willing to share our dirty laundry a little bit. Being willing to connect with people being willing being able to communicate. Sorry, just a sec, my computer said that it lost its power here. And I'm not really sure how or why that happened. There we go. Okay, perfect. Awesome. My computer like flashed and was like, it's about to shut down. We're about to shut down. That's freaky. That's how you know this is live right now. Okay, where was I? Listen, in the mentorship industry, in the mentorship space, if we're trying so hard to look and sound and appear perfect to everybody. It creates a disconnect, and it actually hurts us in the long run, I find that when we're so concerned with appearing professional, this is one of the number one things that actually stops mentors and coaches, from being successful in their business is appearing perfectly professional. This is one of the reasons why I have video games behind me in my office. That's why I wear my hat backwards, because I want to show you that I'm not trying to be somebody that I'm not, I'm just me and you're gonna get me authentically during this whole time. And so that's what I ask of you is that is that you'll be just as authentic during this time, sharing your questions, sharing what you're going through, and Billy being willing to maybe explore some of those areas that you might have struggled with in the past. And one of the number one things is that when we're so concerned with how we look to other people, when we're so concerned with being accepted by other people, getting people to buy into what it is that we're selling, we end up unintentionally repelling the right people. And this is what I believe is called operating out of a scarcity, mindset, mentors and coaches. If you've been trying to get clients in your business, you've been trying to get people to buy from you. You've been trying to get people to purchase from you. One of the biggest things that we have to let go of is the worry and fear that we're going to do something that's going to make people not like us, not trust us not agree with us not do what we want, and that we're going to lose people. Okay. I've been doing this long enough that I can tell you that that's the fastest way to actually make sure that nobody becomes a client of yours because what ends up happening is we're trying to seek validation from the people that we're working with. And then there's a flip side to it, we end up getting so caught up in the overthinking and perfectionism trap. Okay, so the overthinking and perfectionism trap is this. If I could just do everything perfect in my mentorship business. If I do all the right things, if I do all the right inputs, I'm gonna get the perfect output. And that couldn't be further from the truth. This is this is something that that I just I feel really passionate about, because it's the number one area that I noticed that stops most coaches and mentors from succeeding. I'll see people they'll say, Jeremiah, I'm excited to build my business. They'll go through a five day intensive like this. And then I'll ask them five months later, six months later, a year later, hey, how you doing? I'm still getting stuff ready. I'm still getting the foundation's ready, and I'll ask them what's going on? Well, I'm just not sure it's good enough yet to launch out there. I'm not sure if I have the right topic yet. I'm not sure if it's ready to put out there to attract the right clients. So what we have to do is we have to shift out of this mindset of control and out of trying to make sure that everything is perfect. In order to get people to succeed. Listen, I get it as As a mentor and coach, part of what makes us really good at what we do is our self critical nature and being able to point out what other people are doing wrong. Being able to see, okay, you're not doing this, right, you need to do this differently. And we're the harshest on ourselves. Okay. And so part of our superpower as mentors and coaches, is one of the number one detriments when it comes to actually getting clients. And I can say this firsthand from working with literally 1000s of mentors and coaches, this is one of the number one areas that stops people if you get nothing from this five day intensive. The reason why I start day one with this is because I believe that it's actually the most impactful to your results, is when you can address what's going on behind the scenes. When it comes to taking action, procrastination, we end up overthinking, over analyzing, getting stuck in analysis, paralysis, trying to make everything perfect, trying to look professional enough, trying to show up in a way that's going to get people to like us, and to trust us. And ultimately, we end up losing ourselves to try to become this thing that ultimately, in my experience doesn't really connect with people very well. And that's what I ended up seeing people do. They're like, Okay, I finally did it 12 months later, and it falls flat. And, and it bombs, and it produces no results. And you might be saying, oh my goodness, what the heck, they're gonna need to spend two years to get it ready. Maybe they need to spend three years to get it ready. No, no, that's the difference in what we teach. And what I want to encourage you in is what's called an experimentation mindset. So this is one of the number one strategies that I believe that that if you can get this is going to change your life, when it comes to your business, you may not initially see the results that you want, I'm just gonna level with you there. You may not see the finances that you're hoping to get. But when you can look at it not from I need this to work. And I need to make sure I get clients and we ended up having a grip so tightly on making sure that things work out and making sure that people become a client and making sure that people take action. And instead, we have more of a relaxed, playful approach. This is like this is literally an eight figure strategy right here that's going to change your life. And it's going to break you out of possibly why you've been stuck. When you can look at your business, which I get is a professional environment, where you're helping real people and involves money, you want to create an impact. You want people to respect you.

[685:58] Speaker 0: But having a playful outlook on the business building aspect to where you're willing to just just see what happens when it comes to marketing your business. When it comes to putting your business out there. And you might say, oh, Jeremiah, that's easy for you to say you're making seven figures, you have so much results. That's that's one of the things that people tell me is why they can't do it. And I can tell you this, I got there and the clients that I know that get to have the finances that they have. They started with an experimentation mindset starting with what they have, and instead of needing everything to be perfect, right away, right out the gate. They started with what they could do well, even if all of the pieces weren't perfectly put together to validate their idea to validate their mentorship to get some clients and to build the feedback loop. And this is one of the number one habits and activities that sets apart. coaches and mentors who continuously struggle, struggle, it's a it's a paradigm shift because it's like they struggle because of their desire for excellence. You know, I'm all for having a spirit of excellence. But I don't consider it necessarily to be excellence when it's overthinking. That's just cleverly disguised procrastination that leads to inaction. And for me, personally, my own testimony and story. I had to work on a very deep level of my own mental health. I had to heal some trauma. I had some serious trauma that I had to heal from being in this industry. Okay, to be able to put myself out there to be able to launch and to create the kind of business that we have today. You might not have that level to work through. But I believe that if you're not putting an offer out there publicly and selling to new clients, and getting new clients in your business every single month, we have to look at what is going on, that is stopping us from doing so. And really dive deep into what that piece is. That's preventing us from selling to and getting new clients every month in our business. Okay. And for most people, it's just I don't have all the pieces together yet. And so answer Okay, well, what pieces? Do we need to get together? answer why they're not put together. And oftentimes, here's what, here's what I found, it usually has something to do with something else that's going on in their life outside of it, that's distracting, that's become more of a priority. And here's the crazy part about this business. It's gonna hold a mirror and a spotlight up to you to expose many of your internal fears, and doubts and misconceptions. And any, any beliefs that are limiting beliefs that are going to stop you, I believe that if you're if you're not getting new clients every month in your business, and by the way, I know people who they take this training from this five days, we're going to walk you through putting together your perfect offer to create an effective offer that's going to attract the right clients to you. We're about to talk about that here in just a second. When you do that, you can get 10 to 30 new clients a month on the low end. And as high as 300 to 500 new clients on the high end, in my experience, and with the clients that we work with, within 30 days, not six months, not a year from now, if you do the work now, if you don't do the work, Listen, I'm not I have no way of forcing you to do any of what we teach here during these five days. Just I'm not going to there's no way for me to do that. If you don't like do the work, it can take you five years to get clients. But we have to look at what is stopping us from selling to new clients, and closing sales to get new people to become coaching clients for us, and then work backwards from there and reverse engineer. What are the actions that we need to take? What are the things we need to learn? What are the questions we need to ask from a mentor by the way, that's the huge value of my group coaching program that I offer to people is it's a it's a it's an environment where you can ask any question anytime during the week, you get to work with me on your offers in our program, and I'm there and our community is there to help you so that you're never stuck. Okay. But we have to be willing to put stuff out there. We have to become okay with things not going our way. Listen, I know that doesn't sound sexy. That's not probably not what you wanted to hear on day one of Jeremiah is teaching me how to have things go against what I want, oh my goodness. But you have to learn to accept whatever happens when you have an experimentation mindset. That's what an experimentation mindset is, is we're willing to put ourselves out there just to see what kind of feedback we get back. And listen, sometimes the feedback we get back is not what we want. nobody shows up. Nobody buys from us. So now what that tells us is okay, we need to optimize our offer. We need to adjust our sales presentation, our sales pitch, our ability to close sales. These are all areas that you can get better at. And maybe you're watching this right now. You're like Jeremiah, I'm just starting out. I'm just trying to find my niche. Okay, great. There's some great things that you can do a chat GPT to find your niche and to figure out what are the BEST OFFERS and the best offer ideas that connect with people. But we have to be willing to actually put something out there. Okay. Now the next step is you have to be able to see the life that you want to create for yourself. This is the second thing you need to have a vision you need to have have a vision for where you're going. I find that a lot of people, they they set out to build a business, but they don't have a vision. And there's nothing that motivates them. And when you don't have something that you're working towards, oftentimes, we come up with reasons and excuses to play it safe, and to stay in our comfort zone. And so what I always look at is, I want to have a vision for where I'm going in the next six to 12 months. And I can tell you, every time that I've done that, the vision has come to pass. 12 months ago, my wife and I, we dreamed about buying the house that we have here today. Two years ago, we dreamed of paying off all of our debt. And to this day, we've done that, and we're dreaming for the future. Now, with our son, what do we want to do we want, we definitely want to go on some vacations this next year. This is why I've developed systems so that I don't have to work so many hours, I can work two hours a day in my business, and make millions of dollars. And that's the lifestyle that my wife and I have decided to have. And what you have to do is you have to visualize what is the life that you want to have not just the income goal, not just okay, I need to make $10,000 a month to be able to pay off all this debt. Rather, I want you to visualize yourself with all your debt paid off, sitting in your kitchen, or your living room or on your couch, the piece that you feel, I want you to visualize closing on that house that you want. Maybe buying that dream car or, or being able to give to your favorite charity, above and beyond what you ever could have imagined. I want you to see yourself actually doing that thing. When you have a vision for something. And listen, your vision can be totally different from somebody else's, I think sometimes we can get caught up in comparison, comparing our vision to somebody else's feeling like ours isn't good enough. Your vision needs to be unique to you, not somebody else's. And that's what's going to drive and motivate you the best to be able to create the life that you want. What we're doing here is we are creating our best future life, and our business becomes the financial vehicle to get there. So that's the shift that will shift us out of scarcity mindset, maybe maybe you're still struggling with that maybe you're saying, Jeremiah, I don't have the time to build my business, I don't have the resources, I don't have the finances, I don't have the connections, I don't have the knowledge, the knowledge, I don't have the know how I don't have the technical skill.

[846:21] Speaker 0: I want you to I want you to put that aside for a little bit in a box, set it aside what you don't have for a little bit. And I want you to just imagine what you do have in fact, I want you to take it a step further. There's a declaration that I like to make. And this This changed my life when I started saying this. I started saying this a year ago. And it absolutely transformed my life. Right now today, I have all of the resources that I need to accomplish everything that God has called and made me for. And I believe in God. And I believe that God created me for a purpose. And I believe that a big part of that purpose is to help you become extremely wealthy in a mentorship business. Like, that's why I do what I do. Because I know that coaches impact people's lives. And I know that your life can be financially changed and transformed with a mentorship and coaching business. And so for me, I visualize having 1000 coaches that we've helped to become millionaires. And I think about what's it going to take for that to happen? What's it going to take for me to help 1000 People become multimillionaires. And that's what wakes me up in the morning. Not just the money that we're going to make but the kind of impact that we're going to have. And here's what I found is that when you have a vision for impact, and you have a vision for the life that you want to create, the finances start to follow when here's the key. You combine belief that it's possible for that vision to happen. If there's any doubt you need to address the doubt you absolutely do. I found that doubt becomes like a mind cancer, that's going to end up talking you out of doing the things that are going to create the life that you want. Okay. Address the doubt. Well, I'm just being realistic Jeremiah, I hear people saying that I used to be that way. I used to claim to be the ultimate realist in all situations. shins are, you might say, Jeremiah, I'm just I'm just trying to be strategic. You know, I want to measure twice, cut once, I don't want to have to go back and do things multiple times, listen, I get it. Well, we're going to be giving you here during these five days is the most effective strategy to get clients in your business. And it starts with having an irresistible offer that connects with people, as mentors and coaches the way that we actually get the right clients to us. It's changed over the years, you know, 510 years ago, we used to have a great coaching program, say, hey, it's going to produce this result. And we would get 1000s of sales, and make millions of dollars from just offering an incredible coaching training, then something happened COVID-19 COVID-19 flipped the entire world upside down. And whether you agree with it or not, whether you think it's a conspiracy theory, whatever. That's not the conversation we're going to be having here today. But what we are, what we are going to talk about is it did change the world. It changed our economy. It changed how people interact with other people, it changed how I mean, you can't deny that it changed our planet, If COVID hadn't happened. I do not believe that, that I believe that the world we have today would be different from the world that we had, then even the people who passed away. But again, not going to debate the virus. What I'm talking about is this is in the coaching industry. A lot of people learned about zoom meetings, and a lot of people learned about video and social media. And a lot of people realize that they could build a business online. And that brought a whole flood of coaches and mentors and trainers online during COVID. You might have been one of those. But then a lot of people realize because of that competition, it's become harder to actually get clients. I'm gonna tell you that today. It's harder than it was five years ago to get clients in a mentorship business. Absolutely. If you don't know how to do it the right way. It's actually easier to get clients when you follow the process that we're going to be teaching you. You know, five years ago, we did not have tools like chat GBT open AI, the artificial intelligence engine that we that we've talked about in a lot of our trainings. And what we're going to be going through today is we're going to be teaching you how to use open AI to brainstorm your marketing, and to come up with a lot of the great ideas, the best ideas that are going to convert to sales. for you in your business, I believe that it's the most powerful tool that you can use as a mentor, and as a coach to get more clients. Now, here's what we don't use AI for. We don't use AI to create all of our coaching content. And then the AI we're just regurgitating what the AI says as a coach like that's, that's not necessarily the best path to take. There's a few niches you might be able to do that. But for most, probably not. What we're going to show you how to do is how to attract the right clients with the right marketing and sales campaigns. And this is where chat GPT really, really shines is its ability to create sales and marketing language that is effective without you having to be a sales and marketing expert. And so that's what I recommend people use chat GBT for is to brainstorm the ideas for their offers that are irresistible with people. Now, I keep talking about a scarcity mindset versus an abundance mindset. You have to get this. A lot of mentors and coaches say, You know what, like, I can barely get enough clients. I want to get more clients, I'm afraid that I'm not gonna be able to find enough clients. There's not enough people out there that are resonating with my content. I'm not getting enough engagement on social media, all of that, I get it, I understand it. We have to shift into an abundance mindset that there are more than enough clients for you to build a successful mentorship business when you do things the right way. And what determines that. Here's, here's the difference maker of what we're going to be showing you during these five days. This could be the pool of all the people that are out there. That could be a potential client of yours, okay. Like of course, like they like like, and that's a lot of people okay. However, like these are all the people that you could help with with your mentor, let's just let's just say like this, this is, if you do fitness coaching, I mean, that's like hundreds of millions of people right there, okay? However, this little tiny speck right here

[966:28] Speaker 0: is the best group for you to focus on. And by focusing on this little tiny speck, what I want you to do with your marketing is to completely ignore all of these other people that you could help that are out there and focus all your energy on this tiny speck of people right here, what sets apart this speck of people? Three things. Desire. This is the first one that's so important. Because just because you could help somebody doesn't mean that they desire to be helped. Okay, so if you eliminate all the people who have a desire to be helped, and to solve a problem, you're basically going to eliminate like 80% of everybody who has a problem that you could solve. As a mentor, as a trainer, as a coach, you solve problems. And people pay you to help guide them to that solution, that they have to improve their life to be able to get an end result if you're coaching people on their fitness. You know, I got a friend, he coaches Major League Baseball players on pitching and batting. And so their goal is to win a Golden Glove Award. He actually has Golden Glove award winning people that he's coached that he does online coaching with, he charges $25,000 starting for a basic package. These guys are making millions. He's coaching them at 25k, which is like pennies for clients a year, part time, and he'll make that off of that, coaching them on how to do better at baseball, okay? Just because you could help a certain group of people, just because he could help every child athlete, were a Little Leaguer, college athlete. Not all of them have the desire to actually have somebody help them. And to go to that level. And those who do are the elite level people. That's why he actually works with the highest level players. He's he has a testimony on our site, his name's Joshua Giles, I actually helped coach him on how to scale his business over $150,000 per month, in a completely different niche than the baseball coaching that he does. I helped him in a in a spirituality, mentorship niche, make over $150,000 a month. And to this day, I think he's he's crushing it at coaching. But here's what I say. This is all the people that he could help with his coaching. But the people who have a desire fit into here, and now that's bigger than this little tiny dot right here. The other step is that they have to be somebody that you can get results for. Okay, so what that does is that shrinks this in half. Not everybody who has a desire to change is going to get a result. Not everybody who buys a gym membership is going to have a six pack. In fact, it's probably smaller than that it's probably this big. Because they're just not going to do the work. They might have a desire for a result. And this is something that you got to get when it comes to marketing in your business. Okay. Not everybody is going to do the work, even if you provide them with the best system, the best training, how do I know? Because I provide people with the best system and the best training and yet I still see people not doing the work. And it makes me sad, and I know how much they they could succeed. But what I want to focus on is this, who are the people that are most likely to get results? And then who are the people that are most likely to invest financially into solving this desire and getting results. So when these three things align right here, they have a desire to solve their problem. You can get them results. And they have money to invest in the solving that that creates this tiny dot right here and so we'll do is we actually have a methodology that I'm gonna be teaching you during these five days to figure out the difference between those that are outside of the dot, and those that are in the dot, and how to identify how to speak the language of them to attract the most qualified prospects. And so what that means is the most effective offer is also simultaneously going to repel people that are not the best fit for you, Mike, my client who coaches major league players $25,000 a month to work with him. You know, not every parent of a legal Little Leaguer has that budget because he has a goal and a vision to help his clients win massive awards. You know, he's connected with a guy named some of the names of people that he's connected with and worked with. I mean, a lot, you know, let's just put this way he's, he's had meetings with Tom Brady's people. A lot of people know Tom Brady is, yeah. And so like, he's gone to the top level, as far as that goes. And his offer is crafted just for those people that want that. And so what you want to look at is whatever your your topic is that you mentor on, that you coach on, that you teach on, you want to figure out of the people who could benefit from that topic. Which of them have a desire? And you also want to identify the differences of those who don't have a desire to to change the differences of those who are not likely to get the best results from you? What do I mean by this people who are not likely to get the best results from you? Well, there's a there's a, when you start working with people, you're gonna start to identify patterns of people, I can literally look at somebody's business and see, are they going to succeed? Or are they not going to succeed? Because I've been doing it for so long. And I can look at what are the levers that they need to pull and change. And if they're not willing to do that, the chances of them succeeding are so low unless they make some solid changes to what their business model is. And this is what I love doing with our coaches in my group mentorship program and the client growth accelerator. This is what I hope to do. For those that are in our VIP, we're about to go into our VIP right now. Take some questions from some of you. This is just day one. Right now we're just getting started on this. One, what I want to do is I want to take those of you that are in the VIP, I want to take your questions and dive deeper into specifically the area of your business. That's going to take you from where you're at right now, to be able to create that 1020 $30,000 month income in your coaching business. And so when you can start to get really clear on what are the desires of people that are most likely to get the best result with you. Because just because they want the result doesn't mean they're gonna get it.

[1092:59] Speaker 0: And those who want the results, and they're going to do the work that are also willing to make an investment, what separates those that do not have these qualities from those that do. And so then what you do is in your offer, and this is this is literally what we're gonna be going over tomorrow. In your offer, we're able to use chat GPT to help us put this together. And if you don't have my chat GBT prompt document as well, you can go grab that for free from my from my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Free chat GPT prompt download. This has all the prompts that we use, I'd highly recommend you go grab it has all the best prompts. The first line just to give you a preview of tomorrow, this first line all on sales copy. This is what actually helps us identify who those people are. This one right here the outcome and results generator helps us strategically dive deeper into and what it does is it creates sort of this fictional narrative version of what the dreams of the prospect are, that you're working with. When you can sell the dream do people have what they have of what they want to do, whether they want to reach a certain goal at their job, whether they're whether they want to get more clients, whether they want to have a specific type of body or or whether they just want to feel happier about their life have a better relationship. Hello, however you extrapolate that dream out and then describe it. Chat GPT can help us dial in. Exactly how to communicate That, to the people that fit into these three steps, they have the desire, they're most likely to get results. And they're most likely to invest with you. And we're able to figure this out and figure out what separates them from those who are not going to. And so then what chat GBT helps us do is it helps I get really excited about this and I geek out about, it literally helps us craft the exact words that are going to attract the right clients to us. And repel the wrong ones from us, the people who are not going to become a client anyways, you don't really want to attract them, because in my experience, they're a waste of your time, you're not going to convince them to become a client, no matter how much you try. And so you're going to just do a lot better to attract people that are actually a good fit, and will want to invest with you and are excited to work with you. Like those of you that are here right now I know if you're watching this right now, those of you who upgraded to the VIP, you're excited to go through these five days together. And so that translates directly to figuring out who is the best fit for your offer. And then we want to craft the language of the messaging called the sales copy of the offer in a strategic way that's going to attract the right people to us. Why is this so important? Because this is the difference maker between you losing money and actually making money in your coaching or mentorship business. This is the difference maker between all your efforts being a waste of time, and actually producing the results that you want. And this is the number one area that I work with people on that's the difference maker between them struggling month after month after month, or seeing results within 30 days. Okay, so that's what we're going to be going over tomorrow is how to actually put all of that together. How do you actually communicate that offer? What are the words that you do? How do you structure it? How do you create something that resonates with the right people. And there's a really cool strategy that we use to actually get the exact words that people themselves say, and you create your offer and use their exact words in the offer itself. So what it does is it triggers what's called mirror neurons. In our brains, people have what's called mirror neurons, when we read something or see a video, and it resonates with our own thinking, it fires a different part of our brain. That increases the level that we trust people. When it comes to sales in your mentorship business. Building trust is the currency that you're wanting to do. So So your goal is you want to build trust with the right people who fit into this right here. And so the words that you actually put on the page, the words that are in your ad, are what actually are the initial touch point that then triggers that thought in them? Oh, wow. I think I can trust this. Because, again, people are really skeptical. There's a lot of coaches and mentors out there. When you can cut through the noise and quickly build trust with people and not waste their time. That will let you attract the right clients to you much faster and a commercial sales. So again, that's what we're gonna be going over tomorrow. And even on day two, and Day Three is a huge part of that, that we're going to be going over so but I do need to hop on over to our VIP here. For those y'all that are in the VIP that have been patient with us. I went a little bit over today. Thanks for being here. I'm excited. I cannot wait to see you tomorrow. Jump on over to the VIP with us. Let's go get your questions answered. Let's dive deeper into today's topic. Let's work through some of this. Let's wrestle with some of these concepts that we've talked about. And I cannot wait to get you results in your business and see you become a profitable mentor coach. I'll see you tomorrow. We'll talk soon

