VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-08-18T21:09:44.000Z
Duration: 71 min
Otter ID: E1Z3abvdQUS-Wyw-Vj4IWVEjU8A
---

[0:45] Speaker 0: Here we go all right. alive in the Facebook

[8:57] Speaker 0: all righty Hello, hello. Hello, welcome.

[10:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome into the VIP day five. Welcome, welcome. And I am excited. I'm excited for those that have already jumped in the program with us. I'm excited for tomorrow, we got those bonus q&a sessions. So we got tomorrow at 2pm. We're going to be doing a q&a. And then on Tuesday, we're going to be doing another one. We got you here right now with me. And so let's work on your business. Let's work on getting you some results. And let's work on moving the needle forward for you. You know, one of the one of the biggest things that it makes me sad, but I have no control over it. But it happens is is that you know, people will go through a training like this, and they'll they'll do nothing with it. Or they'll they'll tell me, here's the here's usually what I hear. I'm setting up the foundation's to get ready to do the things that you told me how to do Jeremiah. The problem with that is is that person usually says that for the next two to three to five years of their life. And I know that that might sound super judgmental to say, if I didn't actually have like a subset of literally hundreds of people that I've ran into that have said that. And so if that's what you're saying right now, I just kind of get the foundation's ready to get this going. I want to challenge you that that is actually an excuse that we need to question ourselves and say, what really is underneath the surface of that, and start to take action on the things that we need to do even if it's just one thing to take action on one thing to move forward. Because here's the thing, it doesn't take a lot of time or effort to get something going, I saw Stacey, she created her graphics, she posted it in the group. She's taken action. And so that's what I want to just encourage anybody who's here right now, this isn't meant to be like a kick in the teeth or be to be mean to anybody. But but I'm putting my coach hat on right now. And I'm telling you, you only get what you prioritize you only get what you actually take action on and just merely thinking about something. Planning it I get, maybe you're a planner, maybe you got to map it all out perfectly before you take action. I find that more often than not is just a disguised version of fear, worry and insecurity. And it's better to take an experimentation mindset at things to jump in to see what happens. And that's what produces results in this business. That's what produces results for people's mentorship businesses is not trying to make everything perfect, but actually iterating and seeing okay, what happens experimentation. That's what makes the kind of money that you want to make in this business. So I'm excited. Let's see, we got Marta. She's got her hand raised here. What's up, Marta? How are you?

[56:54] Speaker 2: I? You know, I think that's the basic question should be asked the before anyone make a decision because, you know, for last few days, just listening, and actually, it got me to the point of being overwhelmed because people having the websites, they'd speak in numbers and stuff like this. And I feel like a newbie, because the only thing I have on my on my like digital, it's my Facebook page, and Instagram and like maybe three or five videos on YouTube. And I wanted to ask you, I know that that's the good way to go and learn and create more content and all these things. What would you like, for me, the person who has no media, like no website and stuff like this? What would you recommend to start with to start going?

[72:02] Speaker 0: Well, websites,

[72:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the traditional sense are dead, they're a waste of time. So we don't recommend anybody really use them. We recommend that you create your landing page and offer that you put for people to sign up with you. People are not going to find you for your mentorship business by coming to your website and getting to know you and doing that. This isn't this isn't 2005 anymore. That's how that's how people used to do stuff in 2005 to get that stuff set up. will take you less than five to 10 minutes. And in the accelerator, that's why the funnel building Made Easy course specifically, is all about what to get set up to be able to launch to get something, something going. But you don't need to have like this elaborate website. In fact, I'd encourage you not to, I encourage everybody here to not invest a lot of time into perfecting a website, but actually get an offer up that connects with people to get them on your email list. And utilize sending people from your social media in your ads to growing on your email list. And that's the best, that's the best thing to do. Overall, you can you can create a simple homepage that connects people to different offers. Maybe you had an about page with a bio hacker chat GPT helps you type up a bio, create a couple of those pages, throw a photo up, again that using Squarespace that takes minutes to get done. And so that doesn't need to be a reason to stop us from moving forward. I find though, that it does. And here's the other thing that I would encourage you is is that anything that sort of comes up the overwhelm that you're like, Okay, I have to do all these things before I get started. We want to challenge what those are. Because really, those are just, those are areas of procrastination in our life. You know, I had I had a situation I was procrastinating something for the last two weeks that was related to my accounting and taxes. And I did it this morning at 10 o'clock this morning. You don't know how long it took me 20 minutes. But I was procrastinating it for 20 for 14 days. Because it was unclear. Like it wasn't fun for me to lay all this stuff out. I literally had all the data compiled, I just had to arrange it. Part of it was I kind of just feel stupid. When it comes to accounting, I'm not the best at accounting. That's why I'm, you know, my wife helps with our accounting. And that's why I have an accountant and a CPA that I've hired to do that I used to take, you know, my wife and I our our anniversary is in October, October 11. And I would because we filed an extension for our taxes. For the last seven years of our marriage, I've spent our anniversary to your

[113:04] Speaker 0: taxes. Wow. This is the first

[113:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: year that I don't have to do that. Because I've been able to make enough money in our business to hire somebody else to do it. And so like that right there, like I told her, I said, Babe, the week is open. For our anniversary this this year, let's go do something fun, we'll probably either go to the beach or do something really, really cool for that week. Whereas, you know, when we got married, like I was spending that time doing taxes, I was procrastinating those things. Not that it's like, I don't think anybody loves doing taxes if you do your special breed of person. We know when it comes to putting our website together the very simple part of that a lot of our members in our accelerator, they're right where you are as well, where they are. They're most of the people in our program. They're not super tech savvy people. They didn't have a website before they started with our program. And they went through the very simple process to put just a simple offer together to get clients in their business. And that's that's the most important part, I think. And that's why I included the the courses to help you do that the landing page blueprint and the funnel building one as one of the free gifts just for trying the accelerator out because I know that those two are really going to get to help anybody who jumps in if you don't have landing pages to get some of that stuff going.

[134:59] Speaker 2: Yes, thank you for this. Jimmy, I send you the link on the chat, which is my link tree link. And I was just wanted to ask you because you know, that's the only thing I'm using to connect with, with the customers. And do you think that will be useful in a way to be part

[140:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: of that part of the issue here is that we have multiple dates and times and things that you're directing them to on here. Okay, and whenever you give people multiple options, oftentimes they decide to choose none of them. And so one of the biggest things that I encourage people to do is to really focus in on like one option where you direct people now it looks like you're directing them to different courses that you have on different dates and times.

[148:29] Speaker 2: Yeah, because I do your

[148:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: registration pages that you're sending people to, but you're gonna want to actually create some kind of a page that creates that connection with people tells that story and really goes through what we went over the last five days on a landing page, and you're going to want to capture their email address. The other thing is is these costs money to attend?

[154:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, because I'm instructor for healing modality and Holistic Therapist and coach for different therapists. So there is like this. That is just showing four different events or what is available calendar as well for session bookings.

[158:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you do you get a lot of paid clients on these events all the time? For

[159:50] Speaker 2: sessions CES for events just recently last free, free months. Okay. So,

[161:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, going through the kind of the process that we've shown you if we want to be advertising, getting new people on your email list, we want to take even what the topics of these seminars are. And we want to break them down where you're able to connect with some people, maybe on like a one to one day session to break through some of those things and then sell them on the paid sessions that you have.

[167:11] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah.

[167:41] Speaker 2: Yeah. That's great. Thank you so much.

[168:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Stacy Brown. What's up, Stacy? Hello, hello.

[170:52] Speaker 3: So I had a question about my picture. My advertisement. Um, I literally use the format from the cover from this challenge that you you put. And so I wanted to know, on the picture, because I planned on using that for the ad two. Did you see anything aside from being more specific as to who I'm targeting? That I needed

[179:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: time to look at this? Because we were packing our house up and everything to move next week? So I just had glanced at it. Let me actually, like, take a look at it here right now. Learn how to lead with confidence and competence, owning your power. Okay. I liked the title. Um, part of what is missing is it's, I would, let's try to maybe get clear, still a little clearer still, as to who it's for, as to who it's directed towards in the name. That's exactly what darling just left a comment right here. However, does this target your who exactly she already she's listening this feedback, even that we're getting right here. Maybe putting the word like mothers in there like Lee, like, learn how to lead if you're specifically with mothers, is is. Because this could like that title right there could attract a lot of different people. Now, if that's what you're wanting, that's fine. Um, but that's where like, it comes to the point of I tell people this and I use some pretty harsh language, when I say it, like, you want your offer to be so specific. And if you're reaching maybe two or three separate groups of people create two or three separate offers as well. So specific enough that actually would repel and even I mean, it's a harsh word, but it would alienate anybody who is not exactly who you're looking for. The language that I use is like, if you're a mentor, trainer, a thought leader, that's who we work with, if you don't fit into that category, I love you. But this is not for you. Because I want to I like what I teach is very much gonna break down and it's not going to work as well, in that sense. And this is this is specifically around your profitability and the ability to convert this to sales by getting real specific as to the type of person that we want to meet. Now, here's the thing, in our culture in our society, and in our world, today, we're told not to do that, we're told not to be so specific to people and not to leave people out of our messaging, when it comes to running your advertising campaigns, that's the fastest way to lose a ton of money with that is to is to try to reach a wide range of people. Because the algorithm, it doesn't, it doesn't respect that in a way. And it's going to just kind of go all over the place. And oftentimes, it's not going to it's not going to land on anybody who's really a good fit to work with you overall. And so that's one of the biggest areas that when that I tell our clients in our accelerator, and sometimes it takes two or three times to really figure it out, but getting really specific with the WHO that you're trying to reach. Even to the point that it's like there are certain people that are going to be left out in your messaging and figuring out who that group of people are that's most likely to be your purchasers or buyers here's an example of of how this worked out specifically with with Rick Pino when we were promoting his get your worship music heard offer, we decided this offer was incredible. It could help anybody in the music industry. So we changed it to get your Christian music hurt. From get your worship music heard, right, we would think Christian music worship music, wider range of people. He lost $50,000 on that campaign, and nobody signed up as a sale. And he had some of the most negative comments because his message was very much aligned towards the worship genre of Christian music specifically, and a lot of what was outside of that they just didn't resonate with him. So they were all these people that were joining him and then they were like, you know, they basically told Rick to get a life and that I mean, there's some really rude people on the call that were just like, why am I even here, this is the dumbest thing I've been a part of. And so that's what I look at is, is, even a year ago, when I was running my offers I had, I had a guy tell me live on the offer, he's like Jeremiah, you're the, you're the biggest load of crock I've ever seen, you know nothing about online marketing, and you could never help anybody. And because of that was because of the language that I was using to actually attract him to join my offer. Because while he was a mentor, while he was a coach, the language I was using was very specifically attracting a very negative group of people that had no intention of being a being a client. And so in my effort to help so many people, I was actually causing my business to fail. Now, your business itself can reach it reach a wide range of people. But when it comes to what we're actually promoting in our offers, if you're gonna, if you say, Hey, I helped three different types of people. Get that into three different types of offers, see, which one actually converts to sales more. And this right here is why I tell people listen, I'm the guy that's going to show you how to make the maximum amount of money and reach the most amount of people by actually segmenting out people, you will reach more people in general, overall, because the algorithm is going to find the right people that are going to take action and go with you. So getting specific around if it is specifically mothers or women. Let's try to put that into this language here just a little bit.

[265:56] Speaker 3: Okay. Yep, I can do that. Thank you.

[266:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, um, here's another great example, when I, one of my original webinars that I did it was create digital digital courses. Like that was one of my webinars that I read. And I got a ton of people in the webinar that didn't want to do anything with online marketing. They didn't want to do anything with advertising. They didn't want to do anything with that required them to actually connect or communicate with other people. They just wanted to record content to their phone, and sell it and sell it not online, but like person to person. And so I realized, well, the language in my offer itself, because I wasn't specific enough as to the fact that like, we teach an online marketing method that uses advertising, I was attracting all these people to my trainings that were that were actually not even, like, close to who I can serve. But But I was spending all this money and ads to get them in front of me and they weren't converting to sales. And they usually were the ones that were sending me, I used to get a lot of nasty messages. Like I would do a five day deal like this and I'd have four or five people just ripping into me as to like how horrible of a person they thought I was. And what that was, that was really good data for me as to who to not target I actually found a pattern across like all of the nasty messages I was getting with people and then I figured out how to make sure they just don't show up on our calls anymore with my messaging with my language with what actually put on the on the landing page itself basically helped Facebook decide that and then as we got our lookalike audiences better as well that helped target that as well. So which is which is pretty it's pretty interesting but it works all right, Tracy Washington

[298:13] Speaker 4: Here we go. Hello. Hello. So I'm gonna put my landing page in the chat I have my my target market is women and professional women who feel the need who feel the the nudge to kind of do something new but they don't know what that is. My offer is to help them figure that out I've created like a I'm in the process of kind of redoing the offer that I have which is a guy a ebook to get them on my list. I think I mentioned that the other day about doubt. Now the the the list there the the copy there talks about a guide to combat burnout that was kind of an old offer. But does that slow when you read it? Does it flow making does it have the elements you just talked about who it's for

[313:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: it does have those elements but it does not follow the flow of really pulling me in to read it and connecting emotionally around the result that this is going to deliver to me. Okay other a lot of it is talking about like who it's for. Okay, and, and like what you're going to be teaching them versus sort of what that dream is of where they're going. So like even this this title here we go. We would want to change this, want to pull more from this like, for the woman who's built for success feels the nudge for her next level. So the idea is, like, clarity, like, crystal clarity on your next steps, or like confidence on your next season type of a thing could be, rather than just, like get specific as to what they're confident in, they're not just merely confident that they're competent in their next season. And then and then we focus on, you know,

[328:33] Speaker 0: not just saying you're accomplished,

[328:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you built all this,

[329:23] Speaker 0: rather, we would look at

[331:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would go, I would take these and filter them through the different prompts that we had in chat GPT, to help us kind of get some of the pain points as well.

[333:28] Speaker 0: Okay.

[334:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And specifically, then you're gonna want to get the women that are connecting with you, you're going to figure out what their story I might even add a field to this as like, you know, what's, what's one, one breakthrough that you'd love to get from this ebook. And you can even have that and type that into your opt in form right here, and then start to gather those responses as well from them. Now, the other thing is, is if it's an ebook, is there a direct call to action to another offer in the eBook?

[342:57] Speaker 4: Um, it is it's a discovery call. Okay, one discovery call. Okay. Which I'm not sure if I still want to do it that way. Yeah, this, I think I'm gonna change it after this. Yeah.

[346:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing live events, webinars, challenges, they kind of combine what you can do with the discovery call qualifying people, and delivering content, and being a great opt in offer all in kind of one place. Yeah. And that's what's really cool with that. One value with ebooks is like, you could use the ebook because there you can get really cheap leads with eBooks, you can get cheaper leads with an ebook than you can with, like a webinar or challenge. And then what I would do is I would take people that are on the list from the ebook and get them to sign up for a webinar with you, because they're already on your list. And you continue that say, Hey, you grab this, I got an upcoming training, I want to walk you through the next step with with you, and you invite them to that training. And and now that's where you can close them on your 1000 $2,000 program.

[359:42] Speaker 4: Okay, that sounds good that's in alignment. Well, when I was thinking, I'm thinking I'm not, I don't really want to do one on one too much anymore. Well, I do,

[362:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, very your one on one be a lot more expensive, right. Like, if any of y'all are charging today, less than $500 an hour for your one on one, you gotta raise it to that price for one on one coaching. Because and then and then even sell that in like a package of not just individual hours. If I had to do it again, like with one on one coaching, minimum of six sessions, you got to purchase for 500 bucks, three grand as like the lowest level of package for one on one that people could buy smallest level. And you know, and and then you could offer your group coaching for 500 to $1,000. With that, get to the place to where then your one on one coaching, once you sell that a few times, double those those rates, double those prices. The goal is if you have a really expensive offer, and then a cheaper offer, it ends up anchoring the cheaper offer to make its perceived value look more valuable overall. Because this higher level one is kind of out of reach for most people. And that's that's why I've made my one on one coaching where it's at because it's really I sort of want to deter people away from even doing one on one with me, I actually believe that most people and I even tell our clients this, I think you're gonna get more value from our group session than even having one on one sessions with me because of the group interaction because of what is happening in our program. And so I the way we've developed the accelerator is, is incredible as far as how we put together each of the trainings with people.

[388:29] Speaker 0: Okay. All right. Thank you.

[389:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Catherine May, what's up?

[390:36] Speaker 5: Hey, there. I just had a quick question about what you were talking about a few minutes ago trying to get your messaging speaking to the right person, in your your pages, your landing pages and all that stuff. I think that I kind of has have a disconnect with that. And maybe that's my biggest problem because thank God not like you. I haven't had a lot of crazy mean people, but in the Christian space, they're still pretty nasty, but they think that Christian equals free, and so they shouldn't have to pay for anything. And so I get a lot of like women that come in, who are just somehow at the age of disability Ready where they don't have security, they don't have a lot of money. And they're coming at me like, why would you ever charge for doing anything that has to do with, you know, Jesus, and I'm like, oh my goodness, okay. But my, what I, what I do this is my, this is my confusion is that I help, you know, Holy Spirit filled Christian women who are on a weight loss journey to finally like drop the weight, right and do it not through traditional dieting. And so I found that people in this marketing way where it's like, I'm going to help you lose weight physically. But we're going to do it by focusing on dropping the mental weight, like bounce a mental weight, but dealing with, you know, like, emotions and thoughts and agreements and stuff. And I can't figure out how to say, I'm basically doing weight loss with women, from a backdoor perspective, like I'm, we're gonna get to the weight loss, but it's going to come later. And a lot of women are just so used to dieting, I'm trying to help them stop dieting, and start thinking for weight loss and actually, like, do the weight loss stuff later after they've been transformed by the renewing of their mind. And that's where I think the disconnect in my messaging is coming from and if I join your program, I'm really thinking about it for sure. I need to know if you're able to help me like hash that out and and make it so honed in that it does speak to you. Yeah,

[422:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely, that is a big part of what we do in the program. But there is a piece I'll tell you this is you will have to Okay, we're gonna we're gonna hash it out to a certain level, but then we got to put it out there and see, okay, how does the marketplace respond to this, the biggest element that's going to help you is the feedback loop from these women as to what their desired dreams and goals are with the weight loss, and with their journey with you. If you can take those exact words that these women are saying, and then you craft your headlines and your offer around their dreams, goals and desires. You don't need to change what your what your training is at all. But just the hook that you're using to draw them in might need to change a little bit. And that was that was exactly. I keep going back to Rick Pino because this is exactly what we did. And we had such a great conversation. I remember two years ago, him and I met. And I told him, I said, I said, Rick, the biggest hook that's going to explode your business. Is this become a famous worship songwriter? And he laughed at me. He said, That's the last thing I want to help people do. Because that's naughty. That like, almost goes against what worship is in its purest sense. And I said, I know it is. I know it is. But that's what they want more than anything else. And, and then fast forward to when he had his biggest month, that was the exact hook that we had actually used to generate that million dollars, his message didn't change. His message was still always about the purity. Like he would bring people in with this, like, Okay, you want to become a famous worship leader. Let me tell you the truth. That desire isn't necessarily from heaven. Yeah, always. And in fact, if that's all you're focusing on his fame, you know, God's gonna make sure that that probably doesn't happen. Because he has meant he's mentored so many people through that, and the different disconnects with that, and his message was very much on identity and confidence. And that was one of the biggest areas was we had to figure out the hook that drew the right people in was not necessarily what he wanted to use, but it was the words that they were using themselves. Every time we surveyed his audience, like 50% of the responses were Rick, I want to be like you I want to be a fame. I want to be like Jeremy riddle, Stephanie Gretzky or Maverick city, Bethel music, I want to be like Hillsong I want to be the famous worship songwriter. And he was like, ah, not another. The Fame chasers is what he called them. Turns out the fame chasers really were the most profitable group for him to be able to help and and he was able to truly mentor them from a place of, I think, spiritual authority that he carries in that area, to teach them his message. of hey, let's make let's not make fame be the main goal. But let's actually make intimacy with God be the goal and, and, and by being able to adjust the language to the most effective language. That's where we were able to make things very profitable in that sense. And I still here to this day, every every month, because we were we were a big part of I did a lot of the five day challenges and three day challenges with Rick, him and I would do the sales pitch together. I would come in on the last day and I would do the pitch with him. And I hear frequently from people they're like that program was the best program I've ever been through. It changed my life. And I love I'm hearing that like people's lives were truly, it wasn't just that, like it made a ton of money for Rick as my client, but his clients lives were changed as a result of that. And that that makes me happy just hearing from people about that.

[483:35] Speaker 5: Yeah, that's my goal ultimately. So my my concern is always drawing in these women who are just looking for another quick fix diet when I talk, instead of real true transformation change and making a difference.

[487:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's interesting, is if you if you are funny, you are attracting a certain group of people around something we want to figure out, Okay, do we want to include in our messaging to where we're sort of like, if you study like, it sounds like you've been around when you've learned from a lot of gurus and stuff like that with webinars and stuff, right? The limiting beliefs literally

[493:37] Speaker 5: working with coaches.

[494:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, learning the limiting beliefs that they might have. And that might be one of the beliefs that maybe we need to reframe in your presentation is that there is no quick fix, and really help them buy into that. I find for me, even in my business, the quick fix for businesses, what a lot of people come to me for, and I kind of show them, I'm like, you know, I can give you the fastest path. But it's not like, overnight, millions, that's just not a reality. And so it's kind of the same same type of thing is, in your present, this is where we go into the weeds of the presentation of how we actually present how we actually expository break apart the message that you have, in a way that helps shift their thinking, because really, a sales pitch, is just shifting people's thinking in the direction of this one thing, becoming a client of you is the best option that they have at that moment in time. And that's what you want people to believe, is when they get to that stage where you're like, hey, here's my program, you want them to be like, Okay, I've tried a whole bunch of stuff before, this is the best option to reach my goals is by working with Katherine. And that might take reframing some of their thought process in the process of that, or flipside of that, we try to figure out how to not attract so many of the quick fix people. So these are two different ways of doing this. You either reframe the people that are looking for a quick fix. Or if we really, we could literally just eliminate those people with our messaging, and you put it in like big, bold letters, this is not a quick fix weight loss training. This is a sustainable long term, and you actually like at the top of your landing page, make it very bold as to who it's not for, if they're looking for something that you find is frequently not connecting with you. I did that for about six months. And then I actually I went back on that. But I have done that even in what we're doing is where I was attracting a lot of people that were network marketers, they were running agency businesses, they were wanting to sell ecommerce products. And truthfully, like, Well, what I teach could help in some of those areas. My superpower is always going to be with mentors, trainers, authors, thought leaders, and that's where my experience has been. And so I've found that for me to really, truly serve people at the level that I need to, I have to tell people upfront Hey, listen, if you're in this type of an online business, I had a lady write me yesterday, Jeremiah, I love your content, could you just help me get my online store going to sell products online, and I'm like, I apologize, I don't help with that area, in my business. You know, and just boldly like telling people this is what I do. This is what I don't do and getting real specific as to that. There's a few nuances with your messages that we can dial in that we can work through with that and then we want to test and iterate see what kind of feedback you get from those people who sign up with you. You can take what I just kind of told you the last five minutes and I think that that'll really help you with your offer.

[544:56] Speaker 5: Yeah, I appreciate that a ton I have I've I mean I've been selling my offer I think I've sold nine you know nine coaching packages since last October doing to like live watches like what you're doing and they're okay but they're just not I feel like the in the in between and as I've been I hired this crazy marketing agency over the last three months and they pay them a ton of money to do nothing but mess up my stuff I feel like they have the messaging is like what I

[552:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: hear most of the time when people hire marketing agencies. Oh, yeah. So

[552:57] Speaker 5: I'm like I'm a little gun shy because I'm like man, I pretty much spent because that's my heart like to make my business better for my clients. So I just reinvest reinvest in what I'm doing. And I'm like, oh, no, and I you know, I need to make a second income for our home. So this is very important to me and for transformation for these women who need it because it's more than just about looking like a supermodel. It's about being healthy so they can he be healed and heal other people. It's like a mission. I have Like administrator to where am I?

[560:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, there's a few statements that you've made in the last five to 10 minutes that need to go on your landing page. It's more than just look like that needs to go on your landing page. They

[563:12] Speaker 5: were in those marketing people took all that stuff off. And I was like, seriously?

[564:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go on your landing page. Definitely.

[565:24] Speaker 6: Yeah, sure. Okay.

[565:55] Speaker 5: Go back through your process. And, man, you so much. I really appreciate that. Let somebody else ask some questions. Thank you.

[568:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, let's see. Let me see here. Um, nobody has their hand raised. If you got any other questions, raise your hand, I'm going to look through some of these questions that are here that have come in Oh, some of these are even from yesterday as well. I have a question. Hey, what's up, Pamela?

[574:24] Speaker 6: Hi, Jeremiah, I, I put a giveaway on a on my website. So I could collect email addresses. And I'm comparing my giveaway of free coaching sessions with my webinar. And I just started working on the webinar page, I put the link to the to the giveaway page, I wanted to know if you look at it, because I'm getting people to go there and look at my webinar. I mean, the giveaway, I had 100 people land on it in about a week, but only five people took the time to submit it.

[585:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Mm hmm. I think I think what it is is, especially like when it comes to the one on one coaching, is they probably this is actually really valuable that you're giving this away to people what I like because I know what you're offering, I think we gotta get clear on on, on the words that are on this page of explaining like, what really the ultimate value of getting free, one on one sleep coaching with you looks like. And this can be considered sort of like a discovery call type of a thing.

[594:23] Speaker 0: Again,

[594:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is the what is the what happens to people when they don't get quality sleep? What happens to them when they're stressed, you know, their stress hormones? What do you find is the biggest pattern of those that are working with you that they're dealing with? When they don't like the inflammation, ultimately, it's like you're dealing with inflammation. But then what are the symptoms of that inflammation? And really, like, what are they trying to accomplish more of I love right here, the further down your page, you sort of addressed this, whether you're grappling with Insomnia, Sleep Apnea, weight gain, memory loss, just want to optimize sleep, I would move this list to the top of the page here. Initially, to where it's like, you're not just going through the questions, but you're actually dealing with, okay, these are the problems they're grappling with. And saying, like, you know, does it seem like you tried everything to fix these, but nothing's worked. You know, and for most people, it's like, it's sleep really, I I've even to, most people don't realize that sleep is the answer for like 90% of a lot of healing issues and stuff that people need help with, but they don't realize it and they're not willing to admit it. And they got a lot of reasons why they believe they can't take care of their sleep. So you got to really tap into even some of their objections. You know, even if you say you don't have time to sleep, even if you got too busy of a schedule too busy of a lifestyle, if you got too much going on, or you just It's been too hard for you to lose the weight to have that whatever those areas are for people where they're struggling to get quality sleep or lack of sleep. Just talking about those in the initial part of your page that's going to help it come across for people.

[626:35] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah.

[627:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Also, Catherine, you had asked, How much do you recommend an ad spend to spend? Generally, I tell people like initially, my first rule of thumb is never spend more than you're willing to, like, lose if a campaign didn't work. So that's always kind of like my my first thing that I tell people is never spend more than what you're willing to lose. Some people say, Well, I'm not willing to lose $1 Well, okay. You're gonna have to there is a risk always putting ads out there. So then I say start with about 150 to $300 and ads to test out your initial offer. Once that starts working. Your next campaign when you can make back that double, triple quadruple that we that a lot of our clients, they'll spend 500 bucks In ADS, and this has been like the frequent number, they'll spend 500 bucks, and it'll bring in 10 grand. So I tell them, Okay, go spend 1500 Next time of that 10 grand that you just made, and see if you can make 15 to 20 grand off of that. And the amount you spend on ads, it's not just it's not a straight line, it's more of a curve, to where like there's there's diminishing returns, the more you spend, the less results you quote, unquote, get more of, that's a part of it, that can be a little bit confusing, we kind of break that down. For you, it's a it's a curve that goes up. That's why a lot of people like they can get a lot of results of spending 500 to 1000 on a campaign. But once they bump it up to 5000, or 10,000. In ADS, they might not see like a 10x return, they may only see a two or 3x. And that's why finding that what I call the sweet spot of ad spend is better than just trying to throw a bunch of money out there. And I tell people to stair step it slowly to get there, I usually recommend no more than like, like 50% of your previous budget on your next campaign to test things out. So like, I did this myself with my own ads, I was spending initially 1002 1000. And I did like 3000 5000 7000 10,000 in one month. And then I didn't I think I spent 15,000. And it didn't produce better results than the 10,000. So I came back to 10,000. And then that one didn't produce better results than the 7000. And so then I tried the 7000 that got better results overall. So that's been my sweetspot monthly has been about five to 10,000 a month that I'm testing and ads. And that's actually how much we spend with my mom. That's how much we were spending with Rick Pino. That's how much we were spending. So like, if we talk about spend with Rick, we were spending 10 grand a month and bringing in a million dollars a month, that's like nothing to make that is incredible. Once you get things dialed in, it's leveraged really well to be able to get the most out of that ad spent overall. And that's why like 20 3040 times your ad spend, when you follow this process of really dialing in your messaging isn't unrealistic at all. In the beginning, I think for most people, it would be unrealistic to like, just your first offer out say, Okay, I want 40 times my ad spend what I told him, he was just trying to double your ad spend, or trying to break even on your first campaign. Because if you can do that, I promise you, we can scale it. If you're losing money on your ad campaign. Okay, we got to really adjust your messaging at that point, something major has to shift at that point. But for most people, if they can break even or double their money, we can get them to where they're tripling quadrupling 10, axing their ad spend even 20x in it overall. Um,

[686:32] Speaker 5: and I just really quick ask you a little bit of to elaborate on that. One little part of that you just said about the ads. You're talking about offer you mean offer as in, like my ebook, for instance, or whatever else it is my freebie. That's what I'm spending ads on. Money for ads. Yeah, yes. Okay. Okay. And then that needs to have something to do with directly to do with what I'm going to be emailing them later to say, Hey, join to have this event. You're gonna want to learn about XYZ?

[694:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, generally, what we recommend people do is that you actually run your offer you run your ad, like straight to your event offers themselves

[697:34] Speaker 5: how do you feel about Facebook's Like, I've I've just even had somebody messaged me, that's actually going through this same thing. And I don't know that they're in the VIP or not. But she's like, you know, so much has changed with Facebook ads, they're just not as successful if at all, and I'm like, how do you keep up with all that? Because I'm very, I'm not the break Baby, baby and Facebook ads, but I feel like I'm barely a toddler. And so yeah, I just won't. How do you keep up with that?

[704:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, everybody's everybody's pretty much said exactly that for the last 10 years of Facebook, because the algorithm changes about every six to 12 months anyways. And and a big part of it as I look at what is being promoted actively in the, like other people's Facebook ads that are actually out there, right now. If you notice in the mentoring space, everybody's hosting events to have a specific date and time to show up at the reason why is because they're the most effective for the amount of dollars you spend on your ads to the sales output overall. And so I read them would reverse engineer that back into saying, Okay, if we need to pivot from that, we're gonna I'm gonna notice that being in our accelerator is a great way to stay on top of that, because I'm always mentioning here's what we're doing here with our clients. You can hear what other people in the program are doing that's getting the best results for them. But all of our clients that are actually making a profit there, they're utilizing webinars and some version of the webinar and challenge model. We don't use the word challenges, though in our group, we use the word intensive or bootcamp or virtual mastermind more often, or we'll use like live zoom training instead of webinar. I just find it. It feels that sounds better. It sounds less cheesy as far as calling it that, but

[727:05] Speaker 5: 100% agree. Yes. Thank you so much. Yeah.

[728:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: How often do you run a campaign on one topic? Honestly, you could run, you could run a campaign to the same topic, consistently to grow your email list. And this is why what we teach is not a live launch model at all. This is actually very different from a live launch model is that if I'm getting people, I have one offer, where I'm sending people to to join with me for mentoring and coaching. And that I'm pulling people in through different books that get them in front of me that I that way I can do the process of building trust about our program. But the program isn't like launching new each time we're doing that. And that's what really, I think sets that apart as well from the live launch model, part of the live launch model is that can be really can cause a lot of burnout. Overall, if you're consistently like trying to launch launch, launch a brand new thing, get a brand new thing going like that. Instead, it's really what I prefer is we're optimizing and dialing in our messaging for our one main irresistible offer that we do, that speaks to the right group of people. And the reason why we're putting out stuff each month is we're dialing it in, we're tuning it, we're optimizing it just a little bit to get the best results out. Now, Tony had asked a question, too, that I want to answer and address.

[751:43] Speaker 0: He said here,

[752:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, if you're working a job, how quickly do you think you can start seeing cash flowing when you start doing this from zero. So that ultimately does depend on somebody's ability to take action and actually put an offer together, put it out there start selling start testing through this process. I've seen people cash flowing, making six figures in as little as 30 days. I've also seen people get no results for two years because they haven't launched an offer. And so like, that's the sort of nuance of it is the person who got it in 30 days, they launched their offer. On average what I see people do if they have no experience at all with any mentoring, and they need to test stuff out to get cashflow. We've generally seen people go from zero to cash flowing that six figures on average at about the 90 to 120 day place that's sort of the average for most beginners. It's about 90 days to 120 days into working with us in our program and why is that is is just because

[770:48] Speaker 0: I'm I'm giving

[771:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you the blueprint in the model to do this where I've seen what it takes most people to actually put their offer out there for it start to be successful sometimes can take them personally about three to four months to do so that's the average for most of the people that I meet. But it can be less than that it can be more than that

[775:39] Speaker 0: as well.

[776:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Catherine says is your program more for the beginner only are you do work with more experienced still tweaking to make it work? No, it's not. It's actually not for the ultra beginner. Most of the people that we have in our program, I would not call them like super beginner beginners. Most of those people, if they are a super beginner, they joined for 30 days and ask for their money back. Because they're just way too overwhelmed by even doing any of the work overall. So what we're looking at as people that I want to help you get your cash flow to where you're making multiple six figures consistently, I really identify the stages that people are at based on with how much their cash flowing, overall. Dominic, what's up Dominic young Hey,

[787:59] Speaker 0: how are you? Um, I'm a beginner and I don't have any clients. But do you have a like a course or training on like, if you get your first client contracts and how that works and all that

[792:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't have anything on contracts or legal stuff because I'm not qualified to do that. I'm not a lawyer and attorney I don't I also in our coaching model we we don't have any contracts that we that we use for any anything. So that works and actually got a client Yeah, for me, I don't if you feel you need to that you'll have to work with a an attorney to put those together. You might be able to have chat GBT, right some of that stuff up. For me. He, I tell people you can model like what we're doing to get clients, where I focus in on people are showing people how to get there, how to get clients, how to scale and how to make as much money as possible in their business, and what kind of messaging to put together to be able to do that. But like, as a beginner, what I found is, a lot of times people can get really distracted by all the nuances of all the stuff they think that they need to do to get things going in their business. The best thing is, is get some people you on a live zoom call, connect with them, talk with them communicate with them, we do have a training in our in our program called the transformational coaching, where I walk you through like how to coach people, there is some nuance that I wish that I knew when I was starting coaching, coaching is more than just telling people what to do. It really is listening to people, leading people, helping them mentoring people is more than just telling people what to do. And it's helping lead them. And so if you are a beginner, we have all of the trainings that are in the program to walk you through that process. If you're like brand brand new at that level. It just again, it might take you a little bit longer than say somebody who has already been mentoring people for a while to start to see those results. But it's worth every every, every minute of it.

[821:21] Speaker 0: Okay, thanks. Yeah. All right. Catherine, what's up?

[822:51] Speaker 5: Alright, feel like I'm just asking away? Yeah, this one's easier to ask out loud. Um, you said that you don't do teach live launch models? I was trying to put that together in my head. Because is that not just what you did? And then second to go with that question. You said, it's, you kind of, I guess you launch your program where you share about your program live kind of like this maybe seems like maybe every few months? Or do you do this monthly? And then do you have to come up with a new topic every time?

[829:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I consider this, I don't think I've come up with a new topic in two years. Okay. Because I'm focusing on on I've gotten more specific to the type of person that I'm helping during that time to where I'm slightly tweaking and adjusting it in that sense, and optimizing my sales revenue part of the process. But the offer that I'm actually inviting people into hasn't changed. It's all specifically for mentors, trainers, coaches, and thought leaders. And it's one program where I'm inviting people into, what I tell people that you can do is if you if you need to cashflow things, you can do a hybrid model, or what I call a micro term coaching. So again, it's not necessarily a live launch model, I think the live launch model is just it's not, it's a recipe for burnout, it really is. Because you're constantly having to come up with a new topic, a new topic, a new topic. And instead of going deeper with the people that you really are meant to help, or pivoting to what the ones that are most profitable for you, and really kind of planting your feet in that area, and building a brand around that for you. So like for instance, with my mom, she's teaching stock market coaching, but she's dialing deeper into the nuances of who she wants to work with. A year ago, she found herself really attracting a lot of codependent people. And now she just has zero tolerance for codependency in that. And so we've actually structured a lot of our offers to repel people that maybe are looking for her to tell them what stocks to trade, versus who want to actually learn how to do it at the level that she's looking for. So we so we've structured same offer that she's promoting same program, but we're attracting a better group of people by looking at, okay, if we look at the past year, who are the ones that stuck with us, who are the ones that that left, who are the ones that didn't that like they quit after a month, and really analyzing that data to dial deeper into the the person, the group of people, the one too many models, what we call it, that we can look for, I'm trying to find a couple of 1000 people that are essentially very similar to each other with the same issues, problems, goals, desires, even ways of thinking. And if they're not, in that sense, then we'll help mentor them in that level. And, and that's how we're able to help serve people rather than trying to, like, spread ourselves so thin with all these different topics. We're focusing on one thing now when we're creating a webinar and an offer, there's an upper limit to how much you can actually spend each month on your advertising campaigns. Like you can't just okay, I'm gonna spend a million dollars now got every client that I ever need for the next five years like that's not actually possible to do with that. So that's so this is why we what I tell people to do is once you dial in your offer, just run the same play each month, like to the same group of people, and then if you notice, you're saying the same thing over and over again, make it Evergreen. And now that's how you dial in an evergreen offer, because you've proven that it brings in clients for you. So again, cash flow and revenue are kind of our number one priorities, getting you cashflow in your business making 1020 $30,000 a month, because that will change everything for the landscape of your decision making process. And how you structure things if you're bringing in, you know, a quarter million to a half a million dollars consistently in your business.

[890:48] Speaker 5: Okay, so when you're talking about the offer, I'm not talking about my course and coaching program changing, but just the I love what you're saying live lunch is definitely a burnout model, because I was very burnt out after two of them. Yeah. But I taught the same thing both times. So in the challenge, I called it the challenges. So I was taught to call it but in the the thing that I did, it was you know, a mindset reset, you know, for weight loss. And I taught the same things both times and they both yield exactly the same results. First time I paid for zero traffic. Second time I paid $2,000 in traffic and broke even. Yeah, to get people to the webinar, I mean, well for the class to challenge. So that was my my, I guess my thing I wonder you teach I suppose I imagine you teach us how to figure out what to present, you know, based on or how you know, how to present based on our offer, like our actual program and our coaching? And our course and whatever else we offer. Is that Is that correct? To assume that

[906:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: correct? Yeah, you want to you want to be able to dial in to attract the right people. So that that leverages like, you're not spending $1,000 And just breaking evens, but so that you can spend $1,000 and make 20,000 30,000 off the bat. Okay, because that's that really is dialed into to to two things. One, who are we attracting to the event. And then number two, the actual presentation that's given during the event itself. And again, now I will say this, if giving a presentation was exhausting, that's an area that you know, the more you do that, the better it will get. And it it becomes less exhausting. And so I tell people simplify a lot of the complexity, remove a lot of the complexity of actually hosting challenges or webinars and do the bare minimum at that level. Because then that will help mitigate a lot of the burnout. But what it'll do is it'll help you become way better at actually giving your sales pitch overall, to close those sales, the more often we connect with people and actually sell to them, the better that is, I mean, I'll ask you this, if you did a webinar and it brought in $30,000. Would that be as disappointing as breaking even? No. Okay. So, so when I hear people say, you know, I was burnt out doing a challenge, but they didn't make any money. I would say if you made 30 $40,000, would you would you say that it was just as much of a burnout system? And the answer that is maybe, maybe it is okay. And part of that is let's remove some of the complexity if it if it was, that's a big area that that I strongly firmly believe in is actually removing stuff from our marketing, eliminating certain parts of our marketing that, quote, unquote, we're told by gurus and coaches we need to do, and just focusing on what is the bare minimums to make a connection with people, a zoom call, where we're talking and answering questions is a great way to make connections with people to build that type of a connection. But like, you know, do I have the elaborate studio like Tony Robbins, or? Or like, like, what, different like Russell Brunson or, or like what Pedro has, do I have all that studio stuff? No, I don't. It's just me here in my upper living room in my my house here.

[944:48] Speaker 5: I just love that, that you do that. Anyways, it's encouraging to know, I'm just a regular old person to doing regular old things. So I get married things to don't mean that you're just normal regular, you're extraordinary. I think it's awesome what you do it's just wonderful to see the simplicity. Because you know, you have to everybody can do this and you don't have to be a millionaire. I just want to help my family pay their bills like like I don't need to be a millionaire. I need to do what God's called me to do. But I it's the overwhelm I think for me was in what you just talking about the complexity. I don't mind presenting and chatting with her all day long. I love it connecting. Yeah, exactly. For now is like oh, you have to produce all this content and oh, this Oh, the bajillion of emails. You have to send this and that and create all the things and that was pre your sounds like oh,

[957:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, what I like is is usually we'll build it once and then we'll just tweak it. What we've pretty much done is we've just tweaked a lot of our autoresponder you mails and all of that. They're there a lot of the same ones that we might have sent out a couple of months ago. There. They're just adjusted with a few of the words that are in them. And then you can hire somebody to to help you do that as well, to help you with some of the more complex stuff that you might not want to do yourself.

[965:05] Speaker 5: Yeah, absolutely. So thank you so much.

[965:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Let's see Robert. Robert ever sold.

[969:06] Speaker 7: Do you have like, just a minute to take a quick look at my page that I've got real quick just to see what just give me some little bit of feedback, because I know I'm lousy at this.

[971:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's take a look at it. Yeah. All right.

[972:48] Speaker 0: Yeah. We've been copied in.

[973:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would encourage you. We don't need to we don't we don't need to. We don't need to put yourself down.

[976:13] Speaker 7: I don't know. Making landing pages and stuff like that something I definitely I know, I need to work on it. I need to get to.

[977:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but this is, you know, do you want to learn how to create magical art. Welcome to the enchanted Art Academy. Test. Okay.

[980:12] Speaker 7: So riceworks on don't?

[980:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so right away, because we got multiple services that we're offering that can be confusing to people, we want to hone in on this one specific thing that we want to draw them to. Okay, so this is this,

[984:22] Speaker 7: this is the landing page that think if it gives me so it's like, I can't do much in editing that. I'm going to try and make my own.

[986:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, so this is again, what you could essentially,

[988:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to figure out like, Why do these people want to create are like this? And speak to that speak to not just what you're going to be teaching? What they're going to be learning, but rather like, what will drive somebody to want to do this? What are those dreams that they have? What?

[993:03] Speaker 0: What's that, like?

[993:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is truly going to motivate them to actually take the time out of their life and day to learn how to do this with you? And put that language onto your page

[996:26] Speaker 0: overall? Yeah,

[997:07] Speaker 7: I guess that's when we have to really kind of learn.

[997:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's what's it? Well, the chat GPT stuff that we went through, is where you're kind of kind of break that apart and break that down with people. But then that's where the second stage is, once you're connecting with people. You want to you want to pull that out of them, to where they're actually actually calling you themselves. Yeah. Oh, yeah, we definitely got to get comfortable talking with people for sure. And to where we're able to pull that out of people, like, in their own words, why do they want to create art? What's really what's driving and motivating them overall, in their own language? What's stopping them? What's preventing them? You know, for me, the biggest thing I hear from people as to the biggest reason why they, by the way, yeah, I think aesthetically, your website looks great. I think you can easily recraft this, and put this together in a way that will work for you, for sure. I'm fine. Following what we've shown you during these during these five days, and what we're what we show you in the accelerator, the, the issue at hand is that we want to, we got to make a connection with people. And we got to break down that barrier to where it's like, okay, you're this guy on the internet that nobody knows to where like, they feel like they can get to know you as their best friend that's going to help them reach their dreams. And I think that that's a big part of that as well, that's going to take people to that level with you.

[1021:46] Speaker 7: I think about the people that I've like played Dungeons and Dragons with and go and rent fairs and stuff like that, a lot of the times they want you know, like a portrait or, or something or other and they want it to look kind of like they're, you know, like they're playing against the wizard or something along those lines, you know,

[1026:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, one thing you want to show is you want to show examples of maybe some art that you or your students have created on on the forefront of the page to want to really demonstrate that to people as to like, what type of art you're helping them with.

[1029:56] Speaker 0: Yeah, I

[1030:12] Speaker 7: know, I gotta get some of my images together. I lost a lot of my portfolio, unfortunately. So a lot of my stuff is now I have to recreate some things. So yeah.

[1033:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I think you can totally do this. I think you can completely make this work. But I think it will challenge it's something that to take a shift.

[1036:11] Speaker 0: And

[1036:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think first off just seeing the value that you bring to the table for people realizing that you do have greatness inside of you. And starting to believe that yourself. I think that's going to be an important part of your journey.

[1039:52] Speaker 7: Mike impostor syndrome and battling with ADHD and everything else. Yeah, it's

[1041:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: but here's the thing about that. Almost every successful mentor has dealt with that at some time.

[1044:39] Speaker 0: Like, they've always they've dealt with that, at some level. And so it's like

[1047:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: realizing that, you know, we can either decide that that becomes, you know, a limiting part of our life a limiting part of our mindset, where we say, you know, what? Let's, let's have a growth mindset and see how can I, how can I grow in this area? To be able to, to see myself the way even that other people do you know? Is that your son that came on the screen a couple of times? Yeah. He looks up to you and sees you as a rock star. He's your his world, he thinks that you're the greatest person ever. And when we start, what do you start seeing yourself the way he does change a lot for you. And then what's gonna happen is as well, that's how your students will see you too, is with that level of greatness. So just, I have a passion for this. Because I've dealt with this myself. I dealt with a lot of self punishment, self hate. Not not liking myself not thinking that I was worth anybody listening to. And, and, and this is an area that that

[1068:55] Speaker 1: that I think it was, that was one of the biggest limiting factors for me in business was because like, I had all this value that I knew that I could help people with I had, but I didn't believe it myself. And it was really shifting and starting to truly have some compassion for myself. And then starting to see the greatness that's inside of me. That's really helped me become who I am today.

[1075:22] Speaker 0: All right. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.

[1076:46] Speaker 7: Speaking of whom he's calling me now.

[1077:43] Speaker 0: That's awesome. All right.

[1078:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pamela, this will be our last class question that we take here today. And then we will be we will be doing our

[1080:41] Speaker 0: our bonus.

[1081:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Bonus q&a Tomorrow at 2pm. Eastern 1pm. Central. And then we'll be doing it on on Tuesday next week as well. What's up, Pamela?

[1084:04] Speaker 6: Hi, Jeremy. I wanted to know, if you take another look at my landing page, I made some more changes to it. And I'm thinking about why I did this, I use part of that landing page under events on my square face website. So I want to know, if you think this is more effective, I just made all these changes. I think yesterday, I added to the changes. And I put the link to the event page too. I thought I'd put that on there. If I get any traffic to that page, I want to drive it to this free webinar, the light, use the right lane to merge onto i 64. West.

[1097:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nice, I think I think it now it flows at the level of like, really starting to like make a connection as to who you're reaching how you can help them how you can take that to that grim to that level. I just think at this point, we want to let's put it out there. Let's see how many people register for it. Let's see what kind of response you get. And then again, the biggest thing is that you want to you want to gather that feedback, you want to draw out of people, those questions of like, in their own words, what they're saying they're struggling with what they want to learn, and how they want to take what you're going to be showing them in this webinar to the next level. That's sort of the key of it, because like you have some language on this webinar. But what I want to discover, and I'm really curious, even myself is what's beyond this language right here. Once you get these people in front of you, what are they saying when they start opening up with you as far as what they're struggling what their problems are, and things like that and started starting to talk with them. And so I love this, that you have the testimony here. One thing though, is on desktop, it still looks like it's it's not aligning the image right over here. So just

[1115:28] Speaker 0: be aware of that.

[1115:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's pulling this image at the top here and it's making it filled the whole screen. So just be careful with that. But I think as far as like getting this to a place where let's put this out there and test it out. I think it's at that place now. Where real The next level of data is, are people going to respond to this offer with you? Are they going to sign up with it? I would reiterate at the bottom here, the date and time of what it is at the bottom of the page here. I love again that you got these testimonies that that alone is going to be helpful for you. And I'm really curious to see how this how this turns out for you.

[1126:32] Speaker 6: Okay, okay. Thank you, because I do have people that gave me other testimonies. I had one lady to tell me yesterday that she got off her insulin.

[1129:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nice. Yeah. Add that. Add those in there. For sure. Add any testimonies you got on there.

[1131:51] Speaker 0: All right. Awesome.

[1132:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Well, hey, listen, thanks for being here. This has been great. Again, you guys know where to find the accelerator. It's over at my website. We'll send you a link to it. Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash accelerator. The enrollment period does close down on Tuesday, August 22. We'll be doing our bonus training tomorrow at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central and they will be doing another bonus training on Tuesday at that same time. And for those you I will see you there. For those that are in the accelerator, I'll see you on our live accelerator call. Have a good one, everybody.

