2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-11-21T21:09:01.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: p5TF-4wGpMCd9OvmawdpHH8QpV0
---

[0:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right. All right, everybody shaved up the face a little bit. Y'all are watching the recording here. Let's get the broadcast going. We're gonna go. I don't want to do that just yet. Nobody's jumped on. Go into restream here. Do invite copy invite link.

[8:31] Speaker 0: So I like to stream it out. So a little bit different little different

[10:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: bonus q&a to when no one else live on zoom here. Here's the link, we're gonna paste it. Paste it in and we're gonna go live in this group, this group, this group, this group want to update it. Ask me anything, post your questions. Boom. Okay, and we're gonna go live zoom are you to let's do do the Grow Your Life Group. Let's do Facebook page. We'll risk it will risk it it's a little risky to do that. But that's okay. And why is it risky? Because anybody can pop up they finally publicly so that can sometimes be a little bit risky. All right, we are on we are live. We are broadcasting. Let's bring up a few people. We just got two people right now. On for the q&a. What's up? Fernanda? What's up? Cassandra, how are you? And we got Edna coming in as well. Fernanda Cassandra, and Edna. How are you?

[33:24] Speaker 1: Good. How are you?

[33:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. I like the tile floor you got and then the arch behind you is that uh, is that actually more? Is that a background?

[36:06] Speaker 1: No, in my office.

[37:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was like, you know, it looks so perfect. It's like, you know, could be beautiful. Nice. Like, it's kind of like, looks like a Spanish little bit.

[39:33] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's Spanish tiles.

[40:04] Speaker 0: Very cool.

[40:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, hey, well, this is our open q&a asked me anything. As everyone knows, you know, we just finished our five day intensive today's the last day to watch those recordings. Today is also the last day to enroll in the accelerator program. Some people have asked, Are we doing a Black Friday sale for the accelerator? No, we are not, this is the lowest price it's going to be. So it's not like tomorrow, there's gonna be an even cheaper price or anything like that. We're not doing that. If anything, were Black Friday, I think I'm gonna do like a just like a little $5 bundle for people on my email list. Something really cheap that we'll send out to people. To engage with people. That's what I like to do for Black Friday, something really low cost under under 10 bucks. Anyways, listen, if you've got any questions, raise your hand. Again. There's only three of us here. So I guess we could start with Fernando, if you want to ask a question. Since you're up here on the screen.

[55:18] Speaker 1: Well, thank you, I think the world of you, I think you're awesome. I've seen some of your videos. And I've been on a journey with God. And I know you're a Christian. So my thing is, I created a course I did the chat TPT I have it ready to go the websites up. But what I struggle is I hear that when you do launches, your revenue goes up, then you stop and you do launches. It's like a yo yo and better than go over and create an evergreen system. So I don't know,

[63:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah, I'm all I'm all about the Evergreen system and doing that and breaking out of the launch cycle what I have found, and this is just in my experience of kind of doing this for so long as Yeah, that up and down revenue is is difficult. In the beginning, before you get clients the dream is the Evergreen, the consistent the revenue coming in and stuff like that, is I like the hybrid where you kind of you start off and I think you do have to do let me break it down. If I if we if we didn't do the launch cycle and we went evergreen, there's two things that usually happen when people are first starting out. Number one, their sales are usually a lot lower. Because of there's not that personal touch that's there. The second part of it is if you do a membership model, because what I have is kind of like a membership where you can pay for 12 months, and you can continue after a year after that. So that creates consistent revenue. So like I can take off a month and we're still really profitable as far as that goes. was, the problem with that is, is that initially when you're just starting out your revenue may not be at the point where you can really afford to like run advertising and do stuff like that. And so what I've seen that a lot of people do is they'll start out with doing the launch model a few times to get their revenue up to get the testimonies to get the case studies and stuff like that, and then transition into an evergreen model, once they start to get some of that data going, and I find that that feels best to me, that's what I've always done. And that's what we've seen happen the most. And so, again, you don't have to do it that route, if you don't go that route, your revenue is usually going to be a lot slower. Whereas the launch model, if you know how to balance your income, you can do like a little bit of revenue, okay, now you want to make sure that's gonna sustain us for the next couple of months. And then we're going to do this and then we sort of turn it into the Evergreen model as things start really staying consistent. And that's how I like to recommend people do it. Okay,

[96:31] Speaker 1: thank you. That makes sense. Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. Although God told me to put a hold on the whole project. I was ready to go. But yeah, so there's some process there for me be gone. But it makes sense. Thank you for that. Question.

[101:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. Cassandra, what's going on?

[102:20] Speaker 3: Hey, hello, hello, Listen, can you tell me a little bit more about the launch bottle is that is that different from what you normally do, or I hadn't heard you really say that term, the launch model, it's

[106:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: more of a term that is become something in the online marketing space. And the idea behind a launch model is that you do these big launches that you build up to, I don't necessarily even subscribe to that very much, I still do more like a hybrid, that is all more about long term, nurturing trust and connecting with people. And so like a big launch model is like you get all these affiliates. And you build it up for like, a month or two, all this hype, and then you launch a program, and then the doors close to that program. And that's where all your revenue comes from. I borrow from some of the principles of the launch model. But I still prefer more of a hybrid, where you are consistently connecting with your audience, and you're building an audience and moving into something that has consistent revenue with a membership, where you make like monthly revenue off of and people are able to pay monthly, versus just this one time, big thing. And now you got to create another thing. That's the other side of the traditional launch model two that I think that I don't like, is for me, I sell one program all the time. And so if I might do a webinar or something like that, and we may open the doors to that, I'm still just selling the one program that people come into. So I don't have to create a whole new program, every time that I quote, unquote, open the doors and do stuff like that. So again, I'm, I guess you could say what I do, and even back to like what Fernando was saying, was asking, it's not necessarily the traditional launch model, I'm not a fan of the traditional launch model, either. And the traditional launch model can make you like three to four times the revenue in one stint. But the amount of work involved is usually exponentially greater than what we usually have people do. And so I prefer more of the model where you only work five to 10, maybe 15 hours a week, and getting to where you're working less hours, not more, to make more money, this whole idea that like we actually spend less of our time working. And that is actually what produces a more positive result is really a foundation to what I what I want to teach people and help people with because I don't think it's sustainable to have to pour all of these hours into a business. Just to keep it afloat. I just don't think that that's going to be something that's sustainable for most people. I think that if you can find it to where you were you you get to put in the minimum amount of hours and get the most return out of it. Because there's also diminishing returns that happened to that. That's where the foundations of what I teach are. So again, if we're talking about that's why I actually don't talk about a traditional launch model Cassandra, okay, that's what we do isn't necessarily, it wouldn't necessarily fit into that I use the word launch. When it comes to like because we're working with a lot of beginners. If you're a beginner, you got a brand new course, you're brand new. The word there's not much of a better word than out there than launch. But again, what I teach is Very it's a, it's a, it's a unique take that I've developed over the years that is very different than the traditional launch model that I find has a lot more.

[162:57] Speaker 3: Why want to do you think is best I have new, I am new. Yeah, I do want to get something up as quick as possible, at least before the week, you know, the week of Christmas or before that we last

[166:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing, though some event hosts some kind of an event on Zoom, and have something that you're going to sell for 300 to $1,000, pick whichever price point kind of feels really good for you. And then you can do like a four week or a six week or an eight week training to kind of see what kind of response you get from people connect with people see what kind of feedback and questions they have. And that is really what I like as far as like the initial stages, somebody's just starting out. And then that sort of pours into us optimizing that one idea and making it as profitable as possible, which then morphs into a membership over time. Again, I've seen people launch a membership from day one, the problem with that as a membership is great, but if it's $97 a month, you only get 10 people, you're only making $1,000 a month. So that becomes really hard in the beginning, if you're only doing 10 people, whereas if you do 10 People at $1,000, you made $10,000 Right there. So it's the it's, I really do prioritize cash flow as a big part of this as well for beginners. I

[184:59] Speaker 3: love that. I absolutely love that. Okay, so So, so help me with this. But what I was mentioning to you yesterday, I'm having trouble. Like, you know, I have the exact names of the courses that I want. I put the exact name in the course area, and it doesn't bring it up. I'm not sure what's going on. And I can't seem to bring up the exam right now. I want exactly horses. You know, I think I mentioned on successful webinar. Because once I do host the event, then do I do a webinar or event I'm hosting instant webinar,

[195:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: the best one to start with is gonna be the six figures as a coach, the event you host is going to be the webinar. Yeah. So in here, mind is Do you see these courses when you log in?

[198:56] Speaker 3: Yeah, but I didn't see the six figures. I didn't see the six figures I didn't

[200:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: go through some of the pages to. So

[201:00] Speaker 3: what do you mean by scroll through the pages?

[201:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you see these? Right here?

[202:36] Speaker 3: Um, where are you pointing to four numbers? Okay, I have

[203:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: the numbers at the bottom here.

[204:12] Speaker 3: Okay. Yeah, that's okay. I want to take that. Yeah.

[205:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are classes. So you just got to scroll through the pages of the classes, and then you'll find this one right here. So then that's this one. Okay.

[207:51] Speaker 3: Yeah. Yeah, and then the successful, I'm sorry. And then the six figures, a class I want to take that are, those are two main ones I need to kind of get me up and running. Or

[211:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: get up and running, it really depends on go through the six steps to six figures, and what you want to identify as, what are the stages that maybe you're stuck at. Okay, because you're gonna want to write your sales copy, create a landing page. And so like, let's like, let's break this down as a as a beginner, is we got to have some kind of a page, a landing page where people sign up to your email list. And then this tells them to join you on Saturday at 1230 At this time, over on Zoom. So then you host the Zoom call, because you got them on your email list. And in there is where you then can, like do a presentation to sell them on what you're selling on the back end. So it's really building out that landing page is going to be probably your first step and then mapping out what you're going to sell.

[226:29] Speaker 3: Okay, I'm really replicating basically what you're doing. I love personal development. But then, so if I'm making a I want to put what do you suggest I'm thinking about putting the in the title somewhere just because I don't have a title. I'm just going to use yours for example put beginners I forget the name of yours course. Is it CG something CGA course

[235:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: was called the client growth accelerator program, right? Okay, client, start and grow your six figure coaching business. Okay,

[238:04] Speaker 3: that's fine growth. I'm just using it as an example. That's all. So if I use say for instance, now Unlike client growth accelerator, you excute think I should put the beginners at the front of it beginners client growth or client beginner growth? What do you think to catch capture their attention? Best? I should put that as the first name, beginners, or new newcomers or I don't know. I don't know,

[246:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: what are we? What are you trying to accomplish with that?

[247:28] Speaker 3: Okay, what I'm trying to accomplish? If I'm doing a replica of what you do, I'm going to teach people that are interested in becoming a coach. And the beginning, since I'm a beginner, I thought it would be good for me to basically replicate what I need.

[252:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, so yeah, so how to start a how to start a course and coaching business. That's,

[254:00] Speaker 3: so uses word wording more like that? How to Start versus?

[255:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Because what you're doing is, is in the copy, it's going to be around, it's going to be geared towards beginners, as far as the name of it will be something like about what the actual outcome is, and the end the result that they're going to get.

[259:29] Speaker 3: So the outcome, and results in the name, okay, well, we're not running.

[260:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of these tests you'll want to do is to be able to do that with people is you will want to, you know, as well, as you get started yourself, you're gonna get way more clear on how to explain all of this to other people. Does that make sense? Yeah. So the more you do it yourself, it's all gonna make way more sense how you explain it to other people. Because otherwise, you're more just trying to like, make it fit what you want to do. But it that's, that doesn't, I don't always see that work out very well, like, you want to pull from your experience as well in this

[270:41] Speaker 3: right, right. Yeah, I actually was working on you, when you said you, when you do your storytelling, you said you want to use the hook, what were the other, you say those a framework inside the group to figure out how to present your, you know, tell your story or something like that. I'll

[276:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: figure out how to sell how to tell your story.

[276:55] Speaker 3: Yeah, is that what it's called,

[277:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, helped me again, help me understand what you mean by that, like a framework. So like, a big part of it is the sales copy, the words that you use that are on the landing page as a course, Oh, that'll be in the sales copy. Pretty Yeah, sales, copy, mastery is how you do that. And then in the so there's a difference between, I think this is where, let's talk about this, you got your landing page, and then you'll have the actual presentation that you're going to deliver on Zoom, those are sort of two separate things, because the landing page is all written with the written word. So that sales copy that's written out. Whereas if it's a webinar, or challenge, or presentation, or you're even doing it on the phone, that's verbal versus written. And so the way that you verbally present, it's a different skill set than how you do the written word. And so we teach you both of those, as you get people from the ads with the written word and a short ad video, that's like 60 seconds long on your email list, but then you do present to them on video or verbally in some way, you're going to present to them what you're actually selling. And so those are kind of two different ways of presenting your story as far as that goes. And it's really not necessarily always your story, it's usually going to be the story of the person that you're looking to reach. What is their experience? And how does it correlate to show because what you want to demonstrate is that you understand where somebody else is coming from. Right,

[302:28] Speaker 3: right. And so basically, I believe, some people that I've talked to you that my story is the story of a lot of people and deal with a lot of stuff you were talking about, especially fear imposter syndrome, right? Yeah, right, getting unstuck. Those are the kinds of things that have helped me. And so that's where I'm trying to figure out exactly which videos to watch initially in in your accelerator six

[311:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: years.

[311:31] Speaker 3: Okay, the six

[312:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we designed that specifically for that reason. And we just added a checklist in there have to do which is really cool.

[314:40] Speaker 3: So the checklist is in the video. It's

[315:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: underneath the video. So you'll scroll down a video and you'll find the checklists that you can follow. And so what it is, is basically it's a checklist of all the stuff that I break down in the video. We didn't have that a couple of weeks ago. I just added that because I think it's I think it's a great help to everybody to see a checklist of all the steps that I break down. So yes,

[321:04] Speaker 3: okay. And then once I do that, you're saying I better understand where I need to go from there. Next steps for me. Okay. And then the landing page. So another sales copy is going to be written by the AI. So once I do that, that's when I approach someone about doing my landing page.

[327:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Builder yourself, or you can find somebody that can help you with that. Yeah.

[328:24] Speaker 3: Oh, you have instructions how to do the landing page in there, too. Yeah,

[329:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's all in there. Definitely.

[330:15] Speaker 3: You mean, and the shells in the six steps for beginners are

[330:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of it is in there. But there's also we have two courses. One is called funnel building for Squarespace. And another one's called landing page blueprint. So that really breaks down how to actually structure that as well. So we've kind of broken that out if you really want to dive deep into any of those nuances. Is we teach it?

[336:06] Speaker 3: Yeah. Okay. Maybe initially, I'll have someone else do that. Because, you know, my learning curve is,

[339:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, now focus on focus on the teaching and the coaching, for sure. All right. I'm gonna hop on over to somebody else here real quick. No problem. One question, Liz. Liz just asked what time is the kickoff session tomorrow, it's at 4pm, Eastern 3pm. Central, it'll be about two hours long. It will also be, it'll be recorded, I'm going to teach it live, we're going to I'm going to be do some teaching some q&a. And then we'll kind of go back and forth kind of bouncing off of any sort of questions that then come up from there. And so that'll be tomorrow, and email should go out in the next hour. So I think we scheduled it for right around two or three o'clock that will actually have that Zoom link. And it's also in the Facebook group. So we always post everything in the Facebook group. When people join the program, that's where you want to jump into is the Facebook group. And that's where there's a lot of like interaction, that I would say the Facebook group is probably the number one value of the program, because it's sort of a hub. And you get to ask me any questions on the fly throughout the week, things like that. We just had a great session yesterday, a q&a, where I actually help somebody who was completely stuck, amazing lady in our group, her name, Sue, I love her to death. She's incredible. I don't like the term love her to death. I love her to life, because I want her to just live a long, incredible life, right? I want to speak nice affirmations over people. Anyways. And so she was stuck getting a video to work for her ads. And I said, Hey, let's pull this up on screen. Let's look at this. And we found out it had to do with our Dropbox was set up, and all that and just like 10 minutes, we were able to help her with that. And so again, in the Facebook group and on the live calls and things like that, we're able to do that, to find the group. There's a link that will be sent to you in the email that'll have that it's called the CG members group. And so that's what that's what it is, you'll be able to find it. There's an email that we sent to you when you signed up for the accelerator that'll have that link to it as well. So all right, Ed, what's up, Ed? How are you man?

[373:04] Speaker 4: Good. How you doing, buddy? Good. Okay, quick question on the so is the time going to be the same every week is uh, is it going to be on 4pm? You know, every week, what day is I guess I'm trying to figure out what

[377:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: the No, that's the that's the Jumpstart kickstart is is that the sessions are at 11am, central time noon, Eastern on Mondays. And so on Monday, it's the same time every week, we meet from noon Eastern and we'll go two hours yesterday, we went three hours just because I was I had some time. So it was like, instead of me meeting every day with people, we kind of chunk it into one day where and we have some people that came in on the in the second hour or at the end of even the second hour to ask their question. So that gives some flexibility there. We record all of those sessions. So that's every Monday from noon, to usually 1:32pm. Eastern Eastern time. And then once a week or once a month, we do a live copywriting and ad review. That's about two hours. That's from noon to 2pm on the second Thursday of every month. And so we have a calendar inside of the group that has all these dates in there all the times ahead of time we try to have it all a month out that people can review and then we send emails out to all the members as long as you don't unsubscribe from that list. You'll get an email sent to you usually the day before and about an hour before any of the actual class sessions that are in the accelerator to

[399:55] Speaker 4: okay So it sounds like you kind of go over some things in the main weekly session, let's say, I was running an ad or had questions about like the numbers and or something like is all these things that people bring up during the they

[403:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: do? Yeah, they do. But they also post them in the Facebook group throughout the week, too. And that's why I said, the Facebook group itself as a 24/7 kind of thing, as well that you can post in it's, it's an, it's open. I remember, there's maybe 5% of the posts I delete, because it's like, okay, this isn't really relevant to the group. But about 95% of the posts. We keep in there, because it's a really, it's just questions that people are asking about whether it be their ads, their landing page, they're stuck on something with the tech. And then generally, I'll respond back. I'll give you their feedback and answer the question, or I'll ask another question, to see if we can get more clarity, I may ask you, Hey, can you record a quick video to show me what you're talking about? If it's technical, things like that, but it's really great. As far as getting the Facebook group, it gives us the opportunity to go beyond just those weekly calls and to give you on the fly access to answers.

[419:16] Speaker 4: Okay, thank you. And then as far as budgeting goes for stuff, do we need to have a special equipment? Like, you'll have to go out and get a special camera to film like you're doing for your, your webinars or anything like that? And then what's the minimum? Budget you would say somebody could start with on Facebook ads?

[424:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the minimum budget that I think that people can start with with the Facebook ads? Is and Cassandra here, here's, I'm gonna send you just a private chat with that link right here. I'll send one over to to Liz as well. I just checked to you shouldn't have any trouble getting in here. I know you were having some trouble before with some of these. Okay, so the budget for cameras, honestly, I recommend people just use whatever equipment that you want to use. So I use that like more than inexpensive stuff on Amazon. For the purpose that I want to show. You don't need a big budget for equipment. So I got like a $30, light $30 Camera $100 microphone, I will say invest a little bit into a nice mic. Because the sound quality is is that people like that, like I think my sound quality sounds really good. Could my camera quality be a little bit better? Sure. But I think it's I think it's fine. As far as that goes. And then for like for Facebook ads, if we're talking about Facebook ads budgeting, to start, I recommend people do about two to $300 per campaign to test out because that's going to help you kind of get the ball rolling with your campaign. And then for some of the software tools that also comes in the right around 200 to $300 a month, usually for all the different software stuff that's going to help you out.

[446:49] Speaker 4: So if you if you do the minimums like that, you're just gonna get an idea whether people are responding to the ad. And then if you obviously want more leads, and you gotta ramp up the budget, right,

[450:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Well, and it's really, it's not necessarily the leads, it's as profitable, because what we like to do is I want I want it to usually be profitable within 21 days of us getting a lead. And so if it's not, we're going to keep the budget where it's at and keep testing till it gets profitable. Generally, it's, we don't necessarily see people to where they lose money on their ads. If they do, there's a really good positive to that if you lose money in your ads, that's a really good sign that it's just your copies wrong. And so with that, it's like, let's go back to the drawing board and change all of this. And then it'll usually pop really well. But generally, I see people make like most of the time with their paid ads. The worst case scenario, as they break even they make back what they put into the ads, because when they follow this process, the sales do come in from that. And then what I like to see people do is to where it's actually a profit on their ads. So when when stuff gets profitable, it usually ramps up pretty quick to where they might spend $300 on the ads, and it might bring in like five to 6000 in sales. And so now what I recommend is take like 1000 of that and run that as your budget and see if that generates you 10 to 15k. Take that now let's do 2500 As your budget now, if that keeps me unprofitable. And what I like to do is there's usually the next breaking point is I like to tell people add about 50% to your budget each time till your profit margin starts to dip and usually most of the time, people's margins will dip around 10k a month in ad spend. And that's where it's like okay, we got a whole other scenario of how do we optimize past 10k a month and that becomes A lot of like our messaging and as far as that goes, because what I have seen is at 10k a month, once they go and spend 15 to 20k, it doesn't necessarily produce that bigger return, and it starts to almost become a loss at that point. And that's the interesting breaking point, like per campaign. So it's like, okay, let's do 10k on this campaign, let's do 5k on this one. And that's usually where I see people then end up branching out to doing more offers to where they might do a webinar or twice a month instead of once a month. Or they might do how I'm doing I'll do it even three times a month. Because the reason I do it three times a month is the more I reach people, the more touch points I have on that side, the better return I get on my ad spend overall. So yeah, I already

[492:40] Speaker 4: have an offer. And I've already proof of concept on it. If you

[494:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a proven offer that's profitable, then you're you're you're ahead of everything I just said.

[496:05] Speaker 4: I just don't haven't done the answer yet. And yeah,

[496:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I guess, proof of concept, here's what we run into with that is if you got an offer, it's proof of concept you want to think a little bit about Okay. Because I always I always personalized, if people are buying from you these are these are not just a number like these are real human beings that have goals, emotions, feel like I take it personally, everybody who joins my program, I really, really do to get to know everybody to understand them, what are they going through? And so for that, what I look at is okay, What process did they go to go through to make that buying decision. And so now that's what I want to go find people at scale, to take them basically through a similar process. And so if I'm able to close sales, with a proof of concept group of people now what I want to do is I want to go see if I can go find 100 to 200 people and convert them to sales as well, depending on how much those people knew you if they were cold with a cold prospects, or did they know you for a while? They were warm there. Okay? Yeah, so warm prospects are always going to be way easier to convert, sir. But here's the cool part. What what the way our system is designed is essentially warming up cold prospects, you know, is turning cold prospects into warm and hot prospects. And that can that can take some time to do you know, again, an example of this is like, I've seen you on a few of our Q and A's and stuff. And I'm not I again, you can tell like I'm not pushy at all, on any of them. But it's like because I want to I want to keep connecting, that's my goal is connecting to help to help you get your your questions answered. So I always come to the table with how do I increase that connection? And what I found is more often than not, that pays me results way better than anything else. So All right. Cool. Yeah. Very cool. Thank

[530:39] Speaker 4: you appreciate it.

[530:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. You know, I had a client of mine, Don, there was a great example of this show, her company she worked for was warming people up for her. So she only ever talked to warm prospects. And she had no problem closing them. When they came to her. Basically, she was just the closer and her company was really like the sales team. I told her okay, what we got to do is I got to figure out what what is your company doing that you're working for. And let's figure out how you can basically do the same thing with people online at scale where you warm people up. And that was a bit of a challenge for her like the for about six to 12 months, because she had to really like reverse engineer what her company was doing that warmed people up. And it finally got to like it was actually she was over analyzing the process. And it was way simpler than she thought. I told her I said, take a look at because I found out they were all going through a presentation that her company was hosting. And I said, Well, are you hosting a similar presentation to what they're doing? She's like, No, I'm not. I'm like, Oh, well, then you need to do exactly the same type of presentation they're doing. It was a presentation on having more energy for working professional women. And as soon as she ran a presentation, I'm having more energy for working professional women. Boom, sales started to come in. So I was like, like, it's funny. It's like,

[551:30] Speaker 4: I kind of have a process that I could follow you. Yeah, I was like, I was like,

[552:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was like, if you can just kind of bottle up that experience of taking people from cold to warming them up. And then you know, the optimization processes, we kind of how do we shrink that timeline? You know, how do you do it? How do you how do you build trust? It's the it's the age old question is how do you build trust with a complete stranger in less time because that is what helps scale things as far as that goes. And that's good. Sales and Marketing does. And especially if you're somebody that's also selling something ethically with integrity, you're honest. That's a great thing to know how to do, because now you can become really profitable and people. Oh,

[563:49] Speaker 4: I know what to ask you. So it was an eight week offer, but I want to figure out a way to structure it. So it's ongoing enrollment, kind of like you're doing with yours only. Yeah. I don't know how to do that right now. Basically, like, like how to coordinate that or what the wording is for that, because it can be confusing. If some people are coming into the middle of a class, I just have a Yeah,

[571:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's I have gotten this one thing where we did an eight week offer. And then we enrolled people in at the middle of the class, but we were able to kind of, like tell them, Okay, some of y'all are in at week five, some of y'all are on week one and sort of onboard them at that different stage, by having supporting materials that could kind of onboard them at that time. Eventually, and this was a model, again, we did this, I've done this like four times with four different people. So again, if I tell stories about like other people's businesses is because we successfully did this with them. We did this with my mom, she would always sell these 12 week programs. And then we finally just put them all into a member's area. And we sold it just join this members area that has all these different classes that you can go through at your own pace. And then we just had one weekly call where we would meet with everybody weekly. So that's the model that I have right now is I have, you know, on top of the live trainings and the interaction, we have this library of classes that I think are some of the best classes that are out there that really dive deep into the specifics that people have questions about. And the way I come up with the content for those classes is, if we're hosting Monday calls, and I get the same question from like four or five people, I'm going to now make that a four to six week class that I'm going to take the whole group through. And I pre record that and we deliver I the way I do it is I deliver one lesson a week over the course of six weeks to the group. So like right now we're teaching Facebook pixel, and I'm starting a zoom class, all just about zoom, and how to use Zoom zoom just added a feature where you can actually host pre recorded webinars straight in zoom itself. Really cool. You know, you basically you record it in zoom, and then you can play it back at any time. So you could actually do it live on like three different days. And it can be a recording that maybe you did a week before, but you got three different times that people could come in for the session, and do it that way. And it's all in zoom, which is really cool. So we're gonna teach how to do all that here in the next month in a class. And those classes are really just kind of like a bonus on top of all the time that we have in the group, because it's just it's a library of content. We got transcripts. Yeah,

[609:58] Speaker 4: I have a library now. So that's kind of the exciting thing about the first group. So I could actually different day like I could, I could have, you know, one class starting on one day, and then next month? Yeah, have a habit? Yeah,

[614:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely. You know, another great way to do that, you can have alternating days, you could also have alternating times, the first group is at 1pm, the second groups at 2pm. And then eventually, we want to just bring that into were you because otherwise that creates more working hours for you. We want to bring that into where it's way less working hours. And you design it how we have or maybe you have like one day a week where you do a live training, you got some pre recorded sessions in a library that you refer people to. And that can be a growing library, kind of like a Netflix type of a thing for people. But then you're engaging on the q&a calls and learning kind of how to lead and direct the group across that. Here's one downside to that. And this is the only kind of negative feedback I've gotten people about my program, I really have only one negative thing I ever hear from people. There's too much training in there. And I say, Well, here's the thing. If I had less training, people be complaining that we didn't teach enough, so I'm not going to have less training in there. What I have is I got a flagship course called the six steps to six figures where I think everybody needs to start. And then that directs you to the different other classes. And then if you're stuck on a certain thing asked me say, Hey, I'm stuck on this part of the process. Nine times out of 10 we already created a class about that specific area, or there's a lesson that's in one of the classes you just need to go through the one lesson you don't even need to go through the whole class.

[637:53] Speaker 4: So how many modules is that one?

[638:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like the six steps to six figures has six modules. As far as that goes. We got to come Last one of them, it's like a really kind of niche class, it's a little bit more advanced, it's called a friendly follow up how to nurture your subscribers. So that one's all about, like when you got an email list, but you got people who haven't bought from you, how do you continue to nurture that relationship. And there's a lesson in there about if your sales dip to where maybe you had a really successful offer. And now it's not as successful what to do to actually strengthen it. And so again, that's like a very specific type of class right there for somebody who's at that stage, but we found there was like eight of our members that they were like, Hey, I had a lot of success. I got a huge email list, but nobody's buying from me, what do I do? And so I'm like, okay, that's the class for you at that stage. You know, and so that's that's kind of how that how that works. As far as that goes. I found though, that's why we added that we're adding checklist to every class now. And I think that the checklist there at a glance, you're able to basically go through the checklist, and see, okay, here's where I'm at right now, here's what I need to do next. And I think that that can really simplify all this stuff, I'll kind of I'll show you what the checklist looks like for one of these classes here that we

[660:25] Speaker 4: thought about doing what you're saying you do for your program. But the other comment that you made to somebody else, for when you're in the beginning, you need the cash flow, you know, to start.

[663:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Definitely. So right here, this is a four lesson class right here. And we originally we had these like lesson summaries, you can read basically, it's this, I have the AI just generate the summary off the transcript. Here's a fully unedited transcript. If you're a fast reader, this is a goldmine for you. And then what we're adding in as I have a, I take the transcript, and it's generating these checklists, basically what I taught in the lesson, so the difference between coaching groups and one on one sales, group sales versus one on one, different books that I recommend, what you're aiming for to do, ensuring that they're qualified as far as that goes, here's this one right here. It's broken down into pre one on one call preparation checklist, study these different techniques, learn about this, what to do during the call, POST call checklists, mindset and attitude checklist. So we got each of the different classes, we're breaking down them into these simple, easy to follow sort of text lists that accompany these 30 minute videos that are in there. And so I think that that's gonna really help simplify things for everybody. Where do you host your videos? Think if ik.com Okay, so I use think if ik.com. And that is, it's basically it's an it's a learning management system. And they create the link select when you go over to my site right here. Oops, actually, let me do a an oh, man, I don't know if you're gonna see,

[689:12] Speaker 4: because I was using Wistia. But they have a cap on how many you can do. Right?

[690:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So get so check this out. There's a hilarious part about Thinkific. Thinkific is built on Wistia. It actually uses Wistia as its video hosting. Oh, wait, that's gonna give you unlimited video hosting in Thinkific, as far as that goes, so anyways, like if you go to my site right here, and you enroll in my accelerator program. This this is on Squarespace right here, like my main site, and all my landing pages are on Squarespace. Okay, but then when you go to join the program, this is actually Thinkific that it's going to redirect you to because the URL change to members dot. And so think if it gives you these checkout pages, they manage the access that people get to the classes, they manage the back end, and they put it into those easy to follow, like lesson structure as well. So that's why I like Thinkific for that there's a few

[704:31] Speaker 4: because you don't have to go to a SIM card for a checkout page or something. Right? Yeah,

[705:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And again, Sam cart is another I've seen some of the new stuff they've added to Sam cart, they're really turning it into a pretty cool platform. You know, I had a little bit of a problem with Sam cart years ago. But I've liked, I've seen how they have like, really spent time to optimize what they're doing. I know. So some people that have had a lot of great success with SamCart, too. So again, platform wise, there's a ton of platforms out there. You know, we don't want to get caught up into like bouncing from platform to platform. You can make any platform profitable for you. I know people that they use a platform called podia. It's one of the simplest ones that's out there to set up and they're profitable as well. So again, it's your sales copy. It's your presentation. It's all of that that really is going to make you the money the platform is more about what's easiest for you to use.

[720:49] Speaker 4: I'm using systemically but they don't have.

[721:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've heard good things about them too. And

[722:30] Speaker 4: there are many Click Funnels kind of a European version of Click Funnels. Yeah. And

[723:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're a little bit cheaper too. I've

[724:19] Speaker 4: heard you can start off for free. And then yeah,

[725:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've heard some good things about systemic. I want to I want to jump in and actually, quite a few of our members are even using that. I want to jump into play around with that again, there's go high level, there's Click Funnels. Kajabi, Thinkific. Oh, my gosh.

[729:02] Speaker 4: You got to pay cards. Just came out with a webinar authority.

[729:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Yeah. kartra. Exactly. Yep. So again,

[731:34] Speaker 4: beginners, it's cheap. It's good. It's like,

[732:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, Fernanda asked about Wix. Wix is another one. Yep. They all they all work, they all can do what you need them to do. So what I recommend is, if you're familiar with one platform, I would stick with what you're familiar with, is what I always recommend people do if your baby don't know any platform, I find for beginners that don't have a lot of tech skill. If they're like, not very tech savvy, Squarespace is one of the easiest, because it's like it's just, it's so easy to set up pages in Squarespace without any technical knowledge, more than any other platform that I've seen out there. And so that's why i That's why I recommend Squarespace for beginners, because we have a lot of beginners. And so but again, yeah, Wix can work for you. Well, I will say one platform I don't like is WordPress, but I do know how to make it work. The reason I don't like WordPress is it can break things a lot more often. We had one of our clients on the group yesterday. She's like, I'm in WordPress. And like, I had to take like 30 minutes to walk through, like everything that was broken on the back end, just to make things work. So yeah, I've had more problems with WordPress than any other platform. WordPress used to be the only thing that was out there. 15 years ago, we built everything on WordPress. It's

[753:37] Speaker 4: good for blogging, from what I understand. But yeah, it's actually I mean, it

[754:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: is really good if you have like a development team, and a full time developer and coder that's doing everything. It really is, though, like for most people that are solopreneurs it's way too much. So there's a lot better stuff out there now for the solopreneur. and I

[759:27] Speaker 4: are thanks appreciate. Yeah.

[760:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, hey, we got a little bit more time here. If anybody's got any other questions, let me know. Just kind of where you're where you're at where you're coming from we got Corey Karina on here. Gosh, I'm gonna mess of these names up. Nein, nein, nein, nein Edna Obasi. Couple people. Anyways, raise your hand if you gotta if you got a question, if you want to ask anything.

[768:17] Speaker 3: Can I just jump in real quick? One more question real quick. What is the timeframe? For me to to? You know, what you just suggested for me to get started with? What are you thinking that timeframe for me to actually, you know, to to get something running? Did you? Do you put a timeframe of like, what did she take? Yeah,

[774:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would recommend so there's something that I think is powerful is when we sort of, oh, gosh, so here's, this is a whole lesson in and of itself. And I'm really passionate about this. One of the problems with being an entrepreneur and running your own business is that we don't have a boss or a manager making sure that we're actually doing everything on time. Right, we got to be that for ourselves and sort of self constrain ourselves to get stuff done. And so what I recommend, especially I would say like as a beginner, is each of the six steps, maybe give yourself a week or two for each step. But if you're taking longer than two weeks, it's usually because we're either procrastinating maybe stuff came up, I get it with the holidays. So give yourself some grace, definitely with the holidays or like, you know, for me, my baby was born. So I gave myself a whole month for certain stuff. Oh,

[789:19] Speaker 3: for sure life happened.

[790:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's like, you know, as far as like on a normal timeframe for beginners, a week to two weeks for each of the steps. So like you already kind of know what your niche is. So for your sales copy no more, you should have your sales copy done within a week or two weeks, you should have your landing page done within that time. You should have ads up and running. Now here's the thing, when you get really good at it timeframe wise. Because we've gotten this down to a system in my business, you can spin up an entire funnel and get the ads up in less than three days. Whoa, no, I Can I can literally come up with an idea for a webinar and have ads running within three days. And I'm not even the one building it, my team is building it. And so and so, because because we do want to, we want to build it, and then we test it, we actually test it three times. The reason why is because there's usually something part of the problem that people have, too is when you build a webinar, you build a funnel, you build a landing page, all of that. There's usually always something that's broken. So we have I got, I have three people myself, and I got to other people that test each of our funnels, and I do the final test after they write off on it. And even then I'll find something or a mistake or something that's off, and I'll be like, alright, here, we got to fix this. Let's make sure to fix this next time, things like that. And so testing is really important. And so we give ourselves at least a day and a half for testing. And then about a day and a half to just build it all out. So but again, in the beginning, and then if you don't have a team and stuff like that, give yourself a you know, a couple of weeks on that for sure.

[818:15] Speaker 3: Oh, I see. Okay. So

[819:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: it turned it into like, like, like McDonald's, like we can crank out a hamburger and you know,

[821:18] Speaker 3: I pray to do that real soon. So, so if I get someone to do my ads, I mean, I'm going to try to do on myself, but if I do

[824:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: the work yourself, for sure.

[825:26] Speaker 3: Okay. So even if I get someone, just know the basics of how to post, you're gonna

[827:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to understand how it all works. Because here's what I've seen most of the time, especially if somebody has somebody running their ads, and they don't understand how it works is it can really cause problems if it's like either set up wrong, or they're not working right. And so even if you are outsourcing, you're gonna want to at least understand how all the steps are outsourcing work. You don't need to be an expert in them, but it helps you kind of know how to direct the team better, for sure.

[834:18] Speaker 3: Okay, all right. I'll keep you posted. Thank you.

[835:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Fernanda, when we had the landing page, a webinar page up, do you give us a funnel that works. So we can copy and edit an email campaign, the wording that works, we can automate it for the year helped me understand that a little bit. Because here's the, here's the part about that is I would not recommend taking one piece of sales copy and one thing and then automating it for the whole year. Because after a couple of months of doing that, the sales usually start to decrease. Okay, this like,

[845:10] Speaker 1: No, I was wondering, like, cuz if you get the webinar page up, and then we got the, you know, you do the Zoom call, like, then you have to, how do you manage the emails? But most of all, like the wording that goes on to the emails so that the email is automated, like, Mike, you said, the connection marketing? Yeah,

[850:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Well, we, there's a few classes in our members area that really dive into my philosophy around email, I, I have a bit of a, I think that your email, what really creates that connection, is if your emails at least every month or so are like they're different and unique from each other. So AI can really help you put a lot of that together, one of the things that I recommend is getting on to other people's email lists that are either in your niche or in other niches that are marketers. And the AI can actually help reword an existing email that you really like, around what what your offer is. And so that's actually one of the best ways to do that. Um, as far as like a funnel goes, the landing page and webinar that is the funnel right there. So for the words that go on the landing page, that has to do with is a process of really dialing in what those words are to attract the right client for your specific business. So the question that I would ask you is what is your what is your niche? Who are you helping? Who is the type of person that you're going to be marketing to? And then what are you selling? Because that's really the starting stage for all of that. Okay, what do you do you

[872:56] Speaker 1: know, I put together I want to do this. I have not started it. I clutched up the website and I got the course ready. It's for helping people overcome anxiety with the Word of God.

[875:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Awesome. Yeah, that's really good. A big part of that is we will want to package it again. Your this is this is the most common

[880:04] Speaker 0: I would say a

[881:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: mistake that I see people make with their funnel is what you just mentioned, helping them with their anxiety with the Word of God. And I will put WSG, again, that's going to be your system, we're not going to change that, that's kind of like that's like your heart piece. That's what you're like, like, we're going to keep that what it is right here. Okay, how we present it to the world, this is our presentation, we have to package it in a way that is going to be most effective to actually get people to register for this. And so what that looks like is, we want to take your process and look at, let's say, five years after somebody goes through and works with you, and they learn really how to manage anxiety with the Word of God, what does that what's the ripple effect of that in their life,

[898:23] Speaker 1: that they can then coach others. Oh,

[899:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool, that's even, that's even greater. So that's awesome is the idea behind especially if they want to help other people, and they want to learn how to be a leader or a coach or something like that, we would actually connect your presentation around that, that vision of where they're going. And your process is this right here. But we're going to package it around what their sort of dream outcome is, as well as what are the biggest hindrances to them, of doing this already with you. And so that's how we package it in that way. And I've done a lot of that with a lot of different Christian entrepreneurs. is, most of the time, especially when it comes to spiritual spirituality, Christianity, faith based content, is if we lead with this, here's the, here's the obvious, like, thing that people think, well, I can just get that from my pastor, or I can just get that from my church group or something like that. And so or solar, or soda, but you know, as far as we know, working with you, that that's going to be different than what they just get from their pastor or a church group. So we want to help them very clearly understand, not necessarily what the process always looks like, we can talk about that. But that's secondary to what are we really leading them into? What is the goal, what is the outcome that they're getting to overall. And so like a few ways that I've seen this packaged is I know of like five courses that actually teach people about that they contain content about managing their anxiety with the Word of God, but they might lead with how to become a better leader. Or it could be how to write better worship songs, or it could be how to lead better in your home as a parent, things like that. But the content of it might include something like this, but it's anchored around what is that actual kind of goal that your target customer is going to take that and it's going to produce in your life. So if you're helping them to even become a coach to help others with this, you can sort of I would build something around how to take the vision and idea that God has put in your heart and impact others with it. And so you're actually going to teach people how to impact others, but your process is going to be about this. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because otherwise, we end up working like 100 times harder trying to get this out there. When you'll be able to reach the people that need this by packaging it around, what is their what are they what's the the dream that they're getting to? And I'll say this, what I just shared with you, um, most people that I meet, strongly disagree with what I shared with you, and they don't like it, and it makes them feel very uncomfortable, especially Christians. And so I understand that I understand that what I'm sharing actually even goes against what a lot of people believe God has called them to do. I've been called by some people, a wolf in sheep's clothing for what I just told you to do. But it's effective, and it works. And it helps bring people into I think, what can I yeah, I've had people they don't like it because they think it's manipulating people with the Word of God and stuff like that. Again, it's marketing and sales and marketing. So that's why my superpower is sales and marketing. How do we actually get people to become clients? And this is going to be the most effective way that kind of does that. So thank you. All right. Yeah, I I've heard it all from people but Do I still continue to do what I do? Because I know, I know the impact that comes out of it, especially if we work with people that are that have integrity. They're impacting people. They're changing people's lives. Exactly. Yeah. You know. All right. Hey, listen, any any other questions? Last question? Before we go here with the top of the hour, I can take any one more question here. Anybody's asked

[966:23] Speaker 3: me one more time, if you don't mind. You're my. So how would you think about our course it says how to be a better beginning coach.

[969:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so again, okay, I see what you're saying. So you're really gonna lean See, that's not that's a great angle right there. Because I think a lot of people, yeah, that's no, that's a really good angle. That's, and that's a little bit of a different angle than like what I help people with. So like, for instance, I lead with the hook of starting a coaching business. But to be honest, I'm more of a sales and marketing expert, I don't always necessarily teach people how to coach, I teach them how to get more clients, because I'm really good at getting clients and that side of it. I do teach how to coach in some ways, by example. But there are also people that instead of learning the sales and marketing side of things, and this would probably be more authentic to you, and things like that, as you can teach people how to be a really good mentor, a really good leader, a really good coach, how to actually be really great at listening to people and engaging and doing like that. And so it's a framework of how to be excellent at coaching, that you're looking to teach people, again, how to start a coaching business, how to impact people's lives. And I would lead more with the impact side of things, and how to actually bring bring transformation, the people, and all of that, I don't necessarily lead with bringing transformation, because a lot of what I teach is connected to the sales side of things. So again, this is where what you're teaching and what I teach actually diverge a little bit. And it's our own sort of individual superpowers that are a little bit different, instead of you teaching marketing, because you're learning that for me, you're teaching how to be a really good transformational coach. And so that's where that's where we want to package it. And we want to really find people that they, they don't know how to coach, they don't know how to lead others. And they really want to learn how to do that, and how to be excellent at that. And so that's where we would actually package our offer around that versus the how to get clients side of things. Because I always lead with how to get clients versus yours will be how to bring massive transformation to somebody's life as an amazing coach. Two different types of messaging, they might share some similarities, but it's a different stage on the journey that that you're reaching people at.

[1005:44] Speaker 3: Yep, that sounds a little scary. How to bring massive transformation. I guess what I'm thinking is, because I feel like because I went through your four week, the free training that I was able, I did transform some of my thinking, I mean, I didn't initially think of it as transformation. But I guess anytime you make an improvement, that is considered transformation. So So let me ask you this. So So what if someone says to me, Well, what transformation? Would I be looking forward to? Or what I mean, I don't know if they would say that as

[1017:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gen nine, they need to know what the transformation is that they're looking for before they jump in with you. And so that's the difference in what we teach about marketing is, it's better to instead of trying to get them to buy into that they need to transformation, rather, they actually already know what's not working in their life. And you're gonna have a way better time helping those people that like, they already know that something needs to change, rather than, like, things me,

[1025:42] Speaker 3: okay, I gotcha. So they know they need to change. Well,

[1026:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: they really want to, I will say like, from what you said, they know that they need to get better at leading teaching in their own personal development. They know that they need to work on those aspects of their life to go to the next level for the goals that they have. So you're gonna package it around those goals that they have with your system.

[1032:16] Speaker 3: Okay, so some of the goals would include being, I don't know, I just say fearless or less fear being connecting more with people. I'm just guessing right now. feeling more confident, I guess for sure. One

[1037:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the things that you want to get to the place of is that you actually, once you get some people in front of you and they start connecting with you, they're going to start telling you what They dealing with what is the problem that they have. And so we actually base it off of what people are actually telling us that they want to learn. And so for me, I am never go out there saying, hey, I want to teach you this because you need to learn this. I'm always in the perspective of, hey, what do you want to learn how to do? And that I build my whole program around what everybody's telling me that they want to learn. I have like a bird's eye view picture, like getting clients with Facebook ads into a coaching business. But then the nuances of how that breaks down, I actually have my community lead that and that's where I end up getting, get polling my community. And then if it's something that I don't know how to do, because I've actually had that happen, where I had, my community was like, hey, I want to learn this. And I'm like, okay, Jesus, I don't know how to do this. So what I did, I spent the next 12 months learning how to do the thing that my community wanted to learn. So I actually went to work working on myself to get better at my knowledge, to learn something that then I could bring into my community, for instance, um, you know, I've gotten better over the last year at delivering really good webinars, I've gotten better over the last year at coaching people. And so because of that, I'm able to bring some even more than that, over the last year, I've gotten a lot better at the mindset side of things versus the year before. So I've been on my own personal development journey. And then I bring those pieces in to help the people that I'm working with as well. But my, again, if we look at my 20 year, track record, it's all in the sales and marketing side of things. So that sort of it is kind of like that still went on better than anything else. That is the sales and marketing side of things. But I've been adding the elements through my own journey of the mindset and the coaching and all of that. And it's been trading with more, a more well rounded system for my clients as well.

[1075:01] Speaker 3: Wow. Yeah, that's amazing how you, you said that I'll have to listen to this again. And the other thing is the five day I did pay to keep those permanent. So with that email, just stay with me, or do I find it somewhere else? You know, when did we pay the extra money to to? Think we paid extra to have to be able to keep those? You know, I'm talking about?

[1082:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you, you, you said well, that email state, what do you mean? Well, that email stay with you? Well,

[1083:35] Speaker 3: you know, you sent an email with all of the teachings you just talked for the last couple of weeks, right? Yes.

[1086:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can access those through the through the email address that you've signed up with. Yeah, you'll you keep those forever.

[1087:53] Speaker 3: Okay, okay. I just wanted to make sure I understood how that worked. Okay. Thank you so much. That gave me so much clarity. Thank you. Yeah, definitely.

[1089:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, hey, everybody. Thanks for being on here. Thanks for Thanks for jumping on. Again, tonight, the doors close to the accelerator program, you can you can go jump in. You go check it out over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator. And as I mentioned, we're not if you're like, Hey, I'm gonna hold out and see if he does a Black Friday sale, we are not doing a Black Friday sale. So this is the lowest price that the program is it is $2,000 for the year. And you can split that up into 12 payments of 166 42 a month. And for those of you you can try it out for 30 days as well risk free to see if this is something that you want to continue with with us. So anyways, I'm excited for all those. We've gotten a bunch of people that have jumped in in the last week. I'm excited tomorrow we're hosting a live fast start jumpstart for brand new members. And that takes place. It's right here on the page. Oh, what's that dates wrong? I gotta change that. Anyways, it's tomorrow. November 22. It says it right here. says it says November 22. Right there. And then it says November 21. Right there. Oopsie. That's November 22. At 4pm 3pm Central. We did send the right email out though with the right date though for y'all. So that's tomorrow for our new members. It'll be at 4pm Eastern 3pm Central. I can't wait to see you all on there. And we will talk soon. Have a good one everybody.

[1114:06] Speaker 5: Yay, Fred's in, man. Man up. Sign them now, buddy. Thank you, but

[1115:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love it. Hey, before I go, did you have a question? No,

[1116:14] Speaker 5: I'm good. I'm just so just an Abra about this whole process. And where I'm at right now is I

[1118:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: love that. I love here that this has been such a great group of people by the way.

[1119:10] Speaker 0: Yeah, you know, it's just been incredible and I've spent the day you see, it was just terrible. I said

[1121:03] Speaker 5: was incredible. Oh my gosh.

[1121:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, hey, it was terrible. Like, tell me. No, no, listen, it's funny. I need a

[1124:09] Speaker 5: coach. And I'm looking forward to you being my coach. Man, I really excited

[1125:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: to work with you. I spent the last year really kind of developing this out because we launched we launched this program in August about a year ago. And it was it was legit when we launched it. And now it's like, astronomically like SpaceX level awesome, and it's getting better. Like I already got like my wheels turning for even the next six months. It's everything's improving. we're optimizing everything, we're making it easier to follow the lessons, we're, we're creating systems to help all of our, our students in there, we added resources to help you build your business, service providers, people you can outsource to things like that already been in there. So excited.

[1138:10] Speaker 5: And this the thing about this is that in everything that you talked about, I've done, I've done Facebook ads I've done, you know, the courses, I've tried, I've listened, I've read Ross's books, I went through them, I went through all I got the concept, and I put my head, I put my hands on all of them. So your program allows me to say okay, now that you've done all of this, let's get it together.

[1144:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very true. You'll and you'll have a much quicker time,

[1145:30] Speaker 5: right? Because of that, for sure. Right? Exactly. That's what I'm looking for. So

[1146:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really might listen, my mission and my goal has been from day one, I want to create 1000 millionaire mentors and coaches. Yes, and that means we need to have 1000 people making six figures and then multiple, six figures. And I want to be able to design it so that somebody could come in, never learned any of this stuff before and be successful. And so that's that's the mission and, and also somebody comes in and has learned everything before they can also be successful. And to be a system that helps people better than anything else that's out there. And that's that's what I believe it is. That's what we hear from people and I'm excited for you to experience it. So

[1158:46] Speaker 5: yes. And now you got 999 More because I'm definitely gonna be one of them. And it's good in the fact that you're a man of God, and you're in alignment with my life. And so I appreciate you, man.

[1161:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. I remember on the Jumpstart tomorrow,

[1162:41] Speaker 5: you got to see you tomorrow. And I'm telling my birthday so guess what? I turned 53 And happy birthday. What a wonderful birthday gift. This is for me.

[1165:22] Speaker 0: I love it. All right. All right, man. Take care. Have a

