VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-07-12T21:31:33.000Z
Duration: 80 min
Otter ID: B8agoyKSdLbRBZRuk_QR28CM_w8
---

[3:15] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, hello. Welcome into

[4:51] Speaker 1: our VIP here today

[5:43] Speaker 0: copy the invite link

[8:07] Speaker 0: alive in our group Facebook group

[11:03] Speaker 0: All righty. Let everybody in.

[12:57] Speaker 2: Hello, hello. Hello.

[13:43] Speaker 0: Welcome welcome.

[14:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you know, I just found something out I was just notified of this. In the in the VIP members area, we only got the first 30 minutes in here of the day one VIP, however, I was able to download it from our Facebook group, I got the whole hour and a half right here. So I'm uploading that will get we have it because we were streaming it into our accelerator group. So I'll be replacing that in there. And that's why if you notice the day one VIP recording was only a half hour long. We just found that out right now. So but that'll be fixed for you here. Later today. In the in the recording. So you'll have the whole recording of the day one VIP, I'm not sure how that happened. Cuz I have an auto record, every time we come into the VIP, I'm sure why it only gave me 30 minutes. It was very weird. But that's why we've had to happen like, twice in the last year where that happened where the Zoom only saved like 30 minutes. But then the Facebook group had the whole thing. So that's why I it's part of my rule of thumb, I always go live on Facebook as well, even if we're doing in zoom, just to have that redundancy. All right, everybody. So today was that was kind of the introduction of writing your sales copy. Now there's a nuance to that as well, that will, I'll probably talk about at the beginning of tomorrow of you you do, you are going to have to sit down and like look at and think about and actually spend some time and energy. Thinking about who your customer is, if you have experience working with people pulling from that direction, if chat GPT is sending you in one direction, and you know your clients respond in another direction, then you need to course correct it and steer it in that direction. I've seen some people where they will be like, well, Chad GBT gave me this copy. And it didn't convert. And I'm like, What are your clients? Oh, they're way over here. And I'm like, so why didn't you do that? And the person's answer was, well, because Chad GBT gave it to me. And I'm like, Okay, we have to, you're the one in control of chat, GBT the robot and the AI is not in control of you. It's a, it's a junior writer that you're basically the manager of. And so you, you got to sort of treat it like it's a it's this. It's it's not very smart. But it does really good things. And you can correct it to go in the right direction of what you want. And that's what's called the steer ability of the AI. And we found sometimes we got to steer it to the left a little bit to the right, up and down, and then it finally hones in on what we're trying to do. So that's a little bit of that. How do you do that? I'll show that to you at the beginning here. I had realized we were already like 20 minutes over on the main session. And I had some trouble getting the stream going at the beginning. It was a kept like stalling. Nothing was going live. That's why I came on late. So that's why I didn't cover that part of it. But we'll do that at the beginning there. How do you steer? GBT, you just talk to it. You say, Okay, you literally type what I'm about to say. Thanks for that. That's not really what I was wanting. Let's adjust it in this direction. With this in mind this in mind this in mind, you literally type that out how I just said it, and it will rewrite it in that direction. And then you're like, okay, that went way too far in this direction. Let's do this. And what's really cool is you do that a couple of times, and it'll start to come across really good as to what as to what you want. If you've never coached anybody before. If you've never worked with anybody as a client, it's a great way to get started. But ultimately, you are going to want to go based off of the feedback that you get from your audience. And the feedback loop is one of the most important parts taking what people are actually saying that they want, and what their struggles are and what their issues are real human beings. And then having the AI write the copy based off of that data, versus just sort of comes up with something randomly. Okay, so That was a little bit of that for you just to kind of continue what we were going to talk about. I'll talk about that probably at the beginning. Tomorrow. I'm here to answer your questions here. Go over this to help you with your business. Cheryl. What's up? Cheryl? How are you?

[85:12] Speaker 0: Share? Cheryl, let's unmute you.

[86:02] Speaker 4: Can you hear me now? Yes. Okay. That was awesome. By the way. So much value there. I really appreciate it on you do going through that whole thing. As far as the landing pages go, what is your suggestion on how many pages we should have? And how much you put in there? Yeah,

[91:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, for one offer, you have one landing page. And then generally I like an upsell, to what it has a video and then there's like a, like a VIP upsell, we found that that really works well, to create some kind of value where there's an extra bonuses that we can offer people to help segment our our audience a little bit so that we we can figure out who is more of the higher quality people that are coming through our pipeline, I used to do it without a VIP. And I'll tell you, that was fine. One of the biggest mistakes I ever made, was I just did a training and then I would take questions off of the training and doing that for like five times and then doing it with a paid VIP, I will never do it for free again, where I take questions that way, the quality of the questions are different. Like they're different questions that people ask when they've made a small monetary investment that could be as small as seven bucks, but the quality of free to like $7 to get their questions answered in the mentoring space, it's worth it to have some kind of a small paywall on there. Right for that, and so but yeah, just one landing page. I keep it simple,

[111:51] Speaker 4: because I've seen pages and they just go on and on and on for like seven pages. And

[113:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's here's the gist of that. And that's what that's a big part something that this book, The Dan Kennedy's Ultimate Sales Letter book goes into, it doesn't have to be a long page, it can be a short page, we had a lot of success with short pages. The flip side is the longer the page, it actually doesn't hurt with the target client that you're looking for. And it only adds a little bit to it, it doesn't like make it super better. Because I've been writing sales copy for a long time I write long pages just because that that it comes out of me very easily. I know how to structure that that way. But it doesn't your your landing pages don't have to be really long pages, it's not like, okay, because I had a long page, now I'm gonna have 10 times the sales, it might be like a 10% increase. Because of that, the longer the page, the more specific you're able to get as to who you're talking to. But you can get real specific, most people are never going to read beyond just the beginning part of your sales letter. Right? Most people will never read beyond that most people even on a long page, never read beyond that, and they scroll to the bottom and sign up. And so do what you feel comfortable with. As far as the length of the sales letter goes, you're just

[132:40] Speaker 4: basically going to go in there and say, here's what you're gonna learn, right, and then maybe some testimonials or

[134:43] Speaker 3: it's not, here's what you're gonna learn that so that's the distinction that that most mentors get wrong is by going with here's your what you're gonna learn. It's, here's what the result of you applying what you're going to learn is going to produce for you. So that's different, what you're going to learn and the result of applying it is going to take a little bit of creativity. And the more people you work with, the more clear you'll get on that. But it'll take a little bit of creativity to start to say, Hey, this is what this is how your life is going to benefit by you spending time with me on this offer here. Versus just you're going to learn this, they can go learn it on YouTube, there's so if we just lead with here's what you're going to learn, most people will click away and ignore it in the end.

[149:36] Speaker 4: So give them the results of what they're going to be receiving. I can see the result, okay. Now, the

[151:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: only reason why people sign up for anything is an expected result result. And so you cast vision for that expected result. Now, based on who you attract, you know, there might be people that they're not ready to even apply what you're teaching for the result. So what that can do is now we don't want to go crazy and try to figure out how to talk to everybody. You want to specifically speak to the people that are ready to hear it and there will be some drop Apart from some people that they signed up, they got excited about the result. But once they started to hear, like, what it's gonna take to get there, they made the decision, and I'm not really in it for that. And then they drop off. And that's okay. And that's why I recommend. Like, once you launch your offer, that's the moment where I'm hands off with control. I have no ability now beyond editing the Facebook ads a little bit to bring the cost down. But I have no real ability to control whether who shows up or not is going to actually accept it or not. Whether they're going to whether they're going to be a good fit or not, when I do my presentation, I have a little bit of control over that based on how I structure my presentation. But you sort of have to, like have an open hand and say, Whoever accepts this, whoever wants to listen to me, Whoever understands, Whoever has ears to hear. That's kind of I remember, I look back at like Jesus said that who has ears to hear as a big thing. When you do webinar presentations. It's like, not everybody is ready to hear the content. But the ones who do and are ready, they ended up going further with it. Right. And so that was another example, you know, if I, I know in the Bible, Jesus shook off his, his sandals for those that didn't want to hear him and rejected him, he didn't try to convince them that they should. Yeah, that's and that's what's funny is I find a lot of coaching trainings do that tell people the opposite, to try to convince people that they should work with them. That's, you know, that's that, that's going to cost you a lot of time, money and energy. And that's not going to produce much of a result. Because I was what probably one of the worst at that for a while, is where I spent a lot of time trying to convince people that had already rejected me that they should work with me that they should trust me, that they should listen to me. And they didn't budge an inch from their position originally. So

[193:28] Speaker 4: I learned less than I

[193:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: realized I gotta like, I gotta let them go. And I'm gonna focus on the Cheryl's and the Kevin's and the and the Angela's, and the, the people that we have in my accelerator group, that they really are connecting with what we're talking about. And they're starting to take action, and they're starting to go forward. So So

[198:47] Speaker 4: can I ask you one more question, what are some? What if you did this whole launch? And only one person showed up on your life?

[200:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we just talk about that a little bit tomorrow, because we've had that question come up a few times. That question comes up twice a week in my accelerator group. So it's like, it's a very common thing. It's like, okay, we go through all this, we put an offer out, nobody shows up. Like, you might even have 100 people who register I've seen that happen. 100 people register, not one of them shows up to listen to you. So what So what that tells you as this is, yeah, the natural human emotion is all that's disappointing. I say let's get curious and see what can we can learn from that. Because that's data right there. That's data for us to say, Okay, we're, we're almost there, because we actually got people registering. Now, if nobody's registering, that's a sign that your whole offerings. If you're getting a lot of registrations, but not as many show ups, that is a sign that what you actually promised to deliver wasn't valuable enough to people to make the time to show up to listen to it. So that's where we got to get go a little bit deeper into promising something that's a little bit more valuable for them. Um, one example of this that I found is we, we did two camps. I'll share two examples. We did a campaign. Myself, it was called finding your niche in a coaching business. I had 400 people register 10 people were on it. Okay, I tweaked it, and I changed it to start your coaching business from scratch with AI. 300 people registered and 50 people were on it. Okay, so that's great. However, that's not the numbers I'm used to. Because normally when I got 300 people registered, I'm gonna have about 100 Show up to listen. So I had an offer that was grow your coaching business with paid advertising and AI. And we had 150 register, and 75 are on live with us. And so depending on the topic, and how important the information is to people, they will make the time how much they they connect with the result, people make the time to show up depending on what the information is. And so in that, you know, I'm trying to reach essentially a very similar crowd of people. But one of the like the idea of finding your niche I could barely get anybody to even show up to listen to me on that. Which is funny because in the feedback loop, everybody tells me they need help finding their niche. But when it comes down to brass tacks of people actually putting their money where their mouth is, that's what I call it, when they actually show up. They put their butt where their mouth is they put their eyeballs where their mouth is, right? They're telling me I want to learn to find my niche, but then ultimately, they don't show up. So at that sense, I'm like, Okay, what's really underlying there that they want to learn? And are those people that are trying to find their niche? Are they really a qualified group of people? That is a good fit for me to be marketing to? And the answer is no, that's why I've stopped running the offer, finding your niche, because at the end of the day, most of those people really weren't actually a good fit for any of what I'm teaching. They are way too at the beginner beginner stages of like, they want to find a niche, and then they don't want to do anything with it. They just want to think about coaching for the next five years. So that it's also like whatever your offer is, also identifies where people are on their journey in their life. So the finding your niche, people are at the beginning stage of their journey. Starting your coaching business from scratch, they're a little bit further along, the ones who want to grow it with paid advertising, okay, now they're actually they know that they need to be doing something to get new clients. So that's further along the process. And generally, the closer you get to the goal, the more people will show up, the closer you are to that actual outcome, the more that they will show up to listen to you, we found the same thing. Another example was with we tested out different offers with Rick Pitino, one of them that bombed really bad at lost lost like $40,000 in paid ads. It was like it was it was really hard. We had spent 60 We the previous campaigns we ran I think we spent like 10,000 in ADS. And then Rick was like, let's throw 60,000 at it. And I'm like, okay, cool. Let's try that. And he's like, but here's the thing, I want to cast a wider net. I don't want to I don't want the offer to be get your get your worship music heard I wanted to be get your Christian music heard.

[272:46] Speaker 3: And nobody showed up to listen to him, just by changing that word from worship to Christian. Wow. And the people who were on the call were really negative. They were they were super critical about how he didn't know anything of what he was talking about. He was a he was a patsy fat man who should just give up on his dream of music. And these are what's funny is these were like Christian people saying that I was surprised by how negative they were. And then that didn't convert to sales. It was that one word, we shifted it back a month later to worship music. And that was the month I think he made like $400,000 on that the offer was the music lunch master's program,

[284:05] Speaker 4: which is weird, because if you're a Christian, you're listening to worship music,

[285:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. But it's the sub genre of it that really identified it changed. Because in Christian music, it was attracting hip hop, pop music, country music, all of that. And they weren't resonating with how the presentation was going. And so we had found Okay, we got to pivot that over here. Similar thing happened with my mom, you know, she did people who were wanting to figure out the basics of investing but didn't have any money to invest. She got a lot of those people signing up to try her program, and then they would cancel within 30 days. So we realized, let's change our offer to people who they have $1,000, at least to invest with bare minimum to join her presentation, you got to have 1000 bucks. And those people have stayed with her for a long time. And they convert. So it just depends on the language that you use. It's sort of like using the Visual My mind is like a metal detector, you're sort of like Beep, beep, beep and the further away you are from the gold, the less likely it is that that people are going to show up to listen to you. And that's why that's why the that's the part people don't like, is they I've had people ask me and if I knew how to I could I could probably make a billion dollars. They've asked me is there any way to bypass testing? Is there any way to not have to test to see what people respond to? The answer's no, there's not. And I think that that's one of the one of the hardest realizations that people have to make is that you're going to have to test what people respond to. And sometimes it doesn't work out. But the more you're willing to test and you have that experimentation mindset, the closer you'll get to finding the right people having this expectation that okay, I'm going to make a million dollars with this first offer that I launched. And that's not realistic. There are some people that I've worked with where that has happened, but it's more of the exception not the rule. The rule is generally you got to at least tested offer start to get people to show up. That's where now okay, we can break even and then we can get to it with my mom's offers. We're making 36 times our ad spend with my offers I make red Around 21 times our ad spend. And so with that, as you refine it a year and a half ago, I was only making about point 5% profit on my offers a year and a half ago. And now I'm making 21 times what we spent on that. So just by refining that experimenting, be willing to put ourselves out there. That's the barrier of entry of why most people give up on this business. Well, you definitely don't have the fortitude to continue testing.

[327:44] Speaker 4: Two years ago, I put $2,000 into ad spend on Facebook, and I hired ad manager to help me. And it got no response. I got one person who signed up. And that was because they found me on YouTube. And the girl that found me on YouTube was hearing impaired. What the

[332:40] Speaker 2: heck, right.

[333:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Unfortunate part most ads managers know nothing about offer creation. Yeah. And so I used to have people they would be, they would be very, this was like four or five years ago, they would get really upset because they're like Jeremiah, can you run my ads, you're like the ads guru, you can run my ads. And I'm like, I can only run your ads, if I also can completely restructure your your entire business offer. And they're like, No, I don't want to do that. I just want to run the ads, I'm like, well, then I can't run your ads, because I have to be able to go top to bottom to be able to do that. And now I don't offer that service to anybody. I only offer our coaching program to people, it's because the offer is what determines the ads, not the other way around. You can't throw good ads at a bad offer and hope to get returns. And we talked about a bad offer. It's just people are not registering for it. And that's where, you know, we can get disappointed with like, okay, my offer didn't work out. But then it's like, okay, what can I learn from this, I'm gonna have to pick myself back up again. And I like in this process. You can't polish a turd. And even if you sprinkle glitter on it, that's funny. So but I liken this process to, to romantic dating in a big way. As you know, in the beginning, when we're dating, like, we end up finding people that were just like, Oh, that wasn't a good fit for us. But I found at least in dating myself, and I've been vicariously living through my mom, while she's been dating, she calls me and tells me about all the dates that she's going on. And it's like she's getting refined as to sort of who she wants to hang out with, who's a good fit for her. The there's this, there's this expectation, I think that human beings have, have, like we want we want the success to happen faster than anybody else has had it. When everybody who I know who's been successful, they, they stuck it out through the hard seasons as well. And then they came out with the success. And and this is the this is the process of how they got there if it was in the mentoring space, so

[366:57] Speaker 0: yeah. All right.

[367:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Dr. Stubbs, how you doing today?

[369:24] Speaker 0: I'm doing well. How are you doing? Good. I wanted to ask you about the email and the landing page that you created for this five day intensive. Okay, so I went back and I looked at the email. And that's an email that you probably created out of MailChimp, right? When I click on the link, it's taking me to your Squarespace. Landing Page, correct? Yep. I don't see how I can add a little scroll. On my landing page that I'm creating a square space based on what looks like yours that says Sign up. Now you have like the scroller Sign up now for the three, five day intensive and then it talks about the VIP. Is that a feature in Squarespace? Or did you find some other software that you plug into that landing page?

[385:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, that's all just features in Squarespace. Whatever we see on there weren't scrolling the texts like that. Yeah, that's a that's a feature in Squarespace. I believe I'll show you where it's at right here. It's under a new browser. Squarespace has a lot of like, little features that will see my video in a way. There we go. Let's see. Here's Squarespace right here. Let's click lips

[397:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: find that ages. There we go. Okay, so this right here There is a block called scrolling. So it's right here. And it just says scrolling right there. Okay,

[403:05] Speaker 0: thank you. Yep.

[403:27] Speaker 3: So there's all these different blocks that they give you to kind of add in and, and you can like, I can drag this picture right here, I can make it go on the left side right there. I can drag it over here, and it kind of snaps in place. And all of our landing pages have this kind of a structure to them. This is this is what I recommend your landing pages look like, is to follow a similar where you got a title, a headline, and then some section that talks about the struggle that the person is dealing with, while inviting them into some event for you that has the solution. That right there is the most important section of your landing page. All right,

[415:21] Speaker 0: that's following that PSA problem saw problem?

[416:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it follows it follows what I showed at the end of today's training, where you tell it to run, you have it create all this data. So in chat GPT, when you have an output this information, I don't use all of that it's training data, it's going to train the algorithm on the emotion that I want it to bring into the final result. And so then I have a prompt where I say generate me a sales letter that identifies the problem the person has shows empathy for where they're at, says kind of like I've been there, too, I know what it's like. That's what this type of text is right here. If we break down every single sales page that we that we use that we've done for our offers, it's something similar to that. Are you struggling with this feeling like all the puzzle pieces fit together, don't know where to start. So this is the struggle, usually the first two small paragraphs, and then this, this is the showing that you know what they've been through. And you can either say I worked with clients that have dealt with this. That's what I used to do. But now I have identified even myself, you know, I, in the beginning, I did struggle to get anybody to sign up with our offers. And so now I was like, actually, that's true, I need to talk about how much I struggled to get our offers to work in the beginning. You know, even with my experience, I had a struggle to get our offers to work for myself, I could help other people with their offers. But I really struggled to make sure that they converted. So the idea is we're validating their experience. And showing that we understand it. That's one of the key elements. We promised the outcome right here. This is called a headline. So it uses heading one text. And then we have where we we empathize with the struggle. And then invite them to the solution down here. I've been in your shoes and I came out on the other side, I figured out a repeatable process. And then these are bullet points of kind of what that was. And what I'll do now is I'll go in and I'll have chat GPT, I'll play around with the different like, what are the pain points? What are the struggle, and I'll just tell it Okay, rewrite this sales page over here. Most of my sales copywriting now is is telling it to rewrite existing pages I have with new information that I've discovered off of the feedback loop from people. So that's why one of the most important elements of this is that feedback loop. Where once you get people in front of you, you you end up serving them as to what are they struggling with? And what do they want to learn. So that's what this document is that I have. These are answers that people gave me, getting it all going making the parts work together, how to make a good zoom conference, I don't invite people. Fear of people judging me has frozen me, I know that the system will work I create I created for losing 47 How to create an offer, create a compelling offer, how to use Facebook ads, how to put it together, how to find my core audience. So this is anybody who registered for this July 10. event, I have their answers right here. And I start to study these. And I have chat GPT find what are the pain points of somebody who has these problems? And then we inject that into our sales copy based off of the exact words that people have told us that they're dealing with themselves.

[469:22] Speaker 0: All right, thanks.

[469:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Doug, what's up, Doug?

[471:04] Speaker 5: Hey, first, I want to say thanks, you everything you put out so far. It's been great. Awesome. My question is, I've seen I guess, people run things similar to this where they run a five day challenge and then on, you know, days three, four or five, they say okay, you know, it's open. You mentioned that, okay, get on the waiting list. I guess my question is, what is your rationale for people to buy now after you know,

[478:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that guy literally I just taught this in my in my group Before this, I recorded a session for one of our courses that were having in there. They that I recorded the session on, like, how do you do the final part of a five day event? And in Dan Kennedy's Ultimate Sales Letter book, it's called the Manyana antidote. So the Manyana antidote is, how can you help people stop saying I will take action Manyana tomorrow. And one of the ways that he says to do so is you have limited availability and deadline of enrollment. And so when you have limited availability, the doors are closed, plus a deadline of enrollment, they're only open for maybe four to five days, and then they close again, when you do that, and you have it to where it's like, it's not open all the time. The people that are a good fit for you, your sales numbers will actually increase by doing that. Because people won't make the excuse of, oh, I can sign up next week or next month, because 99% of the time, they will never hear from them again. And so it solves that problem of creating some urgency in there for us, so that's why I've done that, what I love to keep the doors open forever for everybody. Some people like to do that, I found that it's been really effective for us to, to only open it at strategic times during the year. And that's that's worked out. And it's and it's specifically the people who don't join with us. They're very qualified because they got on the waiting list. And then they joined when we open the doors. And they didn't make the excuse of that they lost interest in what we were talking about, because they had to wait for the doors to be open. So one of the biggest reasons why people don't do that as well. I don't want to lose clients. Most of the people that I find who sign up during any given Sunday or whatever, when you have open enrollment, they end up dropping off because they don't have the same buy in as well. So that's what I found. I found it works for me. You can do whatever you want in your business. But I found that it it increases our sales numbers in the long run.

[516:52] Speaker 2: Okay, very good.

[517:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you, right? Yeah. Mary Elam, how are you? Hi, why? Oh, by the way, I want to pause what here? What I just told Doug. I used to have a really I struggled to explain that to people for a while for a couple of months. So I spent an afternoon with chat GPT and I just dialogue which had GPT. And I was like, How do I explain this to people better? And I gave it my ideas and all of that. And so that's what's cool is with chat GPT it helps you get better at coaching. It helps you get better at explaining your thoughts. I got all the thoughts up here. But sometimes they don't come to my mouth as well. And so chat GBT has actually helped me like, when when somebody asked that question was a reasonable question. I didn't quite know how to answer it in a way that was that really explained all the different angles. And so chat GBT helps me kind of structure my thoughts in a way that makes sense. And that that way, I'm not rambling either. So use chat GBT for that purpose as well. I recommend everybody to be married.

[535:58] Speaker 2: Yeah. Um, okay, this is may sound strange. Well, I know you've heard everything. So you, you You heard everything. That's why so I was like, okay, yeah, you've probably heard this before. So I actually my website is actually done in Wix. So if I do a landing page using Wix is that possible to do all of the same things that you did with with Squarespace? You have to manage?

[544:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yes, yes. Yeah, we do. People use Wix and they've they've they've been fine with it. Wix is pretty similar to Squarespace. They're probably one of their biggest competitors. Wix and Squarespace are cool. Squarespace has less features. The reason why I like it is because it's so simple. You kind of can't overcomplicate the process. You know, sometimes people say, here's what I will say if you get stuck. I've told our clients this, because we had a lot of people like tell me I'll kind of using this platform, this platform, this platform, here's the advice I give people. If you find yourself making a landing page and you're still stuck two months later, you don't have it done. Because you're like, not sure what to do stuff. I would recommend people make a Squarespace account on a subdomain or a separate domain just for running their offer, because you'll be able to get your landing page up and running in less than an afternoon on Squarespace. And so what I found is is that that breaks people have their procrastination. I'm not saying that you're going to procrastinate. But if that is a A, you know, maybe a barrier because I've seen that for people. Squarespace kind of breaks that procrastination barrier, because it's, it's difficult to kind of do it wrong and Squarespace because there's, there's so few steps to actually do so just keep that in mind is that we want to be self aware and then do what serves us versus maybe what slows us down.

[565:55] Speaker 2: Gotcha. Makes sense. Thank you.

[566:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Angela. Rose, how are you?

[567:34] Speaker 1: Hey, I'm good.

[567:47] Speaker 0: How are you? Good.

[568:22] Speaker 1: Okay, so you're just mentioned and showed us about creating the landing page pros and cons of using WordPress to create your landing page versus an outside

[572:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: third party? Yeah, yeah, I'm not a super I'm not a fan of WordPress. I've used it for years. My mom's sites still on WordPress. I found if you're using WordPress, I like the Elementor plugin. So if you're using WordPress, use the Elementor plugin. It's probably the easiest way to do it. Find a simple theme that you can use. Now that Elementor exists and WordPress has kind of matured. If you like WordPress keep using it. Instead of learning. Yeah, well, it's it's it's free, but your server costs Yeah, your your it's a little bit harder to use as well. Or like Squarespace is easier to use than WordPress, even with Elementor.

[584:15] Speaker 1: I'm sure on squares spaces website. It says what they integrate with as far as like, do they integrate with Active Campaign and and

[587:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: they don't integrate with a lot unless you use Zapier to integrate from square from Squarespace. Yeah, so but if you just grab the Active Campaign code, you can throw it in the same way you would with WordPress, and they don't have a plugin like WordPress would you could totally be successful with a WordPress landing page. We we did that with with Rick for a while for his. And then we shifted it to a Squarespace landing page because it was just so much easier to edit. And part of our thing was, is that we had a we like Squarespace, because any of our team members that don't have technical skill can edit our landing pages. Oh, that was really nice about Squarespace, too. Is that you know, I don't have to worry about them breaking the whole site, if I send it to somebody who's not super technical skill to go make an edit on the page. Well noted. Thank you. Yeah, so it's really it's sort of I have had more headaches with WordPress, I would not recommend using WordPress for any sort of a membership site, however, or any sort of like, walled payment course delivery. Because once you hit about 1000 members, your site, we couldn't get it to work. I've tried it on three different WordPress sites. It just the server volume starts crashing.

[608:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'm

[608:52] Speaker 1: testing searching right now,

[609:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: a search is pretty cool. I've heard some really good things about it. So search, if you're liking it, I've even thought about I'm like, you know, I like the fact that search he has that function, I use Thinkific. Kajabi is like the Rolls Royce of platforms, I am a huge fan of Kajabi if you if you have the budget for it, and it's an all in one. And so I know a lot of people, they save money if they start with Kajabi because the price doesn't go up as they grow. And so what you will find is if you use some of these different platforms, MailChimp gets a little bit more expensive, the more you use it. So Kajabi can kind of help you with that a little bit. This is where though, you know, it becomes a problem and you're already making money at that point. I have found that this discussion of what platform to use becomes one of the biggest reasons people procrastinate in their business too. So that's why let's keep it simple. That's create some kind of an offer to get people to sign up. Nowadays, the traditional website people don't really like visit our websites like they used to. Yeah, as a social media, they check us out on social and they click our offers.

[629:33] Speaker 1: Okay. I appreciate your tip about hitting 1000 clients and the whole WordPress thing because I would much rather make a jump now, you know, while we're on the lower end before getting to that point and having a

[633:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: start so think if IK or teachable, I like think if IK or Kajabi are my two favorite platforms. Okay, so teachable is similar. I'm not used it but I know people like teachable so. Alrighty. Dr. Stubbs.

[639:00] Speaker 0: I like that you demonstrated how To link your landing page to MailChimp. And I found out that I could link it to ConvertKit to both. Yeah, but I don't see what you use. Like where did you go into your Squarespace to find the place where you would make to MailChimp?

[645:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'll show you here. So it's the newsletter block. In Squarespace. The newsletter block, let's let me see up this is Firefox, that's not going to work for us. Let's do we have to use Chrome is that Firefox or Chrome? I don't know. I used to be really tech savvy back in the day. And I don't know what happened when I hit like 35 Like it just half of like, it just disappeared on me so. And I have a baby and all of that. It's like I'm like I have a lot of grace now for Pete because I'm like, I even struggle with a lot of technology these days too. Whereas I was like the whiz kid back in the day. Now I'm like, I gotta keep it simple for it to work for me. So in here, let's go to our let's go to our landing page that we're using. And it's the newsletter block. So it's this block where people sign up.

[663:18] Speaker 3: So you add this to the landing page and you click on the plus symbol right here and it's newsletter and then that adds this to our then you go under Storage and I can select MailChimp right here. They also have other storage options Google Drive, and then Zapier, Zapier connects with the Zapier integration, so Zapier will go into your form can then connect to any number of apps through Zapier so Zapier, I can have it connect to Thinkific. I can have it connect to Active Campaign, all of that, through Zapier, I pay about 50 bucks a month for Zapier.

[673:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I have is it takes the lead and it processes it into another platform. I paid for this one right here, just the professional one right here. The other thing is, is that the Facebook conversion API for Facebook ads, the easiest best way to get it to work is to use Zapier. So what I do is I have the lead poll in there through Zapier and then it fires on Facebook and it tells it somebody signed up and that's the most accurate way of doing that. That changed when iOS 14 came out. And so I recommend that most people use Zapier to track their their their their leads through Facebook ads that way.

[683:28] Speaker 0: Thank you all right,

[683:58] Speaker 3: Kevin. How are you?

[684:54] Speaker 6: I'm good I just shut the door. Didn't want y'all to hear a toy ambulance downstairs. Ambulance I kid you know it's

[686:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, it's funny I did a test the other day. Dogs barking baby crying. All of that it barely picks up on my microphone. So I used to get like all stressed out when it would happen when I'm like now like I don't care like I just halfway through my presentation. Our baby was crying downstairs. And so I used to like talk louder so that you couldn't hear it now I realized I'd like nobody. The mics not even picking it up. So yeah, Cooper like

[694:16] Speaker 6: Why Why are you shouting? Shouting? But no, I totally get that. Okay, I had a couple of questions. And it's funny because you just talked about Zapier. Zapier. I don't even know how you say it. I was I get some point. Maybe this is a question for another day. But like how was the totality of how you use Zapier make any automation software? But the the questions that I had that were a little bit more I wanted to focus on first was, how do you write strong origin copy to work off of like, the original original manuscripts you put into chat? GPT? And is it just asking questions back and forth until you get to asking questions

[705:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: back and forth. I think that's the I think that's the part that like, blows people away is that it's very simple. Now, if I have the feedback loop of people's responses, this is how I do the origin copy as I copy the responses first. And then I just draw, I tell it, I say write a sales letter for a free webinar. That's kind of my basic baseline prompt. And then I'll usually tell it what I want it to be about. And one thing that I'll do to really get the origin copy well is get really specific as to the topic I want to talk about. YouTube can be very valuable for doing that. I'm going to show you a technique here in just a second. I also need to teach this tomorrow as well. You get this right here. I'll probably go into more detail tomorrow about but if I just do this, I'm gonna show you two steps on how to do this two different ways to come up with the best origin copy. So the first one, the best way is the actual feedback of what people have told me right here. As I say, write a sales letter for free webinar based on the following. I'll just paste it, paste it in. And then see what it outputs right here. Start scaling succeed with your coaching, I know you got a lot on your plate, juggling the work and family commitments, let's not forget the dreams you've been nurturing. You're excited to start your coaching business, but not sure where to begin or how to make it work. So I will always start with those responses for my initial sales letter as I start getting them. So like, what I'll do is I will use the responses from the last event that I did in the previous events to do the copy for the next one that I'm doing. And so like this is leading, a lot of people want to know, effective zoom conference strategies. Here's an interesting thing, though, I can barely get anybody to show up to listen to me actually teach about what to say on Zoom. Most people want to know, the real topic that people want to know more of is how do I get people to sign up for my offer to actually show up, because most people aren't even getting people to show up to their offer. So even though this was like the copy was like leading with that a lot of these responses are that as I know, intuitively based off of the of working with people that I'm actually going to probably remove this from the initial copy right here. And I'm going to focus more on probably these five areas right here. And I'll remove probably these two right here. So then what I might do is I'll copy this and I'll make a new window to start with. Well sort of like edit its initial output, and I'll delete the ones that I don't want to use. I'll delete that I'll delete this. Now delete this. And then we go through that process of what are the pain points what's the epiphany bridge? Oh, that to create that training data for the final sales copy that we output. Okay, so there's that one way of doing that the other way is is this is I want to start a let's let's just take yours for instance, what offer do we want to create? Let's create you let's come up with your offer. I'm gonna show you my process.

[760:31] Speaker 6: Yeah, I'm just like, give some brief feedback on the offer I'm going to do

[761:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, tell me what it is. Tell me who your demographic Yes.

[762:29] Speaker 6: Well, it's it's funny because I'm, I was going back and forth through chat GBT while rocking my baby girl. Last night it was like brain busted. But I sort of have two offers I'm looking at and that was sort of my follow up question. What do something I think this is just a very like primitive idea but like the full musician, the full time musician blueprint or something like that, like helping people that one music the other one. And you know, just thinking as bold as possible is like the music millionaires master or music millionaires mastermind is another one I had on there like I like

[773:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: full time musician better it's more and more will attract the right people. And then I would sell them the music millionaires mastermind. So what you got here is you got your free offer. There's gonna be the full time musician. Your paid one's gonna be that music millionaire one. Yeah, cuz I want to lead them to that.

[777:44] Speaker 6: Yeah, because I want to help people make like multiple six figures a year and be able to have sustainable businesses and become millionaires in music, you know. But the other thing too, is and as you know, like this, the zoom thing people don't want that because it's, it's less sexy, and you're sort of reverse engineering their issues working from the backboard. But the other thing that people come to me for is how to grow on on Spotify is like the top thing. I could do a really juicy webinar on how to how to grow on Spotify. And, you know, worked with Grammy Tony and Emmy Award winners that promoted over 2500 songs on their board with Sony universal and capital. So I have enough I have credibility there. And I also have done multiple webinars, guested at places they all was in like multiple calls.

[790:50] Speaker 3: And when I get here, there's like an artist want to type this in here. What are some search terms to look up on YouTube for videos based on the above? Okay, so now I'm gonna go through and I'm gonna search YouTube for all these topics right here, okay, and I'm gonna see what the top videos on YouTube are.

[795:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, how to make a living as a musician. The reason why is if is the same mindset behind a webinar is present on YouTube. We filter this through this is what the algorithm is showing Actually, this is a great headline right here, stop chasing gigs. Get income streams, instead making a living as a musician, how to make living off your music, how to make a million dollars as a music producer, you could literally so this gives you ideas for your offer, based off of those YouTube search terms of who is actually making videos about these topics on YouTube already. Okay. Okay, so now we can pull that in. And that gives us ideas for what to actually make a to make an offer around. Let's just let this take. I mean, even though it's right here, um, I want to create a webinar based on the following titles. Just copy from the write me a sales letter, I don't I don't clean up a lot of what I give to chat GPT it's just a waste of my time writing a sales letter for a webinar based on this topic.

[817:15] Speaker 6: So if you miss type something, it can read between the lines and

[818:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: figures out what's your meaning. So you spent countless hours perfecting your craft, you've been chasing gigs and networking, dreaming of your passion and full time career. But despite the heart and soul that you put into it, the path to income seems foggy. What if I told you that it's time to stop chasing gigs and start chasing income streams. So now what we'll do is I'm going to go into my my prompts document, and we're going to flow through this initial one right here. And we're going to figure out, these are the pain points struggling to have consistent income difficulty and understanding how to navigate the complexities and ability to effectively monetize. They believe they can't afford the time or money of a webinar, they doubt the effectiveness of a free training, you got to keep that in mind, people doubt the effectiveness of it. They may feel like they tried everything and nothing works. The fear of not being able to have a sustainable income worried about unpredictable gig based income. Okay, so we're going to go through here. And then ultimately, as I showed you at the end of the training, you'll go through each of those prompts to get to the part where it'll and I go through in order till I get to this this last one right here. I'm going to just process through this. While I take another question. Anybody else has another question. Let me let me know, raise your hand here. Because what I want to do is I want to see, so again, I'm not concerning myself about what data is generating right here. Okay, because all this is is this is just training data to tell the AI what direction to write our sales letter in. We're not actually going to use most of any of this for our final sales letter. Yep. We're just we're just, we're generating information. And now here's where I would I would start to get critical. And start to read through this. And if any of this doesn't resonate with you, or what you're trying to do you correct it, or go into the next step. Maybe you correct this process right here. You know, let's let's, let's correct it real quick. And I'm going to show you how we do this, I have a plug in where I can actually talk to it. So I say this is great information. However, I want my offer to be geared around people that want to get more listens on Spotify, and how to reach more people on Spotify. How To Market on Spotify versus gig related, can you rewrite all of the above the epiphany bridge and the pain points based on that?

[861:08] Speaker 6: What's that plugin called?

[861:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, so what that did was it took its initial data, and it's now rewriting it around the Spotify topic. That's like that it was able to pivot more towards the direction of that topic versus gig related stuff. Right, even restart the whole process. And in general, the plugin is called I think it's just voice to chat. GPT

[868:12] Speaker 6: yeah, see a Google Chrome voice control for chat GBT and TA voice control

[869:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: for chat. JpT that's what it is. Yep. That works great. So there's that right there. So now let's go in and this is the outcome generator again. This is where we start to this is where it starts to get a little scary because of what we're promising. The end outcome is, and it starts creating a fictional narrative of a songwriter named Lucy, who shared her music hope to reach audiences but despite her talent, she was largely undiscovered. After working with expert, the expert coach, she embarked on her journey. By the way, this tells you kind of what you're the goal of your coaching program the goal of your mastermind This is whatever this is right here. She was able to optimize your profile, get more engagement and get more listeners. And then I have this one, can you dive deeper into the outcome, explain what the type of person mentioned above, accomplished and achieved as a result, her listener count grew, she was able to unlock opportunities that seemed out of reach popular music blogs reached out see that's like, like the dream narrative of the ultimate person is gonna go through, you know, now she, if we're talking about her wanting to get a record deal that's talking about that. She's performing at different music festivals, people know her name, the screaming her name, her name is in lights, stuff like that. Okay, so now I have this sales letter questionnaire. I had chat GPT actually generate this questionnaire, based off of nine hours of working with our own clients through how to optimize their sales letters. And I had chats maybe to generate these 12 points. To clarify, okay, key setbacks and challenges, primarily independent musicians. So this is all background market research data that we're able to start with before we launch our offer out. They grapple with low listener count, they may feel they may release a well produced album, but it gets only a handful of listens. Does that sound pretty? Accurate? No? Okay, great, then what?

[902:48] Speaker 6: Let's correct it. The top reason is that the like, the difference is that the songs are not a plus plus produced. And also to the songs are genre bending. So like, I'll have a pop rock artist, and they're told by curators is to rock from my pop list is to pop from my rock list, and they sort of fall between the cracks, almost like a pinball machine, it just falls right through. So a lot of what I do helping with artists is helping them find their their niche and really, like lean into that and that's why we do really targeted campaigns, but then also to help them rather than making every song almost like putting every fruit in a blender and pressing blends where you lose a ton of tones, flavors, colors texture, you instead make your music more like a smorgasbord. So it's like this is my happy pop song. This is my this song this is my that song and make it more of like a diverse, but like it like every Justin Bieber song, you know what this song like the lonely song is like a sad piano ballad. You know, peaches is like an r&b fun summer song. And so you just give each entity and that makes your music significantly more marketable. Because a lot of people think that that will mean that I'm just being like, I have no frame. But you know, the cliche, people remember less of what you said and did more about how they felt. The reality is there is an emotional and an energetic synergy between every song even if they really sound like they depart a little bit. Rain, they typically don't. And a producer helps blend the tones from the diversity between each individual song.

[928:23] Speaker 3: So I'm gonna pause you here. Here's what ended up happening. And this is why the value of chat GPT is now you were able to really well articulate instantly what the problem was and how different it was and what chat GPT created. So the the value of actually having chat GPT hallucinate something that's different from you, as that you actually are very able to quickly identify how you want it to be. So there's actually value in that. And that's what a lot of what we do in our accelerators, we work with people when I just did with you, we do that. So here's what I'll do is I'm gonna throw that in there. And let's see if we can readjust it. Thanks for the clarification that sounds like your work involves helping them find the unique voice hone in their style and create marketable music that resonates with their audience.

[940:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they grapple with lack of clarity, their music identity, leading with unfocused genre bending music, they might be creating songs that are a mix of too many genres, there's confusion. They wish to find their unique identity, the program helps them to find their niche and lean into it. We guide them to create targeted campaigns in their specific genre assisting and producing songs to help make the listeners feel a certain way. Does that sound good?

[947:25] Speaker 6: It sounds killer, I hope everybody else is having fun. Like,

[948:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I'm saying the process that I just went with you through, everybody in here can do this on their own. Yeah, this is nuts. And that's what we do. Oftentimes, we'll come back and forth with our accelerator group and do this with people where it's sometimes it's just the questioning of having somebody bounce it back and forth. That really helps this process I just did with you. That's what Rick and I used to do on the phone together when I would consultant as we would bounce these ideas back and forth like that. Okay, so now let's take this and our final product is we're gonna throw in the expert sales letter prompt. And what this does is it helps align it in a way of how to like, write a good sales letter.

[959:12] Speaker 6: Yeah, honestly, even just talking about this, if I did it well binaural about Spotify, I think part of the language I'd want to use is like Spotify secrets, or something like that. Because it would make people like, there'd be a scarcity of like, I have signed up for this, or I'm going to miss these secrets. And I actually know a lot of secrets. So I can deliver on a title called that you know.

[965:25] Speaker 3: Now I'm going to tell it to write a sales letter for a webinar. And we added that Spotify secrets part, unleash the power of Spotify, it's time for your music to be heard you pouring your heart and soul into music only to be lost in the vast ocean of Spotify, you frustrated that your tracks aren't reaching the audience they deserve. I know what it's like I've been in your shoes, or or you've helped people, you could also say that I've worked with a lot of people who've been right where you are, and we've helped them go from where they're at, to start to gain traction beyond their wildest dreams. You could reframe this and talk about your clients results as well. I discovered Spotify secrets, and they've changed everything for me and my clients. I want to invite you to this, we're going to dive deep into these. It's not just theory, it's practical advice to be able to implement immediately. Now, here's another thing that you can do, just as a sales letter.

[977:59] Speaker 6: Yeah. I feel like that would just sell like hotcakes, people would be duped. And

[979:14] Speaker 3: so that's that's way more emotionally like driven than just like, you know, get big on Spotify. For sure. Yeah. So then the other thing that I like to do is I'll pull some like my own bullet points right here, generate me a list of bullet points about what they will learn, similar to the following template structure, but make it be related to Spotify secrets, webinar above. And so then I'll pull in my template here with these bullet points. And then I'll have it generate me a few like bullet points, unveiling the secrets to get your music hurt on Spotify mastering the art of

[990:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: love, you would use that one detailed step by step strategy to gain and retain dedicated listener base. And so and then what I might do is, I might, if I don't like these right here, let me just even take these. And I'll take these, and I'll go back and I'll reverse engineer back into it. And I'll throw these as the template now the Spotify ones that are generated and see if we're gonna make better ones for me. Okay, revealing Spotify secrets to take your music, we're gonna have a level. Yeah, how to unlock niche finding a revolutionary approach to defining your unique sound, walk through of our detailed, foolproof strategy to attract and maintain an audit. So that's, this becomes now the bullet points of kind of what they're gonna get out of your webinar.

[1001:46] Speaker 6: Yeah, cool. This is I'm like, can you share this chat with me? Yeah,

[1003:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, actually can't. I can't here's, here's the chat.

[1004:47] Speaker 6: It feels so articulated. And the biggest, like takeaway I'm coming away from today is like, do you see the link in the chat? I just sent it to you. Yeah, I'll grab it right now.

[1007:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: But he asked him grab it, just kind of take a look at it. Because that process that I just went through. If you do that for your sales letter, now, it might not get us because Kevin's really clear on his offer. You might not be as clear on your offer. And it might take a few times of testing. What's the feedback that you get from people? How do they respond? Things like that, and that will help you refine it better? Yeah. You froze up there, Kevin.

[1014:59] Speaker 6: Oh, I'm Can you hear me? Yeah, I hear you. Yeah, sorry. It's I was tapping in on my phone. And I don't know if it got it. But I copied the link. So I'll have it for later.

[1017:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. That's the starting place for all of our sales letters that we use. There's one other thing that I like to do. And this was really helpful. For us, we did this with Rick as well was, generate me a hero's journey outline based on the above. Okay, so what it was was, this helps me understand a little bit about the journey that I'm taking people through a musician frustrated, struggling to gain listeners who wants to gain impact on Spotify, they stumbled upon the webinar. Initially, they were skeptical, but they've tried many different things. Finally, they hear the testimonies or stories, whether you have those or not, that's fine. They sign up and attend. They use the insights they decide to re approach it, they begin to apply the strategies and now they start seeing results their listener base starts growing, other music starts getting noticed, despite the growing success, they had a setback, the new release didn't perform as well as possible. So rather than giving up they lean more into the strategies, they analyze their performance, and they continue to leverage what Kevin has taught them to finally release a track that that goes beyond their wildest dreams and now they've reached a goal of becoming a sensation on Spotify. Now, here's something crazy that I like to do with this watch this. Take the following hero This journey outline and find a parallel to any fictional movies, stories, books, TV shows, comic books, or other forms of fictional media.

[1044:41] Speaker 6: Because I see you can do like those meme ads that convert really well or something, oh, it's

[1045:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually more to frame my own mindset about what I'm delivering in my webinar, in the form of a more of a creative narrative. So the idea it says that Rocky is very similar to your process, the idea would be the rocky story. It's the music version of the rocky story. So now check this out with Chad CPT this is this is going to be fun.

[1053:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take the following Hero's Journey outline and do a retelling of the Rocky movie story. But use the following information to tell the story and create a fictional narrative based on this. What we found for Rick his was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which is really funny. We actually hold the Ninja Turtle story in the form of getting their music heard.

[1062:59] Speaker 6: or coffee or what? What's up in like in the webinar, or in sales copy or what

[1064:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just how the process of what he takes people through is this like, he's the Sensei, and they're the Ninja Turtles that he's helping fight crime type thing. You know, whereas what you're doing is a little more like the rocky story is what it's saying based on the sales copy. Let me see here. But I didn't like that it did that based on this. Make the story be an original new narrative based on the idea of musicians getting their music listened to. So I'm gonna take this hero's journey, and see if it can combine rocky with yours and see what it creates. an undiscovered talent spends his night writing music, toiling in a local music store. He pours his heart out, uploading the songs to Spotify. Like I can actually feel that I can visually see that in my head when I talked about that. He stumbled across an ad for a webinar, promising unknown musicians a chance to be visible. he hesitates, he's tried so many quick fixes before but none have gotten him there. Nevertheless, the testimonies swayed him. Fueled by his newfound optimism, he revised his approach takes a new step towards his dreams. And he starts seeing results and starts paying off and he gains traction. Just on the cusp of breakthrough, he finds a setback he, his release, fails to perform doubt starts to creep in. But instead, he rises above he scrutinizes his performance, he realizes what was wrong and his determination paid off. So it's this idea of like rising above our setbacks is a big background narrative of what you're doing. So that's what I look for is I look for what is the background thing that you're raising people up around, and film and movies and TV shows connect with us emotionally. So when I look at my webinar, I see it as I'm telling the story and narrative of coaches that are going to become multimillionaires. Something just just hit me. You know, when I first met, Danny Johnson and I first started working with her, the first thing that I saw was she could tell her story as a TV show or a movie, and it would impact people. And I filter that through how she always taught us how to sell through stories. And so then, because I always love films, I've always correlated sales and marketing, to film storytelling. How do I tell the narrative of my mentoring my mentor client, the client that I mentoring? How do I tell their story in a way that emotionally moves somebody at the same level that a movie would in theaters? And I think that when we start to think about it in that perspective, it's not just our coaching. It's not just our webinar, we're telling the story of our client to them before it happens. And then we're leading them to this ultimate result. And what Chad GBT can do by going through this process, is it can also start to give you confidence, like, you know, Kevin, I want to see 1000 Like, struggling musicians start to just rock it on Spotify. And now we got the we got the we got the Kevin list that's at the top of Spotify. And now it's all your people that you helped, and they're in a playlist, right? And you might have the Kevin pop list the Kevin you know, and and now that even elevates you to a level of being a thought leader in the music streaming space. Yeah, beyond just a coach that helps people with us. You know, that was, again, we also need to start to see bigger vision for our own lives as leaders, you know, this, this, this becomes an avenue for you to take, wherever your upper limit of your career has been, it will unlock the next level for you in that,

[1126:16] Speaker 6: for sure. Yeah, there's a large and you want to go in, there's a lot of stuff that goes behind what we do, like you've probably heard of maths. I think it's Maslow's hierarchy of needs, right? How it's got, like, physiological needs and safety, love and belonging, self in self esteem, and self actualization. And what I find is so many people, they're like, they have little spurts of climbing up to the top of the ladder and getting this self actualization thing. But they can't really stay creative, because they're not in a safe enough environment to remain consistently vulnerable. They're consistently having to revert to, like, make sure bills are paid, because I can't really invest in my career. And I can't do this, because I can't do that. And they feel this internal tug of war. And there's a lack of permission. But there's also sometimes just like, a lack of situational freedom. And so a lot of what I love doing, a lot of people come to me to, like, you know, growing Spotify, and I produce people and written with people. But the thing that I love the most, I think, is just out of everything, or one of the most rewarding aspects of this is helping people find situational freedom, which then shows them, hey, I can find emotional freedom, mental freedom, financial freedom, because once you have one thing out of the water, it's like, it just exposes the rest in like a in a good positive way, you know, and II, that's how a lot of my journey has been, like, as I started finding spiritual freedom, I was like, Oh, I can find financial freedom. And those actually aren't in conflict. And then, you know, they just all sort of helped each other and the world goes round, you know?

[1149:27] Speaker 3: Yeah. And so I just took what you just said to I said, generate a Maslow's hierarchy of needs based on the Spotify secrets webinar. The audience, likely independent artists, basic necessities of life, they have to fulfill their career. They're looking for financial stability, they may seek recognition, they aspire to be recognized for self actualization at this level, they realize their full potential, and fulfillment from their music, they aim to express themselves authentically and make a significant impact in their field. So yeah,

[1157:55] Speaker 6: that's cool. That gives me interesting ideas, I think, to do the to do a webinar. And also, I love the idea, the movie thing, because I think juxtaposing something so foreign, that could be scary with like a comforting, familiar concept, almost put on a little bit of a hypnosis kind of stay does, yes, if they can. physic goes under that energetic way. But

[1164:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: when it's when there's something familiar that they recognize, I think that that's hypnosis, I don't know, I don't know much about the idea of hypnosis. But I know that when people I say resonate with the words that you use on your landing page, and they identified themselves in it, and they can see it, it does bring down the skepticism barrier of people. Sure trust goes up overall. And this is this is the this is the other book that you know, this is the other book that I'm going to be given away at the end here is this one, all of our clients, and basically just these two books that I tell people they need to read and study as much as possible. This one is all about. That's awesome, Cheryl, this one is all about the way that you sell to people, as you get people to trust that you your company, your offer, and your and your business are going to deliver on the promised result. So once people get to that place of trust, that Kevin is going to make them blow up on the Spotify charts when they believe that they will invest whatever you ask them to financially, and they're in alignment. And they really truly are at a place of I am willing to make this happen in their life. A lot of people can tell you, I'm willing to make this happen, but they show it by making that investment. And that's a big reason why I have the VIP here. And these events because ultimately, when people do the VIP investment, they're showing to me that they are actually serious about learning how to make this stuff work.

[1189:39] Speaker 2: Yeah. Cool.

[1190:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: This dialogue has been really cool. Because every single one of y'all can literally translate this to your business and I think it's gonna, I think you're gonna have fun I would take the recording of this VIP once it's in the members area, and go through what I did with Kevin, and just filter in your own unique topics for your your offer. And I think you're gonna be surprised as to like, what it is, is we're creating emotion where there is not any emotion. We're creating an emotional experience with our sales copy before or are they even joined the webinar. So like, like, I can feel internally, the idea of like the rocky narrative with the Spotify story, and how, you know, Kevin becomes their their guru that changes their life. And that's exactly what you guys need to do as well. The VIP q&a is over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And so you can log in there with your your with your email address. And if you don't know the login, there's like a forgot password thing you can do when you sign up for the VIP created you an account in there, and you'll find the recordings to everything in there. So all right. All right, everybody, I'm excited, this has been great. This gives me a lot to go off of what we're going to be talking about tomorrow. It's funny, we haven't gotten as many questions about advertising on this as much as we normally do. And so I might touch a little bit on some of the ad stuff. But I think we're gonna keep going in a little bit more on what I even shared with Kevin, and diving deeper into some of that, because this is really the foundation of what leads your offer, to actually converting to those sales, those words that you say when we say what are the words that we say, to get people to take action? This is it when they emotionally feel charged and excited about what we're promising. It moves people and it moves them to show up to listen to you. You know that artists that wants to get on the charts of Spotify, they will move heaven and earth to listen to Kevin tell them how to do it. But if he just said, Hey, I'm going to show you how to use Spotify, and let's say all you said is I'm gonna show you how to top the charts to Spotify. And that's all you said. And it was just real simple and vanilla. You probably wouldn't get anybody actually showing up to listen to it. But it's once you add that emotion in there, and we start telling that narrative and we start really exploring some of those ideas that it starts to, it starts to click,

[1234:16] Speaker 6: can I interject real quick? There's something that was really helpful in what you just said. And I understood, like I've heard people say, like, copy is like have having people not just understand what you said, but feel what you said that kind of thing. And a lot of times when I'm writing something just from the jump and I'm not like dialoguing like the dialogue was super helpful piece to get get where we are. But also, I find myself almost like projecting, like, feel what I'm feeling you know, and it's this like, pushy, kind of gross energy, right? Yeah. And so talking about a story that wasn't me. I don't know what it felt like helpfully disassociated, like we're at the same, like, opposite sides. And I'd love like to learn more skills on how to like, quickly generate that, because for me, that's not something that's, I can just like, hop on a treadmill and run with it. No.

[1249:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. That's awesome. All right, everybody. I'm gonna I'm gonna end our q&a here. We've been we've been talking for a little for a minute. So thanks, everybody, for being here. Again, we still got two more days left. And I think you guys are going to be amazed by what we share over the next two days. Because this is going to how do you take this from just okay, they feel the emotion of your landing page. To then they actually take action of purchase from you. That's a nuance in and of itself. You know, we initially about two years ago, when we were running offers with with Rick, he did. He did a couple of webinars and they didn't sell anything. And it was it was because there's a structure to how to actually get people to take action when you do your webinar. And there's a cadence of how to do that. And so we'll also go over that as well. We shared a little bit about that this past Saturday, but we'll be touching on that at the end as well. So the link to the the link to the VIP replay, you're gonna find that again, I did share it earlier. It's over on members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you can log in there to access that. So it's members at Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you can't find it, just go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. We've made it really easy for you type in my website or go find a link somewhere. And in the menu at the very bottom it says login right here. So that login button will then take you to actually log in to the members area backend to access your recordings. Okay. All right, everybody, have a good one and I will see you all tomorrow. Talk soon.

