2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-10-03T20:08:55.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: W1LUEKht9ao9oxOZQ2HBIf6pMwQ
---

[1:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: stream this out?

[3:26] Speaker 1: Oh, that's great. Perfect. All righty.

[5:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Boy here what's up everybody, welcome. Bonus q&a. And you know, we double and triple check that we put the right link out there, which is great. So we should have enough people actually jumping in live here with us, which is cool. If you have not been on a bonus live q&a with me the way this works is you ask a question and I

[13:12] Speaker 1: answer it.

[13:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pretty simple. Pretty simple. So let me see I'm gonna check again, the emails that we sent out and then check Facebook group, we'll check the chat list. If you got questions. Be sure to post those questions in the chat below. So that I've been really thinking about is the fact that we need to as business owners step up and be

[19:17] Speaker 1: the CEOs

[20:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we are called and, and meant to be that we're called to be that we're that we're meant to step into. And I think that that's very important. I think that oftentimes we can sort of, especially as we go into business for ourselves, we still act with the same habits as an employee. And I think that that can be very dangerous. And something that we really do want to watch out for is if we're operating like an employee acting like an employee, and having I guess you could say like employee energy. Again, this is not knocking people that are employees, like all of us have been an employee, we've all had to work for somebody else. But I teach people how to make millions of dollars online as a CEO in an information education, training, mentoring, or coaching business, and so that requires a different level of, I guess you could say showing up in your life showing up in your business, specifically. And so to step up to step into that level of you being the CEO that you're meant to be that you're called to be that you were born to be, you got to see yourself as that from the get from the beginning, from the start, you got to see yourself as somebody who who is a

[43:10] Speaker 1: CEO, who is leading people

[44:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and not just waiting to be told what to do that is assertive that asks for what they want. You know, and so I think that that's, that's really, really important. That's really important to do. Let me see if I can grab the grab the Zoom link here and put it in one of my other groups here, I just want to make sure that everybody has the Zoom link. Um, just make sure if you grab the Zoom link from the stream that you actually use your or make sure that you actually use your name when you come in here. Because otherwise we're gonna work will block anybody who's you know, either nefarious or trying to use somebody else's name, but we'll put the stream link. I'll put it in the comments below.

[61:21] Speaker 1: Let's see

[62:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: during the stream here, so anyways, this is a live q&a. I'm gonna be here for the next hour. You're seeing me online. This is an open q&a Open q&a session. Anybody can jump into to ask me questions about their mentorship business, getting clients making money online. I love the fact that when I do these because I open these up to my whole email list. Very few people actually sign up for them. That's a great example of the fact that you have no focus to something for people to jump into. Very few actually will versus I get literally get hundreds of people who show up when I'm doing a webinar. And we told people about this for a week. So it's very interesting. What's up, William, what's up, Beth, how are y'all? Welcome on over. Just us here today. This a couple people here. It's honestly I realized a great example of the fact that every time I do these bonus q&a, I send it to my whole list. Like everybody can be like there could be hundreds of people on here. But there is very few people that join when it's just a open q&a. It's because people there's no focus so Like, because it's open q&a, and it's not like about a topic, I'll have 100 people show up for a webinar about starting a business is what I was saying. But like open q&a, two people show up. And it's like, you know, it shows like that is the difference between having a focused topic versus just hey, talk to me, I'm here with value. And that's a great example too, as to why selling group coaching can be an example because you can attach a specific topic to your group coaching versus one on one coaching is a little bit more open ended. And that becomes actually I think, one of the same challenges right there. If you do one on one coaching, make sure that it's for a specific topic. I started marketing my one on one coaching a specific topic of like, ads and copywriting and all that. And we got way more, one on one clients at that level. I just got a haircut to like an hour ago. So anyways, if you got a question, let me let me know. I'm glad the links and stuff are working. Gosh, last week was like, give me a headache. There was I always hate when there's like, the links don't work and things like that. My goodness. What's up, William? How are you? Oh, goodness, I just hold on. I had the lid open on my shake. And I shook it. Yeah, I've

[100:44] WilliamN: done that before my car. Not good. Oh, well.

[101:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's let's keep rolling with it. All right. So quick question

[102:48] WilliamN: for you. So you and I talked a little bit last week when you had to cue the VIP and everything and it was amazing last week. Thank you. So I'm just trying to make some decisions here. So like I said, just trading group and I also was in her inner circle. I learned a lot through that process.

[106:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay.

[107:28] WilliamN: So I don't have any material online. I have no presence currently online. I like to eventually create a course. Yeah. Awesome. book ideas and whatnot.

[110:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Grab some paper towel here.

[111:03] WilliamN: Clean yourself up.

[112:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right here behind the camera. So

[112:58] WilliamN: you are prepared. You have a kid so that's understandable. Oh, yeah, I

[113:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: got the kid. Well, I got a cat that basically lives in my office. So she lives in here. Because the dogs attack her out there. So

[115:59] Speaker 3: oh, I

[116:21] WilliamN: can imagine.

[116:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I told my accountant. I was like, Can I write her off? He's like, No, you can't. He's like, he's like, if you build like a whole brand around her, and she is the reason for at least 50% of your income, then yes. But she's not I don't have I don't build a brand around kitty. Maybe I'll make her the CEO of the company, and then we'll pay her salary.

[122:40] WilliamN: Hey, that may work.

[123:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm kidding. I don't think that would work. All right. Yeah. So I heard what you said. I'll say one thing, and I wanted to hear you real quick. I know, a lot of people in our program start without a lot of material. And they it comes together for them as they're in there. But specifically people who've gone through my mom's stuff and inner circle, I would say those people are getting the most value out of my program, because they have that foundation already. And a lot of what I add builds upon that, I mean, my mom is is incredible. We, and I'm and I'm finding like I have my message, and then she's got hers. And I'm so and now that like she's retiring from the inner circle, you know, we're literally working up a really cool campaign right now for people can buy basically lifetime access to all of her recordings, which is cool. It's amazing.

[137:13] Speaker 3: But with that,

[138:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: my program really truly is 100% a continuation of what she was doing in the inner circle, but focused on coaches, mentors, trainers, authors, versus like, she touches a little bit more on E commerce. And so a few other things outside of that. But yeah, I think even if you're just starting out, go have any material, I think you'll get a lot of value being in there, for sure. At least try it out for the 30 days.

[145:23] WilliamN: And definitely I think that's what I'm going to do. I guess I just wanna make sure I'm not wasting your time because I'm, again, I'm at a place where, you know, unemployed right now. Sorry, I've been here all this but unemployed right now facing bankruptcy for 49. I'm like, Whoa, I gotta change something and look where I'm at right now. Okay, I really want to change something. So I buy commerce and online business. But

[151:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: also jumpstart training tomorrow will be really good for you. Because I'm going to I'm going to show you how to make take them get the most out of it and the 30 days, okay, as what it is. And so that's tomorrow, if you can't make it live at least during the recording, but I'd love to have you on there live too. And then we have that mastermind October 20 through the 21st and that's really fun. Beth were you on one of the last one of those we did the offer Launchpad. It's really cool. Because we get to spend time not just in like an hour but like An hour break our like all day for two days. And it's really an immersive type of a thing to really dial in your offer and your language and all of that. And to come up with these ideas, even if it's just you walk away, I'd like even in the first month, William, you can walk away, at least with clarity as to like, Okay, this is how I'm going to be able to get out of this situation that I'm in and create a business that I that I that I want to do. Now, what you'll want to challenge yourself with is, again, shiny object syndrome is a real thing, we don't want to just get caught up in the next thing. I encourage people this, I feel like when it comes to mentoring and coaching, a lot of people have had a thing that they've wanted to build a coaching or course business around for a couple of years. And and really that thing is where it comes out of because what's effective, and mentoring and coaching comes from the heart. And it comes from inside. And it's a lot more than just surface level. Like you took a course. And now you're a mentor. And so I would I would say that you'll get some clarity in this next month on like, really? How to monetize the last, you know, length of your, what I say is really how do you monetize your past? How do you monetize your history, and then create a future for yourself that's financially better by basically

[182:49] Speaker 3: collecting

[183:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: on all of the things that you've learned, financially from your past, like, it's almost like you, you've had all of this, it's built up to this moment in time in your life. This is really cool. I'm almost I'm like, you know, like my, I'm feeling I'm getting like a download supernaturally here for some language. Maybe like our past, we can always look back. And it's like, you know, things could have been better. When it comes to financially as a mentor and coach, you get to financially collect on all of the hits that you've taken for the last 30 years. That's what mentoring and coaching lets you do. And I think that that's a really cool, like thing to think about is that we're able to bring that in there. And then we're able to find how do we translate that to help another person learn from our experience?

[196:13] WilliamN: That's good. And that helps a whole lot. So my one last question about though is, is once once we joined the program and everything and we eventually get to a place where we do ads and whatnot, is that a lot of money to do that upfront? Or can you do a

[200:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: lot of the ads starting out, I tell people two to $300 for a campaign. So you could do like one campaign in a month. And so that breaks down to about seven and a half to $10 a day. Now my mom taught the $5 a day approach, five to $10 a day. With inflation, we're looking at about seven and a half to 10 up to maybe 1520 bucks a day is sort of kind of our like, but you can still literally build a sustainable business starting with that size of a budget to prove your offer. The goal is once that's profitable, you raise your budget. And now things start to scale for you. And I think you can make something profitable in the first month launching launching out like that. So

[212:49] WilliamN: perfect. Great. Great. All right. All right, great. Thanks, Jeremiah.

[213:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Anybody else? Raise your hand. That's our bonus q&a here. If you got a got a question. Want to chat about anything? Talk about anything, either raise your hand on camera or raise it? In the window here, raise it on the

[217:31] Speaker 1: Zoom. thing. All right.

[220:45] Speaker 1: Hey, Jeremiah. Yeah. Hey,

[221:27] Speaker 4: um, I'm that person. When I hear you talk about, you know, these people who have an idea, or five years later, they're still talking. Oh, yeah. That's me.

[224:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I also know your your trauma, too, is been a journey for you. So I know that Yeah.

[225:56] Speaker 4: But it's yeah, it's it's gotten better. And I've, you know, just last time we kind of updated about where we sold our business, we have a brick and mortar business. But wow. We sold the business last year. And then the person that bought it. He was not as business savvy as he purported to be. Yeah. And so we took it back. So I spent all summer doing that. And then we last week, we sold it again. Okay. I'm here helping the new people

[235:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: make money both times. Yeah. You know what, like that you can see that as a blessing right there. So there you go.

[237:45] Speaker 4: Well, and you know, it's funny because my husband, my husband's been in the we've had floorcovering store. He's been doing this for 53 years, and we've had this business for four Woody, I haven't been here that long. We're covering

[240:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: store. Yeah, like so like tile and carpet one.

[241:41] Speaker 4: Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, that's a good that's

[242:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: a good business to be in. There's always people that need product. I mean, yeah.

[243:17] Speaker 4: The way we think entrepreneurial, like when we found somebody else to buy the business, he's much better qualified. I was like, I need another business to.

[246:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's really cool. And honestly, because y'all have done that twice. You can build a whole mentorship around how to sell a business, how to exit, and then how to acquire an exit. I mean, it's, there's a lady, I love her content. She kind of got my mom's, like, same type of spiciness to her. Yeah. Cody Sanchez, right here. And so Cody Sanchez teaches people about basically buying and selling she calls them boring businesses that aren't like sexy, but yeah, they they make you a lot of money. And you could, you can either invest it, but like, so like, look at some of her content, even, you know, and even Pace, pace Morbi. He's more on the real estate side of things really cool. But like, the way that he markets the way that she does, I could totally see you building a lot of the like, similar types of questioning content. And she talks about how most businesses fail, what they're struggling with all of that. I look at her views. I mean, I'm talking like she's, she's very successful, like she's done that she's done the businesses. And now she's got the courses. Here's the other thing, too. The fact that y'all that's a great selling factor that even like I can't say, I've only ever worked in the course and mentoring industry. Now, it's an advantage to me, I've been in this industry for 20 years. So like, I've gotten my my boots dirty, so to speak, really, you don't get your boots dirty in this business, but you get your you get your hands and it affects your mind and thinking a lot. But you know, you've been in the trenches in your husband has of owning and operating businesses before you even started teaching people. So that validates you a whole lot. That's something that I would just I've just had a thought of I was like, I need to tell her this.

[276:55] Speaker 4: Wow, that's cool. Because when I had thought that I would do something to help consumers learn how to shop for flooring. And I talk about that a lot. I do a lot of networking. But you know, people in the community that I like referral partners and people like that, that come to me for social media help. So I've got to, I've got the two things. So but I

[282:37] Speaker 3: wouldn't be

[283:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you Yeah, that's great. I mean, I think I think you got a lot of different things you could monetize.

[284:49] Speaker 4: Is it is it crazy though? i Some people feel like we you're not kind of all over the place. But I just say no, I am multi passionate. And everything I do I have that thread of social media. I was kind of joking the other day with somebody and said, I think my husband and I should do a podcast about couples working together.

[289:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's great. There's, those are really trendy lately.

[290:30] Speaker 4: Yeah. Because we've worked together for 21 years, we've worked well. We're still married.

[292:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: worked together for 21 years and is still married. That's the name of the podcast

[293:36] Speaker 4: there. Yeah. For sure. I do. I want to thank you so much. Because I've listened, you know, I've been I've been in and out of that. The Climb birth accelerator. I mean, I've been a member, but I haven't been able to catch everything. But the other day, I heard your training, I made some notes and things just really started clicking. And I've had people tell me, they want me to do like social media workshops. So I went to chat GPT and I put in, oh my gosh, I'm so excited for what it gave me. I mean, I'm just like, oh my gosh, this

[302:32] Speaker 3: is very cool. So it's awesome.

[303:31] Speaker 4: Everything that you're doing, and I'm glad that you don't think I'm crazy, because I'm all over it. Like I have just got all kinds of ideas. And yeah, you have the bandwidth to do it. Why not?

[306:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Hey, I've uh, you know, that's a whole other stream that you guys could create a a mentoring business around right there. Anybody who had been together married for 20 years. I mean, you got people like me, I've been married seven years. And I'm like, I need to learn some stuff. You know,

[311:11] Speaker 3: I got stuff to learn. This morning, I

[312:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: came home and I brought I brought Abigail some flowers, which is great. She loved that. So she's having she's she you know, it's having a nine month old is fun. Really is it's great. It's great. We love it. But my goodness. It's teaching us so much about ourselves. So

[317:48] Speaker 1: I can't believe you've been married seven years already.

[318:42] Speaker 3: Six years, but still.

[319:26] Speaker 4: I remember seeing the pictures when y'all got

[319:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: me. Yeah Ah, yeah, it's one of the 2017 Yes, six years, we've been dating nine years are together nine years. So we dated for three and a half. And I mean, as another thing, like, what is really fun, we committed to stay pure before marriage to, which is awesome. It was definitely harder for three and a half years, but But it's something like I love to, like, share with that with people that we really like, did that and it's awesome. We love it every day, it's like, even on the hard days where like, it's worth it 100% It's so worth it to have somebody and for those who don't, if anybody is single, that's watching this, um, some of the stuff that you'll learn in the accelerator will help you grow in that area, I think in your relationships, and even being able to, I guess you could say, market yourself if you want to meet somebody. So just a little side effect type of a thing. All right. Anybody else got any other questions? I know, we're just kind of chatting here.

[338:48] Speaker 3: What's up? Loreen?

[339:39] Speaker 1: All right, are you? Good? How are you? Good. This is, I'm sure gonna be redundant. When does it start? And I don't have something in place like a lot of people do. Yeah, and am I going to get behind and is it you know, on your own

[344:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: pace, let's say tell you this, most of the people who come in, they either have something in place and change it or they don't have something. And the reason because they're just not making any money. So they're all really starting up. Most of the people who come into our program are at zero when it comes to like their financial income from it. So they they're all where you're at. And we have material in there, we're going to start adding even more material, because we really are going to lean into that group with people that are starting, we've served and have amazing content to help you scale. And now I'm adding in even more content around people that are just starting to, which is which is great. As far as like, when does the program start? It's an ongoing program that we ask people stay in for at least a year, and you can continue after the year. There's a 30 day kind of trial period with a money back guarantee on that 30 days. So it's like, you got to pay for the 30 days, but we'll give you your money back. If you're like, hey, it's not for me. And then we have a jumpstart training tomorrow at 3pm, which is anytime I open the doors, I do a jumpstart the next day just to get all all the new members that have come in, up to speed with everybody. But it really is more of a like, I see it as like a highway that everybody's on and we help you kind of merge on the highway where you're wherever you're at this type of a thing. And we've really developed it that way, on purpose because that's a model that we also want to pass on to all of our members to do is to is to create this to where you can have an evergreen type program. And that's what we do, like our program is evergreen. Anybody can come in, we have the live calls, the live trainings, live interaction, where I'm constantly adding new trainings to the members area based on like, we're hearing a lot of people come in that are like, Hey, I'm just starting, I need help. So I'm seeing that as a need for me to add, I'm gonna, I'm gonna probably in the next month or so make a course, that's really a deep dive into making those decisions. When you're starting. just now starting, what I've done is I actually have, I'll give you like a little reference, and I'll share this tomorrow. I have like five or six full trainings that are just on my YouTube channel for people that are just starting. So those are like free. And that'll kind of give you like a good starting place to go through, you can check those out on YouTube. And then what I encourage people to do as part of the starting process is putting something out there to see how the Marketplace responds. So it's not like, Okay, we're gonna map it out on a whiteboard and come up with it, and we're gonna perfect it. In theory, before we put it out there, part of the perfecting process of starting is to put something out there, see what kind of feedback we get, see how the Marketplace responds to it. So it does, we really, I believe in kind of throwing people in the deep end and then teaching them how to swim and set up teaching people like how to swim and then progressively getting them there. That's sort of my approach to it. And I find that that's just a lot quicker, because the other way of doing it, man, like you can take years, and I've seen it happen like a year or two perfecting your idea. Whereas if you just kind of jump in and you sort of use that feedback to do that, you'll actually start to make money and cashflow way faster. At least within like being in the pro going on for a year if you're doing stuff, and if you're launching stuff I've seen consistently people that are launching, it might take six months, it might take three months. But people, you'll start to see that profit really start to come in and it becomes profitable at that point. What's it doing up to that point, you might run a campaign $300 in ad spend, the program you're selling is 500. Maybe you sell one and you made 200 bucks, that's not like, oh, my gosh, I'm gonna go and quit my job making 200 bucks, but like that validates it at least. And so that's the results that generally I like to see for our beginners, at least the first or second time out. And that's where we really can help you is guide and direct and come alongside you on your messaging, what's the right topic to coach people on? We're I'm really leaning into even directing people on some of their topics and ideas more. We didn't do that so much for the last year, because I was kind of navigating, do I want to take that approach, but that's where I'm transitioning into, is really helping people. Okay, let's really dial in with the best topic that's most profitable for you is, and so where you're at right now is a great fit to try the program out for 30 days and and see how it is for you see how you like it?

[422:41] Speaker 1: Okay, what if I don't use the tools that you have, I've been working on a website, but I'm still trying to figure out exactly what I'm, what my lane is.

[425:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the software tools, quote, unquote,

[427:02] Speaker 3: are

[427:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: independent of what we actually teach how you use them. So like what I teach in the program can apply to any sort of software tool. If we're talking about frameworks, and like how to promote the business, how to get clients, we generally recommend through social media, organic and paid social media, growing your email list,

[432:44] Speaker 1: doing

[433:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, you can do your we have a lot of people that they they don't really feel comfortable doing webinars. So their first opt in offer was an e book. And they got leads that way. And then the next month, they did a webinar, because they felt that confidence from doing that. So I'm okay with that. The problem is eBooks are way less effective at selling your program, then doing a video connection with people so, but like, that's really fluid inside of the program. But some way we grow your email list make offers to people like we taught during the five day event, that's our system, and that there's really not a whole lot of room for deviation outside of that system inside of it. Because it's so effective. And a lot of the other methods are just not as effective that I found.

[445:14] Speaker 1: So hopefully that makes sense. Okay, thank you. Yeah. What's up, William?

[446:48] WilliamN: So you kind of touched on something I was curious about. So in the training is a little bit of help to try to really pinpoint and narrow in your

[449:12] Speaker 3: niche. Yeah. Okay, cool. Now, whether it's okay, so what

[450:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm adding, I'm doing a whole new course that I'm going to be creating here in the next month or so that really goes deeper than we ever have into that, which is cool. Sounds cool. Yeah,

[454:15] WilliamN: I have some ideas already. I just kind of want to get to the D is actually more profitable than just ideas out there.

[455:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, totally. Chat. GPT is really the great like, way to kind of brainstorm a lot of that. And so like asking chat, GPT, you know, hey, I have these ideas. What do you think are the best ways to monetize this in a coaching or mentoring business? And having it as well, here's, here's, here's a great way to use chat JpT. So like, you know, Chad CBT is multi functional. It's like the Swiss Army knife of. And it's really cool how it does this. So like, if I wanted to generate me content, it can do that. But if I want it to, like actually take a role of giving me advice, it can also do that. And that's something that I really like. And so one way that I do this is and I recommend this if you're just starting out. So let's try to act as if you are a consultant to coaches and mentors and want to make at least a half a million dollars in the mentorship business. And you are a high level consultant that knows exactly what niche and topic are most profitable. You have all the research, you understand the ins and outs of running Facebook ads, what people respond to through Facebook ads, et cetera. I want you to ask me some questions a series of at least 10 questions

[478:31] Speaker 3: that will pull

[479:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: out of me what the best niche is that I could be mentoring. on. And then after my responses, I want you to follow up with at least two or three more questions to really dive deeper and help me make an informed decision. I just came up with that prompt on the fly, I need to add that to my prompt document. So y'all can copy and paste it. So look at this chat GPT now, like, has this brain installed into it that it's going to really help you narrow your niche and yourself by asking you these different questions.

[487:35] Speaker 1: Stuff like that, which is really cool.

[488:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then oh, here's some that I've never thought of. You also apply this form of reasoning based on the following text. To the questions above, and our process, this is something I've never done before.

[494:55] Speaker 1: What I'm about to do it all right.

[496:03] Speaker 3: Let me see, um

[498:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, let me see all my PDFs.

[503:36] Speaker 3: Let me see here real quick. Um

[505:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is really cool. And I'm gonna show you what I'm about to do. So, you know, like, there's transcripts of all my courses and stuff in here. And some of my courses have a workbook. So I had a course that I did. And a lot of people have gotten this for free. If you join some of my free stuff that we've done. I did a course it's really like it was my best course. Up until last year, it's still I recommend everybody go through it irresistible offers that sell. And I have this right here. Who are you selling to? And I have these questions about what to consider with? Who are you selling to? I'm gonna copy that in the chat GPT and tell it to use that in its way of thinking. So it's asking what are you truly passionate about? What outcome? Are you visualizing understanding your customer? And then I'm going to ask it one more time.

[521:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: To ask a series of questions. Ask a series of questions based on the above, in all previous prompts to help us get the most fast results. It's not even spelled right but that's okay.

[528:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, personal laminate idea what specific topics do you feel immensely passionate about? What unique skills maybe three skills you have? What notable achievements if you had in the past? What are three possible problems you can solve? Leave any of these blank that you don't know, which is fine? Do you want to do do it yourself done for you or done with you? Do you already have testimonies? Do you plan? How do you plan to build trust with the audience? Well, we know this is going to be webinars. We saw this one's interesting. I guess you don't really need to answer those those ones. How do you envision reaching out to the audience Facebook ads? Okay, cool. So like, these are like ideas that you can use to come up with and I'll copy this into the chat here. So you can kind of grab this. That's some really cool ways to be able to like dial in your niche with chat. GBT just having a dialogue with you that way. Cool.

[543:03] WilliamN: That's awesome, man. Yeah, actually, one less question. I'll be done. Yeah. So in the course, do you cover anything about because I want to later on as I move through this, this program, kind of create YouTube videos and blogs that connect together as a whole? Yeah. Do you do cover any of that at all? In the course

[548:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I cover about, I will actually have an upcoming course that we're starting this week, that's going to cover a lot of that. Okay, good. That's gonna be all about like, how to come up with topics for content creation, whether it be across blogs, or podcasts, YouTube videos, and social media content. Sweet, awesome. We have a course in there. I did two, two and a half years ago, that touches on that, but this one is going to kind of be next level. And it's going to use a lot of some AI stuff that we're doing right now, which is cool.

[555:47] WilliamN: That's sort of and that's awesome. Thank you.

[556:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, like one thing I did, I was out today at the store and I asked chat GPT I said I just dictated this into my phone. I said act as if you're an expert at writing Facebook ads, and I just dictated So I'm not thinking like an elite CEO, and I wrote me like a few Facebook posts that I'm going to go back and kind of edit later. But like, you know, I want I want, I want this to be geared towards coaches, and mentors who are stepping into owning their own business for the first time. So let's, let's see, remember, you're not just stepping into a new business, you're stepping into leadership, embrace an elite CEO mindset from day one. Don't hover in the middle or wait for instructions, you set the course command your space, own your expertise, and watch your vision become a reality. Coaches lead by example, now's the time to shine. So that's a pretty good like piece of content right there that I can put out on my social media, based off of just this thought process that I was thinking while I was walking around in my day, which is, which is pretty cool. So and then another thing like what chat GBT, I'm just kind of trying to just throw a bunch of value at you right now. Generate a YouTube video script based on the above.

[579:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Remember, that moment, when you decided to start, it wasn't just about launching a business, but it was embracing a leadership role. The beauty is you're not just imparting knowledge, you're leading by example, from day one, the mindset you need isn't that of an employee waiting for the next task. You're the captain, you're the CEO of your empire. So this gives you some really kind of cool ideas for being able to like, script out even YouTube videos and content, which at GBT verse off base off of just, it was just a spark of a thought that I had while I was walking through the grocery store. And I can come back later and even refine it into something. And so then like, you know, convert this into a blog post. And I would go back and I would edit a lot of this too. But just looking at it generating this content. It's even giving me language now that I hadn't thought of to actually express my thoughts. So like, I might not use this as a blog post. But I go in, and I haven't generate this, because it's starting to give me better language to maybe express what I'm thinking with people.

[598:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like this is this is I wouldn't use this as a blog post. But I like some of the ideas that it's generating right here. And then I might do okay, you are a Facebook

[601:12] Speaker 3: content expert,

[602:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate a highly engaging Facebook post based on the above. And so it has all that above it. And now let's see what it kind of creates a post. Every coach and mentor embarks on the transformative journey that's more than just about business but shaping lives. Ever wondered about the heart of coaching? It's leading by example. Embracing an elite CEO mindset Mark solet. I don't know the testimony thing that I threw in there, but it's pretty it's pretty interesting, like kind of how you can use chat GBT to help give you ideas for content for you know, generate me 20 titles for a podcast for for a podcast episode based on the above, you know, and this will help you brainstorm you know, from expert to CEO, that's actually pretty that's actually really cool. You know, leading by example, the cornerstone of effective coaching. So these are all like titles that you could, you could use for podcasts. Generate me 20 titles for free webinars that I could promote via Facebook ads.

[623:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Turn your passion into profit five steps, power branding. Sales funnels, simply like this gives us some really cool ideas for like webinar titles to

[625:59] Speaker 1: charge EBT is

[626:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: where as where your brainstorming is really going to start. What I try to do with a lot of our clients is I want to unlock sort of that playfulness as one part of it, being willing to just play around with chat GPT you know, not overanalyzing not overthinking about it getting kind of getting out of our own head not of our own way.

[631:49] Speaker 1: And then

[632:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: crafting an idea that we could launch quickly within 14 to 30 days to get something to get something off the ground. You know, I right now and I take 30 days to now launch my offers. I or no 14 days left my offers cuz I'm going to market something for 14 days. I have a webinar coming up at the end of the month that I have planned. This is the title of it and I've never actually done this As title before, it's a brand new topic for me create your own six figure digital course from scratch. So like that's going to be a webinar on Saturday, October 28. Just to grow my email list that I'm going to do, and my goal is my mom and I are doing the week before that we're doing a thing for the inner circle, and she's gonna give me the mic to be able to promote this to some people, which is cool, which is awesome. So but that's how I came up with that idea, from seeing a lot of people using the term digital course digital courses as a thing. And I'm going to teach people really like coaching is where it's at. But But it starts with thinking about creating your own course, I think is where a lot of people start out on that journey. So, and Chad GBT helps us brainstorm all that.

[653:30] Speaker 3: All right. All right. Um,

[654:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, yes. Amy Porterfield, Rick Pitino, Dean Grazi OC, Tony Robbins, as well as Richard Dinah, Russell Brunson. And Pedro are also marketing around the digital courses thing, which is cool. All right. Anybody else got any other questions? We got our open q&a here. Another 20 minutes. I'll still be here taking questions. This is open for anybody. As we mentioned, the the accelerator. The doors in the accelerator. Oh, yeah, I got got the new haircut of a yes. In the accelerator, the doors are open

[666:09] Speaker 1: 10 more hours. Now,

[667:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, I might not close them right at right at midnight. But I bet as soon as I wake up at eight, the morning, I I shut it down. But like, we anchor it around being 10 hours, you know, doors closed at midnight. But basically you have until the night or before I wake up in the morning to jump in. And then it's gonna go back to a waiting list. And you'll have to get on the waiting list. And we're giving you these three courses for free, just for trying it out. So you get to keep these landing page blueprint, the structure of a landing page, how to put that together, we've got a lot of really good reviews for that it's one of the most important courses that we have that we put together a funnel building made easy for Squarespace, if you want to learn using the Squarespace tool, it's very simple and then optimizing your time to get the most out of your time. I think that that's also one of the most important forces because,

[682:18] Speaker 1: you know, if you can't control your time,

[683:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: it'll control you. And then you can't really create anything, you know, like that applies to any business. That's business one on one right there. Oftentimes our time management, my biggest issue with my own time management has always actually more come from my worries and fears, and trying to manage situations and not prioritizing things well. And so it's kind of a hybrid mindset course, with some real strategies on how to get the most out of your time how to create, how to maybe even create time where you don't feel like you don't have any. And so those are three courses that you're gonna get for free, just for trying the program out for

[694:15] Speaker 3: 30 days with us. All right.

[695:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, anybody raise your hand if you got any other questions here.

[696:11] Speaker 3: I'll be here for another 20 minutes.

[698:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, I listened to the Elon Musk documentary the other day. And I don't know documentary autobiography or biography is really good. The Elon Musk biography is really good by Walter Isaacson. And I just started the Leonardo da Vinci one yesterday, so if anybody has any other any questions related to anything, whether it be your business where you're at, if you're feel like you're stuck with anything, got questions, maybe you're just thinking about getting into business. Maybe you hate me and want to give me a piece of your mind, whatever it is, let me know. Give me some tips on how to listen to an audiobook. Oh, yeah. So I grabbed I have an audible membership. And so it gives me like one a month but I have so many and I have like I've been a member for a long time.

[715:24] Speaker 3: So 15 bucks a month.

[716:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's worth it and they let you return books within a year like I've returned. So like I'll listen to a book and generally like, if I don't listen to it all the way they'll let you return it. Just for my own integrity. If I have Listen to it all the way I'm not going to return it. Because I went through it if I hated the book, I will. If I thought it was a waste of my time yeah, I'll be like, this was terrible and I'll return it you know, there are some books that are I just I feel like okay, this was they copied this from chat GPT and, and that's what that was. That wasn't even a book. That wasn't even worth reading. But now the Elon Musk one was really good. Definitely. I think I think you'd like that one. I have a for sure.

[728:38] Speaker 5: The CEO, we don't have the advantage of highlighting the text or you know, yeah, awesome notes. And then we want to go and review the book as we highlight it, then it will be a quick review. So we don't how do you do that with an audiobook?

[732:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't an audio book is kind of more of a passive thing. For me, I if I really liked something, I'll just take it to memory and kind of chew on it a little bit. Yeah, I love I love Audible it's great. See here I have actually have two accounts, though, that we paid for. So we have one account i i share it with my father in law. This is a recent book I just read my mom's book The heavens are for sale gap selling.

[743:27] Speaker 3: So these are like some of my books that I bought

[744:31] Speaker 1: Dan Kennedy

[745:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got like four pages of stuff this is this is our start of the account a lot of got a lot of like spiritual growth books in here, too. So yeah, that's a good one, keep your loved one but any so

[750:05] Speaker 5: typically, you will listen to audiobooks in the morning or you going out for a walk, you're when I'm

[751:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: able to when I when I don't have to pay attention to a lot of like stuff around me. So like, if I'm writing copy, I'll actually listen to an audiobook usually. It actually helps me write better copy to flip my brain like that. It's very interesting. You know, when I used to do a lot, like a lot of consulting, I would open up a video game while I was on a zoom call consulting people. And I don't do that anymore. And actually how I noticed I could think more clearly if I was doing something else. So I listened to an audio book when I'm writing copy and that kind of gets me to not focus so much on the copy. And the quality comes out better that way. So I do stuff or I got night. I have this like routine where just shutting the house down after Abigail goes to bed. I'll usually listen to an audiobook then. So or if I'm driving, definitely if I'm by myself. Thank you. Oh, yeah. Here's another interesting audio book right here. Actually these two completely different reasons but the Speed of Trust. That's really good. Stephen Covey. And then Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson.

[772:56] Speaker 3: The red Snow Crash having we heard of Snow Crash? No, no,

[774:14] Speaker 5: I didn't know.

[774:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was the it was the book where the term Metaverse originated. It's a fiction novel about the first vision of the metaverse that was basically Neil Stevenson he like as like a technology Prophet sort of literally, like, and creates books and fiction that is about like, future coming technology. And Snow Crash is like so accurate to like Mark Zuckerberg Metaverse vision. I mean, it's almost like he took the book and then that became his mission. But yeah, so Snow Crash is an interesting book, for sure. telega cyberpunk Metaverse, Ready Player One needs cyberpunk meets VR type thing.

[787:03] Speaker 1: Sometimes audiobooks

[787:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: strike you more than Yeah, absolutely I agree. For me I have different seasons that I get into to where I can sit down and really read if I'm if I'm in that mode, I want to read a physical book because I can read a lot faster that can listen so I can I can read about

[794:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: a page every six to 10 seconds

[795:18] Speaker 3: which is pretty quick. So

[795:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like about 80% comprehension which is so but I have to like really have my my head needs to be really clear to be able to do that. Otherwise audiobooks is more passive as far as that goes.

[799:23] Speaker 1: All right.

[800:27] Speaker 3: Anybody if you have a

[800:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: question, raise your hand. William, did you have another question?

[801:14] WilliamN: Yeah, just another quick one. I don't want to take up everyone's time. But um, no, you're

[802:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: fine. Be Greedy with the questions are definitely

[803:07] WilliamN: when it comes to you and your mother, I'm deathly greedy. When I could have asked I just cautious to When did I ask sometimes because you're good to go. Because how your mom thinks, well, maybe I shouldn't. So maybe these two things this first, but anyway, so my question is this. So you know, Miss Beth was talking about, you know, that she has multiple different areas that she can go into, you know, my head, I mean, there's so many things I wanted to do, and all these different areas. But you know, I made a comment, your mom's a trading group about, you know, wanting to go in business, I want to do stock trading. And, you know, she kind of alludes to the fact, which is truth that you know, you, you go to many areas at one time, you may not get anywhere. And so how do you what do you do in areas like that when you want to get

[813:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: curious? So I think I think, yeah, that's absolutely true. For you, though, I think you need to have some kind of income that comes in to start investing better, you know, what I mean? And that's the thing is, is like, take your above and beyond profit from your business, pour it into your stocks trading account, you know, I built my portfolio up to 30k in the last year, doing that, and then like another

[820:30] Speaker 1: you know, it's, it's,

[821:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's really, I think it goes hand in hand with that, but she's absolutely right. If you're like going split focus, and all these different areas, I think without the context of the conversation that maybe we've just had today, I totally agree with what she's saying. And it's good advice. Absolutely. By the same time, there's no better process than have a have a mentoring and a coaching or course business and move those profits into investment. And I mean, sky's the limit on your, your financial position at that point, really is like, there's unlimited upside to where I like to where I sit today. And I can see that because I've seen it with other people. My mom is a great example of that right there. You know, she started an E commerce but her e commerce, um, what there wasn't anything that she was able to like kind of take over to her mentoring business. And so the mentoring business, you start at square square one, everybody starts there. I think that's a really cool part about mentoring and coaching businesses, because everybody starts at square one. The difference maker is if you already have a following like already, you can definitely Fast Track yourself to six figures like Rick Pitino was the he launched his coaching program, day one, it was doing 8000 a month, just from his existing email list. But then it didn't grow past that until we started doing all the marketing and advertising side of stuff. He had an ad budget, I think we took he wasn't really making a profit, like when it was doing eight grand a month, I remember this, he was paying me about half that. Just to help, like run everything and kind of keep it in order and do all the marketing. I appreciate it because he always paid us really well for this. And then he took like two or three grand and that that was his ad spend budget. And so that was like the first year it was kind of like a breakeven type company, where we were just adding people to the email list. But then when we started doing a lot of what we're talking about what we what I teach in my program, that's where it's all scaled up to the eight figure level for him. I remember my mom, she started, she had a lot of connections through network marketing.

[858:33] Speaker 3: But it wasn't like, as as

[859:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: huge as you would think she had partnered with a few JV partners. So that's one way to do it. When you start out. She had some affiliates that promoted her offer at first. So that's another option that you can do. I haven't talked a lot about that, because we don't have we don't have affiliates. We never used affiliates. While I worked with my mom, her idea is this as affiliates is a great way to kind of get started and then move away from it. Because having control over your marketing messaging, and all of that is much better than having other people promote for you as much as you can. But, um, and so like with that everybody starts at Ground Zero ever and he starts at day one. And you can grow your business to

[870:41] Speaker 3: make you know,

[871:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: however much money you want to make, I guess. Um, like I've seen consistently hitting $10 million $20 million a year is something I think everybody can actually do. If they follow the system, going beyond $10 million, that's a bit of a challenge going beyond 20 million that could that you could call it a call that that like the upper ceiling of what I think everybody can do. Because there's a there's like a there's like a there's a different gear you have to shift into to go from 10 million to like 50 million In this business so the way I teach it is work five to 10 hours a week, you'd be working 80 to 100 hours to hit that 50 to $100 million level level, right. So that's like, if you want to know if you want to work that much the upside is, is huge. And then I look at like, you know, my mom, she's investing, she's grown her portfolio to millions. And last year, she, she said this, her biggest regret is not investing sooner. Because of all the money she'd made in business, she probably would have a quarter of a billion dollars by now, if she had started investing from day one when she had started her business. So like, my mom was always pro business and investing for your profit into investment so that you have you're growing your net worth long term instead of just the business being a job that pays you a lot. So All righty, that was a does a really cool question. I like that. And I like kind of the the thought process behind that I'm gonna even be talking more about that

[898:57] Speaker 1: topic here. Soon, especially

[899:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: like on my social media, just this idea of like, and I made a post the other day, $8,000 a month is not enough to live off of now I get it, you could go in the boondocks of of Ohio, and live off of maybe three grand a month pretty, pretty comfortably. You know, and even then, it would be a stretch though. Like, like, some people are like, Man, I live on two grand a month, and I don't you know, but it's like, Dave, you're living with your parents, you got roommates, like, you know, but like,

[908:34] Speaker 1: if you live in a city in the US,

[909:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you have a family 8000 A month is hard to like, by itself, to live on overall. And so but it got a lot of like backlash from people even saying that like, like, even like getting offended by it. So I thought like, this is a something I think to lean into, is because it's such a polarizing topic. And be I really want to pull people like into this mindset of making more than they need. And above and beyond, quote, unquote, the basic needs, I think that that's a big thing, an abundance mindset. And because I think that that really will drive you to be able to make the kind of money that you want to make. So the idea is more than you need personally, what do you do with that you invest it, you hire people, you you make you put your money to work for you, you grow your your impact. Now, again, it's not about having the fancy cars. So if you like those, that's great, you know, I, I want to buy a Corvette here this next year. But like, it's not about having like, a mansion, even though I just bought a beautiful house that someone might consider a mansion. You know, it's not about all that. But like, whatever you envision for your life you can have with a business that you run that you operate and thinking bigger than just what my own personal needs are, is anything above and beyond any of that, how do we make that grow and go to work for us. And that's really the mindset that I think people need to step into otherwise, that we end up limiting ourselves subconsciously from being able to grow a business in the mentoring and coaching space. So again, I get some people they disagree with that they're like you don't need above and beyond great, I'm probably not the best coach for you. Or I will, I will encourage you to get to that level or great. I don't want to make a lot of money. I just want to help impact people. I'm probably not the best coach or mentor for you. Because I'm going to show you how to impact a lot of people's lives positively. And how to make a lot of money, same time. So poverty minded not having an abundance mindset will cause those who don't understand to lash out. Yeah, totally. Yeah, I believe that to God is a is an abundant God, who gives above and beyond the overflow. And my mom was even talking about that, like taking the overflow. And, you know, using it as as a wise as a wise steward that goes beyond just taking care of our personal needs and giving 10% in the offering at church. You know, it takes a lot of money to have an impact on some of the things that are going on in our culture and society today. Human trafficking and all of that is a is a big one. Again, you don't need to have that as your vision or goal. I'm not like trying to I don't want to condemn anyone that doesn't feel they they want to go that big. But I also want to encourage people to think bigger than you already are right now. Then you're in your comfort zone because their comfort zone we can't grow it So you do have to stretch the boundaries of our of our comfort zone to kind of morph into whatever the next version of our future life is. I believe that there's always like a future version of us for better or for worse. And if and and it's like, for better or for worse, how do we define that? Are we heading towards that vision? Are we heading towards what we feel is like what we're called and born to do? Or are we moving away from it? And listen, that's not it's not a linear line, we go forward five steps back two steps. Don't beat ourselves up for that. That's part of the process. But through the process, it will, it'll get you there. You know what I mean?

[971:39] Speaker 1: All right.

[972:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anybody if you have any other questions, raise your hands

[974:43] Speaker 1: obviously, as you can read,

[974:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: how do I read a book very fast? I don't know.

[976:16] Speaker 3: I just do. Um,

[977:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, it's it's just when I get in the zone of reading I it's really fast that I've timed it No, I didn't learn how to speed read but I it's funny, though, it is something that I always have just said I can read fast. So maybe that's a that's a that's a great testimony, the declaration and affirmation. Because anytime I've always believed that I've read faster and faster over the years. Like, yeah, it's it's, it's really, it's fun. I love it. The fastest thing I can read is fiction. Nonfiction is harder for me to read at that pace. Um, maybe it's maybe twice that long for nonfiction. But for fiction, like I just I get into this like, trance with the the narrative of the fiction. I'm just like in the world, basically, like, absorbing like, what's going on? Like, it's like, it's a real, like, virtual reality experience for me. If I'm reading something that's like a fiction novel or something, the Divergent series is really fun. That's a fun one to read.

[996:32] Speaker 5: Only so very difficult to read books, that someone like Stephen Covey and John Maxwell wrote, you know, to read a page in six to 10 seconds. Yeah, yeah,

[998:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's probably for me. It's a little bit slower than that for those books. Definitely. Right. Right. It depends on like what I'm wanting to comprehend or absorb, but like

[1001:24] Speaker 1: a book like this.

[1002:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I finish this in like, a week. So So I love I like having like a good fiction book to read. I just finished Bray by Michael Creighton P R EY. It's about a sentient AI robot species that tries to destroy the planet. It's great. It was it was a very interesting experience to read that book because it felt like I was reading like, something that was written about the news today with AI and felt very sort of Twilight Zone ask, pray by Michael Creighton. It wasn't it was a fun one. It's a fun book. Definitely like now to read it and I asked chat GPT I like I had to generate me like a doomsday AI narrative story. And I said, are there any books that are written similar to this? And it recommended prey by Michael Creighton? So I thought I thought it was fun. I love sci fi. So.

[1021:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, we're at the top of the hour here. This has been good. This has been a really great time.

[1024:16] Speaker 1: I should go I should

[1024:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: go for a drive and a haircut every time I talk because I feel like I was on fire today. Which is awesome. I felt really good about today.

[1026:52] WilliamN: Yeah, this was great. Thank you, Jeremiah. Cool.

[1027:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, hey, I'm excited.

[1027:57] Speaker 5: I one question real quick, quick. I posted one link on the CGA Facebook, regarding something that I saw through a sponsored Facebook and it was pretty interesting, for sure. I was like, wow, that's just like trading fuel to like, this is very good to get to express someone from a technology background. You know, my speech would be really heavy and I couldn't connect with people to delay to be able to speak those words. And they were pretty heavy. But with that idea, I'm like, Wow, great levels one or two. Awesome.

[1037:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, that's good. No, actually, yeah. The way that you you speak is really good for that. Let me type in you said take one of my transcripts and see what

[1039:54] Speaker 3: I told knockout

[1040:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would bet it's a lot higher than it probably should be.

[1041:30] Speaker 5: Look like what was wrong with that? I mean we have or any other similar software did you see before? Or do you know I

[1043:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: have seen those that's an Hemingway app is a really good one to quickly pull that let me pull one of my podcasts here and see what it says.

[1045:41] Speaker 5: Yeah. Offer copies. Do you run through software before you pull?

[1047:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have not No, I haven't. I haven't

[1047:55] Speaker 5: come in doing people doing them. I use I use Grammarly

[1048:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: to check the grammar but yeah, I mean, whatever really works well for you, I think is great. So let me type in my my podcast episode here and see what it says it is. Says it's grade six says my podcast was a great was great. Is that right? Or no? No, that didn't change. I didn't change. Readability rate. Let's see. I don't think it's worse a user. Now think it's working? Oh, there we go. It's not working. If I just paste something in I don't think that's interesting. Alas, maybe that is what I pasted in. Oh, yeah, it is. Yeah, grade six.

[1065:23] Speaker 1: Let me check.

[1066:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of my webinars, let me see what that reads, as. Let's try the webinar that I did last Saturday.

[1070:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then and then what I would do is you could even take a transcript and tell it you know, hey, how can I improve this to lower the grade level? Let's try this. Here's one of my webinars grade eight. My goodness. Yeah, I gotta bring it down. So yeah, yeah, I'm talking more with a grade grade sixth grade

[1075:37] Speaker 3: eighth level.

[1078:12] Speaker 1: Interesting. Yeah. Mentorship or coaching.

[1079:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's a cool app. Thanks. Yeah, no, that's the thing. And I really

[1081:39] Speaker 1: focused people, because that's the experience. I've seen that.

[1083:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to say, like, you got to dumb down your content and your text for people. It's really you got to lower the grade level, that's exactly what it is. You got to lower the grade level of the words that you use, and you'll have more influence and impact. So like I said, like right there.

[1087:44] Speaker 3: If I can work on

[1088:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing my webinars, I bet my conversion rate would go up. analyzing our webinar transcripts,

[1090:18] Speaker 1: I would I would,

[1091:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I almost feel certain like it would, they would go up the conversion rate, just by doing that. So very cool tool like that. I'm going to start using that more

[1093:54] Speaker 5: lady was saying that a President Trump, he speaks at grade level four. That's awesome. Like, that's great. That's amazing. Um, typically when I'm addressing people, like maybe 100 200 People are trying. This is what people said, I mean, my graduate thesis advisor, he said that if you want to be able to relate with people, you got to speak really simple language. And that is true life.

[1102:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's true. And that's why like, you know, we we get all caught up in our head of like, Am I good enough to teach people we try to overcompensate by talking and harder to understand language?

[1105:55] Speaker 3: You know, so that's where just the more confident we feel,

[1107:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: the better that we ended up coming across. I'm curious to see.

[1109:00] Speaker 3: It's definitely

[1109:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got me like, I want to run everything through this now.

[1110:39] Speaker 5: That's what happened to me too. When I started reading, I was like, okay, cool.

[1111:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'm curious about today's even Bonus Session here, because I know we had a number of other people talking but I'm wondering what it will say for the Bonus Session says today's Bonus Session is grade six.

[1116:06] Speaker 4: So make sense. Yeah. So you can can you give us an example real quick of something that you normally say like in a training and then how you would what it was? Sounds like if you set it at a grade four level,

[1120:45] Speaker 3: I don't know.

[1121:07] Speaker 5: I have some examples for you. But I mean, maybe so if I say a word predictability?

[1122:48] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah,

[1123:20] Speaker 5: I want to I want to reduce that grade level, I can say, Well, I would guess. So insourcing predictable, but this

[1125:12] Speaker 0: is interesting right

[1125:28] Speaker 3: here. So those kinds of tagging

[1126:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: are ones that you should adjust. So that so this is a really cool tool. If they're tagging this sentence right here, as to why selling group coaching can be it can be an example. Because you can attach a specific topic to your group coaching versus one on one coaching is a little bit more open ended. And that's become actually it's for us marketing, my one on one coaching specific topic ads and copier. So I think it's my back and forth style that I was kind of trying to find my thought right there that it says it's very hard to read. Turn this into third grade language, you can copy anything in the chat GPT. And it'll change it to a simpler level. group coaching is like teaching a whole class about a special topic How to dry animals, coaching one on one is What do you want to draw today? When we like, Oh, my goodness, this is so cool. Like if I analyze in my trainings and find the stuff that that says can be better? Ah, this is that's a, that's a really good find on a, you, you could build, you could build a whole webinar on how to use this just as I just did.

[1145:04] Speaker 5: Anyway, before you sign off, can you just do one demonstration, just speak into your chat GPD on your phone and ask as chat GP to convert that to grade level three or two? Because just because you're so good at it. Just because you're so good at using your chat GPU on your phone.

[1150:54] Speaker 3: Could you do that? Could you walk

[1151:20] Speaker 5: into your chat GPD app into your phone and ask it to convert to grade level to say something into your chat

[1153:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: GPD say like what though? Like,

[1154:47] Speaker 5: talk about to whatever I mean, you know, some anything related to CGA and say something,

[1156:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me let me answer JCS question here real quick. And then, okay. Okay. Well, JC says I'm late to the zoom. I want to know if you would validate my various ideas in your accelerator program, can you? I'm not fully understanding what you mean, when you say validate. What do we mean by that?

[1162:31] Abhay Bakshi, USA: What I mean by that is, I don't even know if my idea is it's, oh, there's a market for

[1164:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. Fellas. Yeah, I gotcha. Yes, definitely. Especially if you want me to, I'll naturally do that. If you say push back, and you're like, No, I really want to focus on this topic, then I'll like, okay, great. That's your topic. Now. Because we have we have on both sides of people where I'll share, hey, I think this topic might be better for you. But we have some people that are they're really passionate about one topic, and they're really certain on their niche. And so they don't want to, you know, go outside of that. So it's really, if that's what you want 100% That'll be in the accelerator for sure. For you. Yep. I've had some people that are like, I'll do that. And they didn't want that. So it's like, okay, I'll honor that too, if you didn't want that.

[1176:24] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Okay, I mean, I've been kind of following you for better part of six months now. So cool. I think this is songwriter programming offer. Has, you pretty much take the all the risk out. So yes, you already

[1181:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: are still using Facebook ads, but as much as we can take out. Yeah.

[1183:45] Abhay Bakshi, USA: As far as the coaching, coaching wise goes, you know, there's really no no risk for participants, you know, so. Right. Exactly. Any business has has has risks, but but I think the coaching program, I think you hit the right spot. Yeah.

[1187:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah. Appreciate that. We'd love to have you in there. And then yeah, let's go over your your idea. Do you want to talk about it right now?

[1190:28] Abhay Bakshi, USA: No, I just have to. That's what I was running late. Because I had Yeah, no worries. Cool. Yeah. All right. But I look forward to talk to you. Sounds good. All right.

[1193:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: See ya. Bye, William. I'm about to log off here but no obvious got me using this. I'm gonna play around with this here. Just real quick. Let's mess around with this real quick if anybody wants to watch us. If anybody has questions to drop them in the chat, raise your hand. I'll take your questions, but we're, we're on sort of like a side quest right here. I look at everything like video game terms like side quests. and main quest. So okay, so you wanted me to talk into my phone and then tell it to do what needed to

[1203:07] Speaker 5: be graded down to

[1203:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: graded down. Okay, gotcha. So are you a coach or mentor trying to get more clients in your business you've been struggling to use Facebook ads. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For the last two decades, I've helped mentors, trainers and coaches like you scale their businesses to 10s of millions of dollars online. And this Saturday, I'm hosting a live webinar on how to create digital courses from scratch. If you're ever wondered how to make money with your digital course, this webinar is going to be the ticket for you. I can't wait to see you there. We'll talk soon register now on the link. Oh, and by the way, if you upgrade to the VIP, you'll be able to ask me questions live in a private VIP room, I'll see you there. Enter enter line line line line line. Please rewrite the above at grade level second grade. So that was basically an example of like a video ad script that I would do for a

[1219:36] Speaker 1: webinar. Hey there, my name

[1220:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: is Jeremiah. And I teach people like you how to make money on the internet. This Saturday, I have a special class that's going to be all about how to get started. If you have some extra time, I'd love to see you there. Click the link and jump in. No, I'm not sure if I would run that as an ad. I feel like it's not specific enough. But I think tweaking that a little bit might even be a fun exercise like with video ads and stuff like that. Let's Great. Let's do a fourth grade level. What was the grade level that most people said like you should talk out or teacher? Or four was good? Yeah. Okay. So let's instead of that was second grade, let's do for it. Because I think I think the second grade factor might have taken some of the real context out.

[1236:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So as to be fourth grade, Hey there, my name is Jeremiah. And I've been helping teachers and coaches like you grow their business for many years. Listen, this Saturday, I'm going to show you how you can make your own online classes and actually make real money doing so click here, jump in. I cannot wait to see you on the class this Saturday. It's completely free. And listen, if you want to grab a VIP spot, you get to ask me questions directly. It's the best thing you can get. I'll see you in there. That was actually pretty good. So this is this, this might be something I will test this out for my next round of Facebook ads here. And just kind of play around with that. I'm even thinking like, this is like my mom naturally talks that way in her ads. Really cool idea to like, like test out and prove your content. See about chat GPT transcribe what you say. And then get it to sort of bring it down to fourth grade and see how it would work something a little bit differently.

[1252:18] Speaker 5: Yeah,

[1252:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you can run for the President. Thank you, Rod. I'm not not going to do that. No, thank you. There's other people that that can do that. I'll finance a president there we go. One day. All right. All right. Hey, thanks, everybody for being here. Um,

[1259:02] Speaker 5: if you find any app that is compatible with Haiming way in the process, just let us know. Oh, cool. Yeah, not even though not now. I'm not saying not now. Whenever you when you if you?

[1262:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, this is really cool to cool out. Um, well, yeah. And chat GBT being able to kind of rewrite it at a at that next grade level down. That's what I mean by it's funny. Like I say, I always felt weird saying like dumb it down. It's just lower the grade level because I'm not trying to say like,

[1267:04] Speaker 1: people are dumb.

[1267:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, what do you lower the grade level of how you communicate? Tough concepts. You're more effective at people grasping them. Curious how Chad CBT would grade that down? The more effective you are at describing tough concepts in a way

[1274:30] Speaker 3: the better you are at lowering

[1274:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: the grade level of describing tough concepts the more effective you are at helping people grasp them. Please rewrite the above sentence at a fourth grade reading level. It can be hard to split if you can explain hard ideas in simple ways. More people will understand them. Why did I just say it that way?

[1281:47] Speaker 5: Amazing. Yeah,

[1282:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is cool. I would say some people are born with that skill. Chat JpT helps you and can act as a train. You can build a whole app that like trains people on how to talk and speak and communicate this way. Yeah, that might be a fun

[1285:51] Speaker 5: this was this was told to me Jeremiah in 1996 when I was graduating by my advisor, and since then, even though English is not definitely not my native language, I have I have trained my mind. All you're very easy to talk to in English, though. Yeah. So it was a process for me. Yeah. I ran into so. And then. So everyone in my family, family friends, they said, like, you're very easy to understand, even though English is not your first language. Very true. And I saw a lot of you all the way to my advisor. He changed my life.

[1295:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. That's cool. This is this is kind of fun. I know. I played around with that. But this is an unique way of using it. I could literally see like, just like a Trainer App that like, gives you real time feedback on like, like Hemingway, but it's like a chat GBT live while people were talking. Like if you mix Hemingway with otter AI and some chat GPT on there. I know Aveda knows how could build an app like that? So So I have the prototype ready next week and we can start marketing it. There you go. No, that'd be I think, I think you could at least get some get some beta testers on an app like that. I think people would definitely want something like that. Who knows? I might, I might mess around with chat GPT and see if we can make it for me. I'll try to use chat GPT to make that app. There we go. Then make that of course. Alright, everybody. I'm gonna log off here. We've had a great time. The doors on the accelerator close tonight. I'll see y'all in there. Our Jumpstart is tomorrow at 3pm Central 4pm Eastern. I'm going

