VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-11-16T22:06:25.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: qurGPoMtQiiQhi1jWGIa7Oo1X1Q
---

[0:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. We're gonna hop into the VIP here. Hello, hello, hello. Let's go under participants. Everybody who's on here. Like go live in our celebrated group right now. Live on a custom streaming service that we do. Got it. All right. All right, everybody. Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome in welcome into the VIP again after today. So this is the part where you get to ask your questions, get your questions answered. We get to work with you through through everything that's here. Welcome. We got a few new faces that I've seen here that haven't been in the VIP all week. And we have a few of the people that have been with us all week. Looks like everybody's schedule is kind of I get it with a five day plus it's the week before Thanksgiving, we all got stuff we got what's going on. So anyways, listen, if you got a question, raise your hand whether it be on on camera here, or just in the in the window in the in the screen, raise your hand. And I'll be here to take your questions. Let me know here's what I here's what I want to help you with is just what we had talked about today, reaching those those target clients that you're looking for anything that we've talked about for the last four days, anything either related to the accelerator program, anything related to the process of getting sales in your business, getting more clients, let's work through those together here in this and so raise your hand if you got any questions to do. Don't be shy to be the first one that gets your hand raised. No need to be shy here. And then we'll we'll go in and take your questions. All right.

[38:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don, yeah. What's up, Danielle? How are you?

[39:07] Donya: I am well thanks. I guess I'll jump in. It's my first time to be here in VIP. I'm excited. I'm excited about what you have to offer. Yeah. I've been on a little hamster wheel doing a ton of webinars Saturday for all woods. Webinars are three times considered Rick Pino. So I was like, Yeah, but you're the guy and Sandy that helped these people. So anyway, that's very interesting to me. So I want to move forward for your, for your big offer there. So

[47:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. I'm excited. love to have you in there. You know, and hey, listen, just to just to say this, Rick and Jennifer are amazing. So yeah, we're, they're good friends of ours. But no, I love being able to work with people and help them through kind of some of those nuances and different stuff like that. Maurice is totally blown away by how fast you created all that stuff live. It's true. And that's one thing I was trying not to go too fast through it. Somebody yesterday said I was going way too fast through stuff. So that's why I kind of pushed the some of the Facebook ads stuff I really want to show you guys tomorrow. As far as that goes. But anyways, Danielle, did you have a question? What's up?

[58:15] Donya: I do? I do have a question. So I've been a counselor for 33 years in private practice. And so I've had my own business, and I feel comfortable.

[60:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: You've been what kind of counselor, a licensed professional

[61:04] Donya: counselor, a Christian for 33 years. And, and I feel like I'm supposed to do this. I want to scale what I do. But I want to get out of counseling, it's heavy. And yes, even though I'm gifted at it, which and I've been doing coaching for people that are that don't need counseling, and I've been doing that in the last.

[67:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a different type of interaction. It is

[68:51] Donya: but I've actually been doing coaching for 33 years because as a counselor, you coach I'm a spiritual director. So I know I get so stuck with this. So I feel confident because this is out of my comfort zone, obviously but I feel really confident and what I have to offer people one on one, because I can speak directly into their situation. And if I I preach to churches, I do conferences and I it's been a while but I feel confident and being able to kind of read the room and and navigate that to be able to change my offer as I go to them. But when it comes to kind of putting out some kind of rote thing that that hits this perfect client, which I can talk to you about if you want, I don't want to take up all the time here. I get stuck. Yeah. Especially because it's personal. I'm thinking like the stuff you're teaching us. It's like a skill, like, learn chat, chat GPT and learn how to do sales, copy and everything. I'm dealing with hearts. And, you know, trying to bring change and be a catalyst for change for hearts. And so that feels very personal. I'm not just everybody learns this one thing. I'm not, I'm not making light of what you're doing. I'm just saying that's, that's where I get to translate it. So that's my first thing. And then I can tell you about my, maybe my ideal client.

[93:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So as far as that goes, when you're marketing, here's what I recommend people do, is individually like, even in our group program, I find that everybody has these unique like individual areas that they're working through. And anytime that I'm doing q&a, I'm really focused on like, right now, right now, I know we got Janelle on here, and Priti and Sherry, this is an example how I do this. But I'm going to speak directly to Donya, what you're dealing with, as if we're in a one on one setting, but the group can benefit from it. Now, when it comes to marketing, something that's out there, we want to find, and this is where part of that some of the sacrifice does come in, you hear it said in on memes all the time in business to grow to the next level, you're gonna have to make sacrifices, one of the sacrifices that I see people have to make, especially if they're coming from the counseling world, especially if they're coming from the Ministry world and one on one coaching. So you got all three of those right now is they have to be willing to, for the sake of marketing and actually growing their business financially and working less focus in on the group of people that share similar problems. And, and really create an offer around anything that they share similarly, which means there may be some incredible people that over the years that you have helped, that you may not necessarily create an offer in your next season for. Because if you try to reach both of them, that will flop to zero and you won't reach anybody. Now, there is a way to do this to where maybe we create one offer over here, that's like an entry level for this group of people and one that's over here for this group of people, and you can kind of move them along that path. But I've noticed this is that oftentimes, because especially if you're coming from one on one coaching, there's such a wide range of people that we can help different problems, different heart issues, when it comes to marketing, talking to all of those issues at once become super confusing to people because it's like, well, I don't have that issue. I got this one. But does she really need to help me with this and that and so from their perspective, when you're marketing, it becomes very confusing, and nine times out of 10, they're gonna say, No, it's probably not a good fit for me. We had a great example of this since you since you know who Rick Pitino is, and you'd followed him. When we were building his Rick has a massive heart to help the worshiper in the prayer room that doesn't feel confident that doesn't feel like anybody recognizes their voice and things like that. But he found that to have a business, that group a person wasn't responding to his marketing campaigns. And so as much as he has such a desire and a heart to really pour into those people, and he has for 20 years, in order for his business to go to the next level, we had to pivot away from that group of people in our messaging and really focus in on the ones that are most profitable overall. And that can be a little bit painful. Sometimes there's some grief involved with that. I was working with a yard of Christ for the nation's Institute, the college. So I was their marketing director for three years. And this is one of the number one areas that it caused a little bit of conflict internally when I presented it, but I said here's the thing. There's a type of student that is most likely to become a student, but we're not marketing to them. And I said that type of student is a person that wants to go in leadership in the church setting. And they said, Yeah, but here's the thing. Everybody has all these different hearts and things like this. And so we don't want to ostracize and leave out. All of these amazing people are assume what they're going through. I said, we're not doing that. Because once they're in the program, you get to really dial into that level. But when it comes to marketing, the reason why and they had brought me in because they had a nine year decline in students, the nine year straight their students were going down. And when I implemented I said, just try this out where we're just gonna focus in on the top 25% of students with all of your marketing campaigns. And that year they had a 30% increase in their student enrollments, which actually It helped financially, keep them from having to shut the doors, and fire everybody. Now, sadly COVID-19 happened a year later. And so that was a really sad situation to see, because they actually did then have to let go a lot of people because of that, and it was, it was a it was a bit of a mess as far as that goes. But the marketing was incredible to see just the result of getting more specific to a certain type of people that came from inside of this pool with the messaging, and pulling more of those and because what ends up happening is more people on the fringe end up still joining. So it's about marketing to a group of people that is going to take action and become a client of yours. But you do have to at some point, it's a transition from what you have always done to where when we go into the group setting, and we're able to reduce the amount of hours you're working, there's going to be a whole segment of people that maybe we don't, in the in the front end marketing, we're not marketing to as much you still got love support information, if they approach you and come to you, you can totally help them with that. An example that in my business, I had a ton of people that needed a counselor, they needed a therapist that wanted me to do that for them. I'm not licensed in that. And so I had a decision to make, do I go get licensed and go in that direction? Or do I focus in on the people? That is really my superpower is helping people get sales in their business? And, and, and to be honest, like, there's a whole group of people that are like, man, Jeremiah, I liked you a lot more three years ago, you were a lot more kind and down to earth and less direct. And I was like, Well, you know, that was because I was unsure of myself. It's really what it is. And I'm focusing it on the group of people that I know is going to be most profitable for me. So it's a bit of a nuanced question, but I find I get it more often than not, that when it comes to marketing, we got to create campaigns that are around specific goals. Once people come in, that can be a little bit more wide. Ranging from that. What are your thoughts on that? While I'm sharing that?

[193:19] Donya: Um, I think that is tied to niching down right now what you're saying to it

[194:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: is tied to niching down definitely. Um, but I found that even when you niche down, um, again, like you said, it's always because we have people that are at different stages of the game, that at different stages of their life when you're counseling when you're leading people when you're providing coaching. And like you said, there is like, you've been coaching for that many years. But you know, it's a different form of coaching, I find that straight coaching is a little bit more direct. You know, it's a little bit more like, Hey, listen, at the end of the day, if you want to grow, you're gonna have to make hard decisions. Sometimes you say things that people might not want to hear, like, even what I just told you right now that anyway,

[207:03] Donya: that's actually how I counsel I'm pretty Yeah. Okay, well, that's great.

[209:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great,

[209:30] Donya: can I ask you one more question regarding that. Okay. So my original thought when I went through Jennifer, all woods, you know, three day thing, I've done it three times, because she gives something a little bit different. But you know, my first niche when she was like, I don't know what a person in the wilderness is. And I, I put it down on Facebook, and the Christian people knew what the wilderness was for them. And the non Christian people said, I don't know what you're talking about. So I want to focus on Christians, or potentially spirit filled Christians if it works that way. But in women, between 4065 They're in a different season of their life at that point. And my original thought was women who have been in the wilderness and have gotten lost there. Don't know why they're there. Don't know how to get out of there. They're

[223:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: wandering, they don't have a drink in the direction of their purpose. I get it.

[225:03] Donya: Yeah. And so there's that that group of people and then the more I've thought about, I mean, that's pretty, that the wilderness can be somebody got divorced, or somebody lost their child or somebody's cancer, or there's so many different things. But then my second thought was, and potentially people who need to learn how to set boundaries and relationships and maintain them and but I'm like, there's so much of that out there. But I teach that all the time in counseling and coaching. And then third thing would be women who have lost their voice for whatever reason. Okay. I put that out there and go, Wow, no, no.

[235:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going into chat GBT here and kind of just like, because this is where I have fun with the chat. GBT is I'll just kind of type it in. So like you said, What is a Christian person in the wilderness and it sort of explains like, metaphorically, it could mean trials, uncertainty, feeling lost. And so getting like specific Pick on this, for instance, Jesus spent 40 days in the wilderness, things like that. So it gives a little bit of examples of that. Wandering around, it could be like literal travel boundaries and you to set about. So all of this, like you said, can come together as one main topic that really you're helping them go into their next season and get clarity on what to do next, and confidence. And since you're dealing with spirit filled, it's really discerning and hearing God's voice clearly to know what to do next. That's really going to be one of the main hooks, that's going to help you a lot. And I know that that's a really good one to market because one of my clients that I've worked with for a couple years, do you know, Georgia and ban office? I do. Yeah, so Georgie and ban off, we've marketed a lot of different like, challenges and masterclasses with him, his whole team runs it. But then they come to me for like some consulting and stuff like that, recently, the one that they've been really doing, and they've repeatedly done the most. I'm trying to find a here and always has something to do with discerning, hearing God's voice, knowing what to do next knowing like, what their next stages, their next season, things like that. And so that's really, if you're talking about that group of people, that's the spirit filled Christian group that that language resonates. And then I mean, here's the thing, discerning God's voice boundaries, literally is a strategy to be able to hear God's voice better. You know. So you teach the boundaries, that's your methodology. That's how you teach, you got all the information, I'm sure like, you can blow people's minds with your coaching, we want to frame it in a way that's packaged in a way that's really enticing and interesting to them. And so the packaging might change a little bit. But your message pretty much stays the same as what you've done for 20 plus years. And so that's what I that's what I mean by, you know, we want to package your offer in a way that's going to attract the people that are really ready to say, Okay, I'm going to take action on this. And often it's the person who has a dream, but feel stuck. Or they just need a little bit of encouragement to go after their dream. Right. Okay, now, it depends on your if you want to take the approach of Do you want to help them unlock their dreams? Or do you want to really help like light a fire behind them? That's one of the beauty I think that Georgie and ban off and and Jennifer allwood. And even Rick are really good at doing as lighting a fire behind people to where it's like, okay, you said you want to do this, but what are you actually doing? Let's go to work and make it happen. And that's where the case studies and the results start to come in. Because sometimes people need that nudge to go to that next level as well.

[286:27] Donya: I almost wonder if it's two parts unlocking the heart so you can dream again? Ooh, and then, and I did a whole conference called awaken the dreamer. So what's in me is awakening, you know, awakening to more of God awakening, or God awakening to your dreams and God sized dreams.

[291:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah.

[291:50] Donya: Okay.

[292:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think and just the fact that you said that right now shows me that you, you put a lot of thought into this. And I think that you have a lot of intuitive insight as to what some of these things are. My methodology. And when I say intuitive, again, instinctual, intuitive Spirit lead. For me, I come up with my best ideas for business, when I'm worshipping, praying, and then I spend time on the couch just kind of listening and feeling what I think is the next season to go into. So I a big part of even what I teach people, and we I have people with all different faith backgrounds that follow me. So that's why I try to package this in a way that anybody can can use is really when you quiet the chatter in our mind. And for me, I'll just say, Hey, God, show me some direction. Nine times out of 10, it's actually really accurate as to Okay, that's the topic for this offer that we should do. That's the topic for this landing page. That's the topic for this sales copy. And that's a big part of, of what I think for you is going to really help you as well is really leaning into that side of it when it comes to coming up with some of these ideas. And trusting. Gosh, I I'm not saying you don't but like understand that I'm just saying this for anybody who's watching this. Because I don't know you that well but like trusting that your discernment is on point and trusting that you're hearing correctly. And it applies not just in what you do in counseling, but also in business. And that you discern well in business as well and really believing that that the same that the same creator that heavens in the earth that lives inside of you. He wants to to see you successful in this business as well.

[319:28] Donya: Thank you so much. Yeah, yeah, very helpful. Thank you.

[320:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not afraid to go to church sometimes when I do coaching. It just depends on you know if I feel if I feel led to do that or not.

[322:47] Donya: Mind you felt led with me. Okay. Yeah, totally, totally.

[323:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, all right, awesome. Well, hey, thanks, everybody. Yeah, preach, I get it. I do. I love preaching. I am, I am unashamed Jesus lover. But at the same time, I can go toe to toe in business in the, in the in the secular realm just as powerfully as anybody else at that side, because I feel that's where I'm called to is actually not in the church realm is more in the is more in the secular realm. So all right, everybody. Anybody other questions? As far as your says, Janelle. Janelle posted a question right here. Let's take a look at this. If working with moms maybe do a four to eight week we could take their next steps. Was that for Donya? Or is that for you? Helping the hard part of

[337:03] Speaker 2: I was I was actually referring to when you were trying to niche it down. I was utilizing

[338:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: sample. Yeah, those would be great. Yeah, those would be some great.

[339:07] Speaker 2: That would work. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, definitely.

[340:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else got any any other questions here today about whether it be your your niece, your copy? Sherry, is that are you raising your hand sherry? Okay. Awesome. Bye. By the way, I've loved all the questions that have come in from everybody. Lorraine, what's up Lorraine? My favorite. You're the only Lorraine that I know. But that doesn't mean that that's the only reason why you're my favorite. So.

[348:33] Laurine: Earlier on Facebook, you were talking about Squarespace. And since we're kind of early, will you talk about that again? And how you set that up to use it with a domain or no an email? Like you said, for? How do you connect it all? Because you went through it so so fast?

[354:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, for the email side of things and setting that up. We'll touch a little bit on that tomorrow, as well. One. So one of the one of the gifts that I'm going to give you guys as part of when you try the accelerator that you can keep is it's a full course that's all about breaking out how to set up that email, the domain name and all of that and link that up to Squarespace. So there's a whole course where I really go slowly through that process. That way, it's like it's easy to follow as far as for a five day like this, I'm kind of like showing you the bird's eye view of how that side of it's all done. Because otherwise it would it would take like the whole time just to break. We'll do a little bit of that here tomorrow. But that is that's a big part of some of the tech stuff that we go over in the in the accelerator as well. Definitely. Okay,

[367:26] Laurine: so you did 1000 mile an hour version.

[368:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: But let's I can show you here real quick while we're here, what you just asked, as well, that's part of the advantage to have the VIP is I get to kind of pause on a few elements and focus in on some things that maybe I had to skim over a little bit in the main session. So you said setting up the domain name for the email?

[373:48] Laurine: No, you connected it with MailChimp to got it. Yeah, that's higher. Is that capturing the registration? Okay, as you were talking to me in Facebook earlier.

[376:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Here we go. Okay, so in this, you gotta have a MailChimp account set up, first off, and they give you let me see if I can pull up my own account here on the screen here. So they give you in MailChimp, they give you what's called an API key. I don't actually I don't know if you need the API key I think it's just in Squarespace, that once you have the MailChimp account already, you log into Mailchimp through Squarespace and it just connects them with like one button so that's where when we go and we create that form let me let me open up my screen here when we go and create that form right here and what you just asked is going to be like something that I'm going to touch on even more often here on some of my social media and things like this because I think it's nuanced that people are looking for. So when I go to like this, you click on this plus symbol, you add a newsletter and so when you're just starting out in here you go to other storage options and you click Connect to MailChimp and this is where it logs you into MailChimp and it gives access to then it finds all the lists you have in MailChimp. So in my MailChimp account, I have all these different email lists that are in there. And so I get to tell it, okay, take the email from this and send it to one of the lists that I have over in my MailChimp account. So to create to create a list that's under audiences, and you go to Manage audiences, and you can create a new one, right here to create an audience, like my main email list, it's about 3800 people, that's everybody that's on my main email list right here. Okay, so you get to go here, set up the audience name, the from email address, who it's from all of that, and then that's going to appear on this list in Squarespace. So that when somebody signs up to that forum on a specific page, it automatically sends their email address over there in MailChimp. And then you can go in and you can create some automated emails that go out to those people that remind them of what they signed up for, what they registered for, and things like that. Okay, okay. Is

[417:51] Laurine: it bad to have a Gmail as an email?

[418:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ah, I'm not sure. I don't know. No, I think they let you use a Gmail as an email in MailChimp. Let me let me see if they let you do that.

[420:55] Laurine: Or I was even asking, like, from a business standpoint, because some people say, Oh,

[422:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think so from a business standpoint, I think what I recommend you do is if it's the same as Gmail, but it's, it's a, it's a Google Google workspace email account. And you set up a professional email through Google right here. And so they give you a business email address that's in Gmail for your domain name in there for you to actually send emails from so like, if you write to my company, hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. That's in Gmail for me to access it. But that's not my domain name. And any replies and emails that get sent out come from that. So that's with Google workspace right here and setting up a Google workspace account and then you just use that email when you send out emails right here. As far as that goes, Okay. Does that make sense? Yes, thank you. So that's what I like to do for professional email as you go into Google workspace and set that up. And then you'll want to connect it to a domain name. If you don't have a domain name, you can go buy one@godaddy.com Google, you can also buy the domain name right through Google. You can buy it through Squarespace, a lot of these all have like ways to buy the domain name through them. Depending on where you bought it, you'll just have to link and connect those two there. How do you make sure your emails don't go to spam. There's a lesson in my MailChimp course and the accelerator while I go through that. But I'll show you real quick how you do that, okay? MailChimp, like I said, I can touch on it real quick. If you want me to take like 40 minutes to go through it step by step with you that's in my courses. Really, like unpack it at a much slower pace in there. And we're starting to organize those lessons better. That's why we're adding checklists to all the lessons so that you don't get lost, we found a lot of people because I have a lot of those different courses in there. Now that we're adding checklists to it, it's become a lot easier for people to come in to kind of go through. But what what I'll do MailChimp authorization, and you do auth use setup domain authentication. We say I type this into Google domain authentication. And so the way that you make sure you don't go to spam is you authenticate your domain name. With the EU basically, you verify your email domain name, depending on where you got your domain name. And they can set it up to where it's validated that it's coming from the MailChimp delivery IP addresses. And now that makes sure that it doesn't get blocked by spam as much. The other thing is, is to recommend that people add you to their whitelist. If people have really strong spam restrictions, some of your emails might go to spam. Another thing is is how you write the email if the emails written more conversationally, not as if it's like a sales email. I don't put any pictures in my emails, for instance, on purpose because that helps them go through. Um, also if the person is if somebody tags your email as spam, they're going to not see the rest of your emails. But if they open your emails, often, their own email account will start to show your email up more. So there's a few techniques for that. verifying your domain name is going to be one of the first steps And then it's really just writing the email more conversationally less salesy. As far as that goes, I don't concern myself too much with that anymore, as much as we used to in the past. Because we also implement retargeting ads to for a lot of our stuff. So like, for instance, with the doors of the accelerator opening, some of you are going to get emails that mentioned that the accelerator doors are open, but you're also going to see ads that I'm running, and they don't cost me very much to run them. Because you've already visited my website, you're gonna see ads that run that tell you hey, that accelerator doors close on Tuesday. And so you'll see it in multiple channels, you'll see it on Facebook, still, you'll see it in your inbox. And then that reminds people of really like what you're what you're trying to get them to, at the end of the day. Now, 50% of the people who sign up on my email list, unsubscribe, they leave, they don't want anything to do with me. And that's a that's part of my process is why I recommend, if I email my list every day, people unsubscribe faster. So my goal is I want people to get off my list sooner than later. And so then what that does, that actually helps my open rates be better, because the ones who do open my emails consistently, they tell the algorithm that okay, we're a lot of people are opening emails from Jeremiah. And that also keeps you out of spam. So actually emailing your list more often as a strategy to actually help you. So those are just a few few things again, in the MailChimp course that we put together, I break a lot of that down, we use AI now to write about 90% of our emails, to where I'll use the AI to actually write it for us. Another thing is, is having a swipe file, I didn't even touch on this today, have a swipe file of emails that other marketers are sending out. So I have another email account that has just a bunch of emails from other online marketers. And I'm able to take their emails and have chat CBT rewrite their emails, just like we did the sales copy. So I could take an email that somebody's sending out about an app and I could have it rewrite it about parenting or about counseling or about coaching. And it changes the way that the email is written to be relevant to whatever topic and client we have, while at the same time, it uses a structure, the structure from the original email, how do you know if any of those emails are good or not? Again, that comes through, the more the more often you read marketing material, the better you're going to get at recognizing what's good and what's not. So I'm constantly reading marketing and sales emails, I'm constantly clicking on ads on my social media, by the way, when you click on somebody else's ad, you're not costing them money, so don't worry about that. That's not how it works anymore. So I click on other people's ads, their landing pages, I see what offers they send out. And that gives me an idea of, okay, in the current landscape of the industry, what type of landing page templates people use, how do they write their emails in a way that comes across really well. And I use that to inspire a lot of the marketing that I'm sending out. So like, if you look at, oh, my gosh, there's all of these things I have to do for email marketing, and sales, copy, and all of that, nine times out of 10, you can borrow from what other marketers have already done and have the AI to help you tweak it to fit your offer instead of having to reinvent the wheel. And that's going to be a more effective way for most of you to get a lot of your marketing done. As far as that goes. And that's what I would recommend. That's what I do for all of my marketing. That's what we have done. The that's one of the like, secret sauces that I feel like the most successful marketers say that they do is they borrow from what other people and really they do, they were kinda like stealing from another marketer, okay, they put this page out here, that's this, I'm not gonna copy their whole offer. But I might take a headline that I liked and rewrite it with AI to fit whatever I'm marketing and promoting out there because it was written in a really good way. That could be a template to use for my own marketing as far as that goes. So and that's, that's a very ethical thing to do. There's there's a small percentage of people that think that that's not ethical, but most of them are broken. They're not selling anything in their businesses. For the majority of marketers, they're all kind of doing that together. And that's what I recommend, especially when you're in the beginning is doing that with a lot of you're having a swipe, file, Funnel Hacking other funnels that people do going through other people's sales funnels, seeing okay, what's their thank you page look like seeing what does their follow up emails look like. And then you could take a follow up email that you got from another marketer, you could take my own follow up emails from this five day. And then you can tweak it, you can have the AI even rewrite it for whatever your topic or offer is. And that saves you hours and hours of trying to come up with what do I say? How do I say it? How should I deliver it? For 90% of that? So Edna, what's up, Edna? Thank you for being patient here. How are you, Edna?

[572:28] Edna Iyare: I'm good. Thank you so much. So as sightseeing or fight, it's so exciting. And I'm loving. Yeah, thinking apart from the money for registration and all of that. Know, how much do you think it will take to set up this baseline?

[577:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, I didn't. What was your question?

[578:40] Edna Iyare: I said, apart from the registration fee and the monthly payment, How much do you think it will take to set up the business? To Gary, Ronnie?

[581:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: How much what do you think it'll take?

[581:55] Edna Iyare: I don't know. And that's I'm asking, we

[583:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: say how much do you think it'll take? What are we talking about? Finances time? Yeah,

[584:10] Edna Iyare: for nicely the business apart from the registration fee, I mean, you're your own payment.

[585:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Most of the time, if you're running paid advertising, you can start out with 200 to $300 a month and a paid advertising campaign. To end the goal is to make that back in sales right away. Again, if you're spending 300, on ads, you need to you want to be making back three to 600 In the beginning, right back from what you're spending on that ad campaign. So you want to cash flow things as quickly as possible. This is again, one of the mistakes I see a lot of people make and this leads to burnout is they're not making enough money in their coaching business. If you were making six figures in your coaching business, burnout changes a lot because you're you're actually seeing a result from it. And so what I want people to do is to start to receive cash flow from their efforts as quickly as possible to where these expenses are not considered expenses. They're considered part of doing your business and part of growing your business. You know, most businesses if you were to franchise a, a brick and mortar store, or something like that, it costs hundreds of 1000s of dollars, which is why you know, even going to a job can cost you 100 to $200 in gas and food and all of that. So that's why this because you're doing it from home, you're doing it yourself. All you have is your time, and setting up the different tools that you have. Now when it comes to Squarespace. Squarespace it's about 30 bucks a month for Squarespace. MailChimp. When you're starting out, it starts at about $10. And that goes up to about 50 We use a tool called Zapier, that helps automate a lot of different connections through different platforms. So that's about 30 to 50 bucks a month. And then there's think if ik, which houses all of our courses and training, and gives people access to all the stuff that we're putting out there. So again, for your software's, it can cost about 150 to $300 a month as well in softwares to get this business going. But if you're spending 15 Or if you're spending like $1,000 a month to have all the pieces together to grow your business, and it's paying you back more than that consistently. It's worth it.

[621:49] Edna Iyare: Of course, of course. Yeah. So, thank you so much. So what one of the last days for us to get registered.

[624:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tuesday, Tuesday, November 21. All right.

[625:24] Edna Iyare: Thank you appreciate.

[626:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, awesome. All right. Anybody else? Any any other questions we got about? I came on late here. I can I can stay if there's more questions coming in. Otherwise, we'll log off at the top of the hour. Sherry here. Sherry's got a question. What's up Sherry, how are you?

[632:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we'll work with you through making sure that you're getting the most out of your budget and all of that inside the program inside the accelerator. That's a big part of what we what we work through with people. Can you unmute your your microphone sherry?

[637:06] sherry james: Hey, hey, thank you this this has been so good this week. But I will tell you it scares me a little A bit, because I'm very new at you know, like Squarespace, MailChimp, all of that and AI. But for a beginner, would you, you know, recommend, do you think this would be good, I mean, so you come in and you, we have SIM cards and we have, because I love the way you break it down, and I feel like I could understand it.

[647:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's good. Yeah, if you feel like you resonate with my teaching style and how I break it down, we've designed it for the beginner as well as maybe the person who is established. And so there's different kind of steps that you would take depending on being a beginner in the beginning stage. But the process isn't generally the same, even for people that are established like for, for Donya. And for you, I would still recommend going through the same steps of putting the landing page together, hosting an offer putting something out there for people now, here's the thing, I'll encourage you on Sherry, is when we do anything that we've never done before, it can be scary. You know, that that is part of that's part of the the, the beauty of humanity is that like, you know that, that sometimes excitement feels scary to sometimes when we're stepping into something that's really, our next season can be scary to go into. That's why I do have the 30 day trial in there for you to play around with and stuff like that. But one thing that I do encourage people to look at is that sometimes, you know, there's not much of a difference between fear and excitement. It's just how we define the feeling overall. And if we can get specific as to okay, what are we afraid of that can help us really kind of flip the script in our own mind, to where we become excited about these things, I'll tell you this. Every time I host a five day intensive like this, I have the same feelings that I did when I was super scared to build my business five and 10 years ago, just to even talk to people. But I've changed the meaning of it for myself too. It's actually really excitement. And, and so the butterflies that used to keep me from doing something now, because especially because I know I'm not going to die, even if somebody's meat because listen, I've I've had some really mean people, they've come on the VIP like this, and they're you guys are really nice, I appreciate it. I have had some like very mean people that that have come on these VIPs. And, and they're, they just say stuff I don't even want to repeat. And I like it, I had to work with my therapist through some of it afterwards, it was so hard to deal with, that made me scared to even start to put myself out there more and more and more. But I had to realize that a for me to go after what I'm called to do, I'm gonna have to do hard things, I'm gonna have to do the things that sometimes scare me. And listen, I'm not going to die, I'm not going to, you know, I'm not going to lose everything. It's part of that process of learning to expand our comfort zone is a big part of it. So again, one thing I'll say, give yourself grace, your process will take as long as you need it to to be able to start to feel excited and confident. But there's a few things that you can start to do to be able to do that. And that's where the one of the courses in the members area in the accelerator that I really poured a lot of effort into Cloud, people have been asking me for it for a while. It's called the wealth mindset coaching course. There's only one dedicated mindset course in the program. I talked about mindset throughout the different trainings. But really, you're gonna get more strategy from me than mindset. I'm about 30 25% 30% mindset about 70% strategy and prioritization. But that course right there, I find helps you with thinking about building the business, especially for a beginner to start to establish that wealth mindset. We had talked about this yesterday, too. One of the things is again, as you start in your own journey, if you do end up working with with a counselor or a therapist or somebody that can work with you through some of the trauma beliefs and stuff like that, that will directly affect your business. I found for me some of my fear of I'll just I'm it's funny I'm dealing with because I even feel a little bit of embarrassed I'm like, a slight embarrassment for me to even say this to you all, but I feel like it's the safe place to do so is I have had so much success in business. And yet when I hear people that get really mean to me, for some reason that triggers me back into being like the seven year old child that sees everybody. And I've had to learn like, Hey, listen, you're not seven years old anymore, you're safe, this person is not going to hurt you. This person doesn't have power over you. And really like learning that that was one of the hardest things for me over the last five years, is to realize that I can do hard things, I can even be in situations in business that might seem scary, but I can come through them victorious, instead of defeated. You know, three years ago, I had a, I had a guy that got really nasty back and forth email. He was actually a close friend of mine, and he just sort of threatening me verbally. And I shut down mentally for like two months because of it. And that's when I started working with a therapist, because I realized I told the therapist said, me shutting down for two months doesn't help my business, my family can't thrive, if I shut my business down for two months, for every person who's mean to me, you know. And so, where I'm at today, I'm still growing in that area. But I can tell you this, if I do have somebody who does mean to me, it derails me maybe for like, half a day instead of like, two months, like it did before. And so I've had to, though, embrace the fact that listen, Jeremiah, if you're gonna put yourself out there to the public, you know, a, you can remove people from a zoom call, if they're being mean, but be it's like, you know, they're not going to hurt you, they can't hurt you, and all of that. So that's just part of my journey. As far as that goes. I hope that doesn't scare off some people from building a business online. Here's something that that I've heard from just about anybody who's ever been successful in the online business space is you could do all the right things. And you'll still have people that are having a bad day, and they end up taking it out on you. And we can't control that. That's why we got to really kind of strengthen our self and our own inner inner self belief and, and self compassion and not let other people be the one that can toss us to and fro. As far as that goes. So that's

[758:55] sherry james: good. Yes. All right. All right. Well, I'm very interested in this. So and I'm not I really believe that this is the direction and and there is an excitement, I believe there's but at the same time, it's like you said, but I remember Jeremiah, I built a business one time as a corporate flight attendant, and I flew for like five different companies. And that was, when I got started. It was so scary. I mean, I was just so very afraid. And but it turned out to be one of the it was, I call it a god wink, because I didn't even know there was such a thing. And yeah, and so I didn't I flew commercial, I didn't know there was corporate. And so it turned out to be a beautiful thing. But I did have to overcome my fear, then, you know, it was like, it was exciting. It was a dream of mine. But at the same time, I had to overcome fears.

[776:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yeah, we do. And oftentimes, you know, our fears come from like, what are we trying to protect ourselves against? What are we trying to avoid? happening? Really? That's the question that I asked myself, What are you trying to avoid happening? Well, when somebody is being mean, to me, I don't want them to suddenly go out there. And they, I don't know what they would really do. I don't want it to be true. Some of the things that they've said, if it's accusatory, and so I completely resonate with what you're saying. Because I've dealt with that myself, and I'm still growing in it. I'm not standing here today saying that, like, I don't have fears and worries. You know, as a Christian, the Bible says to fear not, and yet, in my, the way I'm at today, as a man today, as I deal with stuff, but I know that I'm doing better today than I was last month and the month before and that I'm growing and that's part of the process. That's why sometimes I tell people to when it comes to building a coaching business, we don't need to wait until we quote unquote, arrive or even feel like everything's all perfect. Because at the end of the day, you're gonna have new levels of those different triggers and fears and things like that, that come up. And when we turn them around for me anytime that I noticed a trigger or fear or worry, I get excited. I'm like, Okay, my next breakthrough is on the other side. It exactly lifted around into that to where my breakthroughs are. On each side of this. My wife and I, we just we bought, we bought a house after we rented for five years. We looked back, gosh, we spent $150,000 in rent in the last five years that just went to somebody else's pocket. You know, we would. It was a home for you. It was a home for us. And we're grateful for us. Yeah. To buy our own house has been a journey. And then we had stuff happened in the last week. Well, gosh, what happened the Pool Heater broke, the raccoons broke into our chimney. We got an HOA letter about our grass needing to be receded. And so Okay, these are all now expenses that we hadn't really a wanted to take care of right now until after the first of the year that we had to take care of last week, all while I'm doing this five day intensive here and I'm dealing with all of that and, and stuff. And then we have, you know, a 10 month old who is growing one day, he's super happy the next day, he's teething and just wants to be held. And he's just crying all day. And then the next day, he's like, you know how it is with with babies. That has stretched me like this past week. And it's so interesting that you're talking to me right now, this past week has probably been the past 14 days, has probably one of the hardest segments of 14 days, and I've experienced in about five years. And yet I feel confident I feel excited. I know that I'm staying consistent with my business. I'm building it. Two years ago, gosh, I would have canceled this whole five day I would have been like it's too much. And so that shows the growth that can happen. And so if anything, I just share my own story to inspire you. Is all of this.

[830:30] sherry james: Well, you teach me the tag, and I'll teach you raising boys. Sam and I dearly loved every minute of it.

[833:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. Yeah, my mom raised three boys, me and then my two younger brothers, I had an interesting advantage. My dad wasn't around very much. So I didn't have that fatherly example. But I got a lot of instinctual ideas that are good. And I hope raised my younger brothers when they were younger. So because I was like, eight, nine years old. So I'm able to pull from a lot of that. And that's been really helpful for me to be able to do that.

[840:15] sherry james: Yeah, that is good. That's good. Let's

[841:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: see are these VIP is a part of our package, we can go back to refer to yes, if you have the VIP, you'll be able to watch these VIP recordings as well. Inside of the accelerator, we have all of the VIP Q and A's. From the previous sessions that we've done, we have all of the different webinars and stuff. Because what I recommend is you can watch through how I present my business and you can get ideas for how to present it yourself. So there's a lot of access in there. That's why I say try it out for 30 days risk free. And I think those of you that do jump into it, I think you'll really like it. So Sister, Sister soldiers, she vet media. Yes.

[853:06] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: Hi, Jeremiah. How are you? I'm doing well. So I have a question.

[855:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Emails. Yes.

[855:50] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: I was trying to figure out I created that I had my web developer create a landing page for me I had MailChimp connected to the free version, because I'm connecting a creating a magazine. And then I said, Well, I looked at it. And I wasn't clear if if MailChimp would let me do any type of auto responding on the free version. It looks like it looked like it only said that I could blast and not doing automation. The only automation looked like it it gave was an automatic. you're signed up page. automatic reply for signing up. And then the rest seems like it was I had to do a blast. So I was looking at AWeber and then I have active campaign and I'm like, okay, come on. What's that?

[872:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Huh? They all kind of work the same way like that. So there's really two ways of doing autoresponders on any email software. MailChimp and Aweber are my two favorite for email. Active Campaign I find is a little bit harder. But I use my mom uses Aweber I've used Aweber for years. I liked MailChimp, it's I think it's a little bit simpler to use. And it connects to all these other platforms easier. But the way that it works is there's really two ways to sort of do audits. sponsors the first way, is like you said, as soon as they sign up, you can have a series of not just one email, but you could do 2345, etc, emails that go out to them day one, maybe day three, day five, right after they sign up. So that's always going to be that case as far as that goes. The other way that you do it is you schedule broadcasts, so you could schedule something to go out after they sign up to go out on a specific date and time. So like, for instance, you know, this this intensive that we're doing here, you got, you got emails, an hour before the intensive started, you guys got emails, 15 minutes before you got one when it was live, those were scheduled to go out at the exact time 15 minutes before the session starts. So those were actually broadcasts that we scheduled. So that really is kind of the two ways that you set up autoresponders, you either do a series that comes out immediately after they sign up. But these can go at at, they're on, they're on spaced out increments. So three, like a day after they sign up or immediately, three days after they sign up. Five days after they sign up. So they sign up on Friday, it's whatever five days after Friday is. Whereas if you schedule it, you can make sure that everybody who's in a certain segment, especially if you're doing like an event like this, you can make sure that they get the email at that specific date and time. Now, I'll say this, to really utilize most of the best features of MailChimp to where you can use different audiences and different segmenting and stuff like that you will have to pay for it. For sure. Okay. And those paid

[909:01] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: for it for years. And then I got locked out. I got frustrated with it. Because I got locked out by mistake, I went to change my email and put a wrong letter and had to go to this big hoopla of trying to get verified and I sent them all the information. They never did really get it together. So I just cut them off. Well, yeah, I did. And so now I'm back at square one. But the the other thing is, is with all the AI that's out and I see these emails now have where they're like on speed dial, where just someone clicks in there a part of the email or it's easy for them to share. And that's what I was looking for something where they could share the email with someone else who may be interested in join in it. Do you know of anything like that?

[924:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure I know of anything about like sharing the email with people that are interested in joining. If you're gonna do that, you'll probably have to include some segment where there's a page where the email is I know that MailChimp creates some links and pages for that. I've never done it that way where we have people share an email with somebody else. As far as it's like one click and they sign up. That can be the what's called Facebook lead ads where you set up an ad campaign and they immediately just auto populates the email. And then that's usually connected to MailChimp through through Zapier. So Zapier is this tool that allows you to connect all your applications together, or like Facebook can talk to MailChimp and it can go in through a lead ad that way with a trigger that goes to an action. So if you can imagine, okay, I want them to sign up over here, I want it to give them access over here, and then send them this email right here. And you got like three or four steps. Zapier is essentially like having an automated team member that can go in and do a lot of that for you. And we have a we have a course in our members area in the accelerator called the automated marketing secrets, where I break down a lot of those automation processes for you as well as in the MailChimp course that we put together. Okay,

[946:34] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: okay. All right. Thank you, that was very cool, awesome. So you recommend just sticking with MailChimp,

[948:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like MailChimp or Aweber. I find Aweber is gonna be a little bit more technical to get set up into a lot of the site builders. As far as Squarespace goes. It's such a direct integration. And so it's just there's less steps to have to do. That's why I feel confident that if I pass off building my funnels to somebody who's on my team, it's easy enough for them to follow along. And that's another thing that I have people do is sometimes I'll have a team member watch one of my trainings, and then I'll have them take what they learned in the in the training that I did. And that's something you guys can do if you join the accelerator. I tell you, you can Have your team members go in there and watch through some of the courses as well. And you don't have to pay for like another registration. It's like it's per company for you don't share it with like your friends or somebody that they need to sign up. But I would if you got somebody who's already in there, and they're on your team, and you're building the same company together, you can 100% share it with other people on your team, which I think is a real value add that not a lot of people allow.

[965:50] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah.

[967:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Daniela said that she had to log off here, but she, she had a question. If she misses the answer, she'll watch it in the reply, so she says to the accelerator course, teach how to do video teachings for group coaching. We have one of the trainings is called transformational coaching Made Simple. That goes through some of that. We have another one that's all about teaching and coaching and like how do you craft certain lessons as far as that goes, one of the things that I recommend that people do really, and it's more caught rather than taught is, when people are in the accelerator, I say model your group coaching after how I run a group coaching, and really sort of do as I do, and learn by observing how I run the group and how I do that. And so there are courses in there all about, like, the structure of that, how do you deliver better teaching? How do you craft a teaching and stuff like that? How do you put a course together, all of that that is in there. But as far as like the nuances of running a group coaching program, I think, again, the fact that it is a group coaching program, and it's a model that we've really developed over the years, it's definitely more caught rather than taught for most people. As far as that goes. I'd love gosh, I know, Daniela left, I'd love to unpack that question a little bit more with her. Maybe tomorrow, just to understand a little bit more what she's thinking about that. So that you know, I can guess. But that's why it's always great to have a conversation with people in a setting like this where you guys can talk over things and do stuff like that. Do you use any virtual assistants or video producers from places like Fiverr? If so, can you suggest the steps on how to choose one so there is a course in our accelerator called outsourcing for coaches and and trainers where I break down my whole process of creating job listings and finding the right people and doing all that we even give you a list of service providers that you can use. Fiverr is one resource that you can use. Another one is called online jobs.ph. And this is really one of my favorites is using online jobs.ph. You create an account here. It does cost money to create an account, but you can create an account for a month find somebody then you can cancel. So it's part of you getting access to their community of service providers to be able to write them to do that. And so what you got to do is you want to really describe how do I want to find somebody? What's the job that I want them to do, and you want to be as specific as possible. So chat, GBT can actually help you do this. I want to create a job listing for someone to create short videos and edit my videos. From podcast episodes that I've done. I will post this to Fiverr. Let's say you're doing to Fiverr please create for me a job listing for this. I don't know if you can post jobs to Fiverr. But if you could, this would be how you do this. Or this is how you would write somebody that's on Fiverr you would tell them you're looking for a dynamic video creator and editor for podcast episodes. You creative and detail oriented. Hello talented freelancers. I'm seeking a passionate skilled individual to create and edit short videos video creation, editing, mastery storytelling. So Chad GBT can help you actually come up with how you communicate to find those people as far as that goes, then you'll get some applications from people. And this is really more of the process like over at online jobs.ph, you create a listing for a specific job that people are going to do. And then they apply and they show you their portfolio. Here's what I look for number one, I want their response to be personalized to me. And what I actually put in my listing, if it sounds like they didn't read my listing, and it's not necessarily relevant to what I'm doing, I immediately disqualify them from even talking to them as a service provider, because they need to show that they actually took the time to engage with what I'm looking for. Then number two, I look at their portfolio and if it doesn't look even remotely like the type of work that I want them to do, but they claim they can help me. I eliminate those people and so generally I'll shortlist it down to the top five people that have the best quality. And then I'll look at you know, who's like the lowest price, three to $5 an hour on there. And then I'll just start talking with those people and you send them a test project that you don't hire them for the whole thing. They're going to try to get you to hire them for the whole thing. No, I send them a test project, have them try out just doing one trial with me and say, Hey, what would you charge just to do this one video, and you agree to that price. And that's all that you're on the hook for is seeing how they do with that one project that if they do, well, then you can negotiate and hire them for something further from that. So that's my process of hiring people is really a being very specific. And judging who has the quality that I'm looking for another thing, if I didn't get applications from people that look like the type of work that I want it to be, it might be that my job listing wasn't specific enough, or I didn't really describe what I needed them to do very well, as far as that goes. When canceling online, jobs.ph Will the account close? Or will? Or what, when 30 days are complete? I don't? I don't know. Okay, it's on the 30 day basis as far as okay. I mean, now just to make money anyways, so yeah, do we have to save the otter AI transcript, if so how I liked it, it has the transcripts, if you're able to click on it, and it gives you access in order to save it to your account, I think you can do that. So just click on that link that popped up with, as far as that goes, it was kind of fun. I went through chat GPT. And I took the transcripts from the last three days of q&a. And I spent about an hour and a half last night, just really diving into like, where a lot of the people in this community are at where you guys are, are what you're working through. And you know, one of the biggest things that popped up is that we got a lot of people that have a lot of faith that they can build a business, I think that that's great. But there's a little bit of that fear and worry of am I going to look big enough or important enough for people to take action with me when I launch something? And I can say that that that comes by the words that are in your copy? And really what matters is when want to flip it to who are the people? And what are their desires that they're wanting when they connect with us. Because when you use the language that other people want, it makes, it makes you look 10 times more attractive to work with, because it shows that you understand what they're going through, it shows that you understand what they're they're working through as far as that goes. And so that's why I love using the transcripts and AI to really kind of figure out how to help serve our community. I do that all the time in my coaching group as well. And that's, that's why for everybody who's here, if you're like, hey, I don't know, will the accelerator be a good fit for me, if you're here during this five day intensive and you're still here on day four, I definitely think it is going to be a good fit for you. You might be beginning a little bit more than some people who maybe they have an established business. But the learning curve is it's not going to be super difficult. It's going to be very simple to be able to learn each of the steps, the challenge might be to challenge yourself to sit down and start to take action on some of those things, to start to prioritize. What do we do each day as far as that goes, but that's why you have access to me. So you have access to our community that helps you put your marketing together to optimize everything and to help you get results as far as that goes. And so the doors to the accelerator are open until Tuesday, November 21. And after that, we won't be opening the doors again anytime soon for that and so make sure to jump in before that. For those who do try it out. You'll get those three gifts. One of them like I told you it has to do with putting together the Squarespace and the email and all of that will tell you guys about all of those tomorrow in tomorrow's session. And I'll send you an email with all this information as well. So again, if you're if you're like, Hey, I can't remember all the stuff he said it'll all be detailed out in an email that you're gonna get in your inbox. So all right, everybody, thanks for being here today. I gotta like I said, I got a hot date with my wife. We're heading to go see Morgan Wallen over in concert with, oh, gosh, some of his friends are going to be there. And so we're looking forward to that country music concert. See y'all. I'll see you tomorrow. Have a good one.

[1113:24] Edna Iyare: Thank you. Bye.

[1114:02] Sistah Soldier ~ SHE VET™ Media: Thank you. Bye bye.

