Develop Your Signature Group Coaching Program From Scratch
Date: 2023-04-04T21:12:07.000Z
Duration: 116 min
Otter ID: _W4tKOrnCNRjyPE7wRohBRtqJ3I
---

[131:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, do like some of that saucy beads can remind reminds me like an old timey movie. I love this. This is great. Hey Welcome. Welcome everybody. Welcome today. Welcome to this training. Listen, I am excited that you're here. I'm excited that we get to spend this time together. I'm excited that we get to go over this oops let's turn off the timer. Let's turn down the music. Thanks for being here. Thanks for being here on zoom on a Tuesday afternoon. I know some of you, you cleared your schedule and so on. I want to just thank you and honor you for being here. Or maybe you're watching the recording of this again, the recording is only going to be online for free for 24 hours then it goes away okay? If you want to keep the recording for life and listen, I think some of you are gonna want to do that again. I highly recommend that you upgrade to the VIP for this event. Now I want to show you again I got every time I do an event like this and as I always show people this how do I do the countdown timer How do I do the music in the background? So I use a site called epidemic sound.com And I can play back some royalty free music and they got some cool songs so there's no there's there's no rights or anything that you have to pay for any of this stuff because it's already pre cleared with the social media platforms. It's already been pre cleared with, with YouTube with Facebook with Instagram with all those and then the timer is just a it's just a YouTube video. I just play back this YouTube video that goes and plays and, and and records on the screen here and then I'm switching the screens over with an app that I use called OBS the OBS project, free software. Incredible. I use it for all of our streams, I use it for all of our trainings. I use it for all of our coaching. And it's free. It allows me to kind of switch between cameras and views and, and things like this. And so as far as like the technical aspects of that very easy to use software, everything that I'm going to teach you today is simple. I am all about what is simple, what is sustainable. What can you do consistently, because that's the name of the game when it comes to making money with a coaching business, developing your signature group coaching program, and the group that's here just based on the on the answers to the questions that came in, we got kind of a wide range of people, we got some people who they've done one on one coaching and they want to get into group coaching or they want to just get into the coaching industry from scratch. They never coached anybody. They've never had a coaching program before. And then want to know what's the path? The right path to success? How do I identify my niche? How do I put the pieces together? What how do I overcome the technical challenges of content creation and funnels? How do I manage my time if I'm working a job and and all of these questions that people have been what's awesome is that's what I've been unlocking and uncovering and learning and helping people with for the last 20 years. Okay. And so some of you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, you're you don't look like you're old enough to have done this for 20 years. I have done this for 20 years. In fact, I mentioned here here's a little photo of me and my wife and our and our new baby. He just turned three months old. Baby Halston, I gotta show you guys something. By the way, I got to show you something really, really cool. Can I show you something cool just to brag and brag on him. It's, it's more something that I think is cool. So I love Star Wars. And if you can't tell I love video games. I love Corvettes. I'm I'm I'm a I'm a dude. I'm a chill dude, who likes to have fun. And what's cool is like my wife supports it. i I'm very good with my time management. And but it's a great outlet that I love that I've always loved for my whole life. But I love Star Wars. And so I used an AI app called mid journey. And we turned my little boy into a Jedi Knight. I took some photos of him through into the AI app. And, and I I thought that was pretty cool. So some of y'all are like, Come on, let's get to the content. Let's get to the content here. Here's the thing I've been doing, I've been doing this, I've been in this industry for 20 years. And I got my start, I didn't think that I would actually be doing what I'm doing today, coaching mentoring people, helping them grow and build their online course and group coaching business. I didn't think that's what I was doing. In fact, 20 years ago, I thought it was gonna be getting into Hollywood and making movies and stuff, right. But I started working for a company 20 years ago, named Danny johnson.com. And I helped them put together their live events, I did a lot of their marketing videos, help them with their online marketing, help them with their product development. In fact, they still sell products to this day that I put together 20 years ago working for them, which is cool back then we sold CDs and DVDs. And so that's how I got my start. I was a media guy. I didn't know anything about sales. In fact, I was the most unlikely person to sell anything. Okay? And I will say this if you're you came here today like I want to know how do I make my coaching very I don't really want to talk about sales or or marketing. I need to challenge you with something. And and and I hesitate to do this right now at the beginning of the session because we haven't gotten to know each other that much but I want to challenge you with something because this sets the foundation for everything we're that we're going to talk about the number one priority. In your group coaching business number one priority. What do you think it is? In a group coaching business? Some say delivering results to clients. Absolutely. That's important, but it's not the number one priority. In fact delivering results. That's the number two priority. That's the number two priority. It's still important. It's still like, top tier, right? But it's, it's secondary to one thing. Sale, sales and marketing. Okay. And people that work with me are looking to, when I work with my clients, what do I help people do I help them take their idea for a coaching businesses go from zero to making quarter million half a million dollars a year and beyond, we have clients that have made way beyond that, that we've worked with over the last couple of years on my client, Joshua Giles over $140,000 in one month, just from coaching with us, or like Rick Pino, a million dollars per month, following the model, exactly as I'm going to be showing it to you here today for developing group coaching programs. And so your supreme priority is sales and marketing, it's not delivering client results. And that might tweak your paradigm just a little bit. Let me explain this, this doesn't mean that we don't deliver results. Please don't be selling crappy coaching to people. If you can't deliver results, then you should not be selling that to people. But I think that every single person that's here today, we can identify what is one niche? Or two or three? And how can we map out and plan out and develop out a signature coaching program that gets incredible client results.

[269:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Incredible client results, please hear my heart here, getting results. I care about that? So much. But even I've had to shift my priorities in order to have more impact, to work less and to create the business that I want, and put sales and marketing number one, most coaches that are broke, make sales and marketing secondary to delivering client results. Again, secondary doesn't mean that it's not a priority. So understand that. But the number one priority is getting new clients getting in front of new people to close sales. And you might be saying, well, that's chicken before the egg. I don't even have a coaching program yet. All right, you know, here's the cool part about it and our system. The reason why it is not super technical, the reason why it's very simple. The reason why people are getting results, six figures multiple six figures, like our client, Duke in the first 30 days of working with us, he made over $25,000 following step by step started with a training like this with me. MONTH LATER $25,000 in sales and his coaching. How did our client Bobby make over $12,000 with his coaching within 30 days 100 Doctors Shawn deep his first test over $12,000 By making sales and marketing the supreme priority, not promise you they deliver client results. But there's a system of how we actually and it will help you deliver better client results. The system that we use of putting sales and marketing as a supreme priority actually delivers better client results than the traditional way of doing coaching that most people think of okay, so I need you to at least understand that paradigm sales and marketing is the supreme priority, okay. And everything we talked about is gonna be from that lens, if you meet me. And we said this on the page, we said this, on the website, it was it was very clear. When you registered. This is for current or aspiring coaches, speakers, mentors and trainers who want to earn 20 to $40,000 monthly that's a quarter of a million to half a million a year with group coaching. And I said this If you're easily discouraged, and only aim for modest amounts two to 5k a month. This training is not for you. I'm the guy who makes you rich and wealthy. I'm the guy who walks you through that path in that process to close sales. Now you might say well, sales makes me feel icky. I don't want to sell. I promise you this. You're gonna see how I do the process. It's not icky, it's, it's very fun, it's actually very enjoyable. For me, it's enjoyable for me enjoyable for you, the process that we use to sell is very simple. Stick with me for the next hour and a half. And we're gonna be working through how to develop that group coaching program the right way. So you don't have to keep trying things and so that you can actually make that kind of money within the first 60 to 90 days after meeting us. Possibly within the first 30 days if you're really a go getter, and, and grind, but even if you drag your feet 6090 days is totally realistic, following the system, okay? This is designed for those with bold visions, the confidence to achieve multiple six figures who are resilient enough to tackle hard work and determined to pursue their dreams without hesitation. Small dreamers do not apply only courageous action takers. And I even had at the at the bottom of the page. who this is for who this is not for. And again, before I go any further, I need to make sure that I'm talking to the right room of people, okay? If you are somebody who is ready to act, meaning you are ready to implement what I'm going to be showing you here today, you're not just sitting here trying to get information and do nothing with it. Don't waste my time. I don't mean that to be rude or harsh by mean that don't waste my time or yours. Those that are eager to elevate their lives through business, you want to make more money, you want to get into a new income bracket. You want to go buy a new house. You know my wife and I we live in Austin, Texas, we live in a house 3100 square feet. It's I have this I have a wide open office here. It's and it's incredible. We're going to be going and buying another house here in a couple of months in this market. And what has provided us the ability to do that. group coaching, the group coaching business, okay, if you're somebody with a vision for their future, or you're seeking one, if you're open to learning new skills, aspiring six and seven figure earners, entrepreneurs aiming to build a business rooted in honesty and integrity. And this is the most important one for me. I'm not looking for people that just want to make money. I'm looking for people that want to have an impact. But that also know that to have an impact requires to make more money. It does. Okay, so if you're here today, you don't want to make a lot of money or you're a huckster, you're a scammer, you're a fraudster leave now this is your last chance to leave. Okay? Who this is not for as well. If this is you, please leave those who believe that they know everything already. If you're sitting here looking to criticize how I'm talking, I'm doing things. If you're if you're thinking nasty comments, you're gonna get angry at me because of how I said something. Maybe, you know, by the way, this is a no pitch zone. I have nothing to sell you today. I didn't even mark it as that I should have. But I didn't even mark it as that. This is a no pitch zone. There's not going to be a sales pitch at the end of today. Well, Jeremiah, how do you make any money? I use these events as an opportunity to tell you about what we do in my business and how I'm helping people. Okay, you know, and and, listen, I can't please everybody. I host events like this on zoom on a regular basis. And I'm telling you, about 5% of the people who attend are so angry, so pissed off, they just hate how I do things. They hate my energy. They don't know like how I talk, they think I look stupid, whatever. Okay, so here's the thing. I'm not going to try to please anybody. You're probably gonna disagree with some things that I say that's okay. I don't need you to agree with me, for us to be good. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to show up with the best information to walk you through the process of how we are using artificial intelligence today to grow coaching businesses and how AI is changing the game. If you are a coach and you're not using AI, you will be irrelevant in the next six months. Okay. I don't mean that to be harsh. I don't mean that as to be a messenger of doom. I mean that to say that the advances in AI are advancing so quickly. That what I'm going to be showing you here today is cutting edge revolutionary. I've only shown this to a small group of people back in January, and it changed their life. And so what I'm gonna be doing is I'm going to be breaking down for you how to use these AI tools better than anybody else. I've been using these tools for two years, using an underground version of it that only a few people had access to, for the last two years, and we've been using it to grow our sales and marketing. We utilized it with my client, Rick Pino, to scale his business to over a million dollars a month, we're using it with my mom, Sandy Krakowskie to grow her business. And we're using it in our business over $600,000 in sales in the last seven months in our business using AI for group coaching, okay. And so if you're here, you believe you know it already, you're here to criticize. I have no tolerance for people that are critical of me, I my track records on on trial. I've been doing this for a long time. I'm going to give you the information, take it or leave it. That's that's that's it. Okay. Every single thing that I do is is strategized. You know, I have people write me messages about you know, hey, well, you should have done this, you should have done that. You should have said this, literally every time that somebody sends that there's a reason why I'm not doing it.

[419:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, people who think all information should be given away for free this one's key. How do you expect to make 20 to $40,000 per month? If you literally think all information should be given away for free? I don't get that. That's just nonsense. If you're a lifelong learner who never applies or does what they do, and I want to have some compassion on that, listen, I get it. Trauma will mess your brain up. It'll make it to where you procrastinate, no matter how hard you try, and I was stuck in that I had to go I spent the last two years in heavy therapy to work on my mental because I literally couldn't even take action on the things that I knew how to do. My coaching business was only making 500 to $1,000 a month. Let me explain that. You might be saying, well, Jeremiah, I thought you said you were an eight figure, Business Builder. Yes. My mom and I, we built her coaching business over $20 million. I helped build Rick pinos, to over $10 million. Those are eight figure coaching businesses that I was second in command and in charge of in fact, I was the CEO of my mom's company, and not the CEO of Rick's, but basically working alongside him, and my wife. And we built that together to over $10 million. And, and what's cool is, both of them have actually given me permission to take ownership of the result that we built in those businesses because it was it was the strategies that I'm sharing with you today that created those eight figure results, okay. And so but in my own business back in 2018, I started my own business. I could not sell coaching for the life of me. And it was because of what was going on in my head. I couldn't take action. I had a major people pleaser issue, I had no boundaries. I had a very hard time asking for what I wanted. I expected people to read my mind. I was very passive, very passive aggressive, not a healthy person. And I've literally had to radically change my life and that has allowed me to be more disciplined. You know, I study stoicism, meditations of Marcus Aurelius taking action. Jocko Willink, I study about not letting fear and worry control us so that we can take action and do the hard things. I am a huge proponent of self care, and self compassion and loving yourself. Not beating yourself up not self punishment. Not comparing yourself to other people and feeling like you're not good enough. I want to encourage you here today, the amount of money that you're gonna be able to make in a coaching business is directly related to how much you believe in yourself. Do you believe that you can make 20 to $40,000 a month in a coaching business? Do you believe that you can if you don't, you got to get some belief borrow my belief because I believe that every single person here today can make six figures and multiple six figures in a coaching business. Even if they have no experience, even if they're not certified, even if they're not an expert, quote unquote, in their field. All you have to do is notice a little bit more than a group of people. Do you know more about any topic about one topic than a group of 100 people if you got 100 people in a room? And you could say well, I know more about this one topic than that group of 100 people. Every single one of us has something thing that I think that we can say that and don't play the false humility game either on this one, like even if you're like I know a little more than everybody else on that then great own it. That's what you can build a six figure coaching business around. Absolutely okay. But you do need to be able to deliver results to people now here's something that you can do is you can build a coaching business and get better at your skill set. As you're doing the coaching business. That's what I've done for the last five years. My mom did that. In her stocks Academy, she got better at trading stocks while she was doing her coaching business and it makes multiple millions of dollars. The group coaching business has made 10s of millions of dollars for my family, my mom and I and it can for yours as well. You can make six and seven figures, coaching people. But you got to be somebody who's willing to take action. And you got to be somebody who's willing to grow past what's stopping you. You have to be willing to say you know what, maybe I'm not somebody who's willing to take action, but I'm willing to learn how to become that person today. Somebody who's an idea collector with no real intention of actually starting a business you just you like to gather ideas so you sound smart at parties. If that's you leave. If you're looking for a quick escape from a disliked boss, you need to make money real quick. If you're looking for a no hard work the easy path a lottery ticket, if you're a tire kicker complainer, whiner, and you resist actually doing work or putting in effort, this isn't for you, okay? If you're not somebody who's willing to commit to actually growing a coaching business, don't even stay here for the rest of what I'm gonna be talking about. And I get it, some of you were like, come on, can you just get to the point already teach us what you actually taught, it told us that impatience is 100%. Like, if you're getting impatient about how I haven't gotten to the point yet of what this training is about. That might be an area to check yourself before you wreck yourself. And you might notice that that behavior is systemically hurting you and your relationships in your life. So a little bit of coaching there, Listen, I'm not gonna I'm not here today, to make you like me. I'm not here today to tell you what you want to hear. I'm not here today, if you're somebody that needs to be coddled and treated with kid gloves, and you get easily offended. I'm not here today, if you're looking for somebody to do all the work for you, and you don't have to do anything. I'm looking for self starters, people that are willing to build a business, people that are willing to go to work, people that are willing to commit for at least a year in your life, to doing what I'm talking about. You're not looking for a get rich quick scheme, you're actually willing to go the slow and boring path to riches. That's what I can help you with. And I know that I'm speaking some yells language right now. For the people that like they're like, not liking this piece out. Like, I ain't here to try to make you happy. I'm gonna say stuff wrong. That doesn't sound good that I might stutter. I might look around the screen I might act unprofessional. Can I just tell you this, we got to lay down the facades. We got to lay down the facade. The mask, the version of ourselves that we try to present to the world to make people like us. The worst thing that you can do to develop a coaching business is to try to look like a pro to try to appear like somebody that people should listen to, to try to appear like you know what you're doing. You want to know what sells is authenticity, to where you admit, I don't have all the answers. If you're a network marketer, I probably can't help you. If you're looking to do an agency business, I probably can't help you. But if you're looking to develop a signature group coaching program from scratch, and we're going to walk you through the whole process here, how we can leverage very simple tools to do this. What are the technical tools that we use? That's what everybody asks right? To do our coaching business I personally recommend people use think if ik.com Because it's the simplest and easiest to use for the price point and what you get. And if you if you upgraded to the VIP and you got access to my training. That's what I run all of my coaching through That's what it allows us to do recurring billing, it allows us to charge monthly for our group coaching program is Thinkific. Okay, very easy platform to set up. It absolutely absolutely absolutely does. Cost costs you money to get started, it's gonna probably cost you you know, with inflation, about $300 a month in softwares. And if about 150 to $300 a month starting in paid advertising, okay. Our system uses paid advertising. If you're looking to grow a coaching business, a group coaching business, without paid advertising, you're looking to do

[575:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: word of mouth organic, there are methods to do that. And if you upgrade to the VIP, I give you a training on how to do organic content. But what actually grows and scales a coaching business to 20 to $40,000 per month, is when it's a group coaching business, not one on one coaching, because one on one coaching is trading dollars for hours. And you use paid advertising. And you use very simple tech tools that are very easy to put together that are very easy to work with. Okay, so we use think if ik, to manage our coaching business. And we run all of our sessions on Zoom. And we use Zoom. Like this, we use Zoom rooms, to do all of our q&a, all of our coaching just yesterday, we had our live coaching call with my client growth accelerator group, just yesterday, through zoom. And this group is amazing. We meet up every single week to help them with their business to help them with their marketing, their funnels, the technical aspects, exactly how to manage their time, how to work on their mindset, what to say with their coaching, how to close more sales, we're looking over their advertising campaigns, we're looking over their offers to help put it all together for them. They get access to an archive of trainings from me that are high level trainings. Okay, but we do it all with Thinkific and zoom. It's very easy, very simple. It's not complicated. It's not rocket science. Okay. Now you might say, well, I don't know what to coach on. And that's where chat GPT is really, really fun. Okay. That's where chat GPT is really, really fun. But I need to tell you this. There's a there's the number one thing that stops coaches and mentors from succeeding is perfectionism is the need to do everything perfect, is the need to do everything, right, and the best practices. And I see so often coaches, their spirit of excellence is what actually stops them from making money. Because they have it built up in their head, all these things they have to do. And then when you actually show them the simple thing to do, they won't do it. They think it's not enough. And they avoid following the process, not our clients in our coaching group. They're taking action. They're making money like Judy, over $37,000 in her coaching business. Like Emma Dixon $9,500, her first launch following the system, working less hours, working five to 10 hours a week. And so what we do is everything that we do is on Zoom. And we go out there and we find clients with paid advertising that are looking for the problems that we solve that are looking for the problems that our clients solve. And so how do you figure out you know, what is good enough to actually stand out in the market? That's what I'm going to show you here real quick. So Artificial intelligence has progressed like crazy in the last two years, I've been using an application called jasper.ai. For two years. That is an AI application that allows us to write our marketing or advertising campaigns or social media, emails, website content, you name Maybe you can create it with Jasper, okay? And Jasper is amazing. In fact, I recommend all of our, our clients use Jasper. It does cost money. And most of you can sign up for $59 a month, get the boss mode. And boss mode allows you to go in and utilize the Jasper recipes. And in the Jasper recipes. These are pre made marketing plans to create copy and content that you can go through to develop out what you're doing. In fact, I have one of the top most downloaded recipes right here. Perfect offer copy for coaches, course creators, authors and trainers. And it's based off of Dan Kennedy's the Ultimate Sales Letter book. By the way, I highly recommend that you get this. If you're serious about building a coaching business. I've worked with every single niche on the planet. People building coaching businesses this book, is the Bible on what do you actually put on the website to get people to sign up? Okay, we're not gonna go too much over over that and the marketing side of this, what I want to do is I want to show you how to actually develop and put together your signature group coaching program. But before I do that, I do have to let you know about something. Okay. If you want to go deeper after today, after what I'm going to talk about, about developing out your signature program about putting all the pieces together, and then you want to know, okay, how do I put it all together to market it? How do I actually sell it to people? How do I actually get in front of the right people to sell to them? We're hosting an event next week, April 10. Through the 14th, it's completely free. It's a five day virtual mastermind, called Grow Your group coaching business with Zoom events. Okay, and so this is specifically all about putting together it's about how to host and run profitable virtual events, how to boost sales in your business, how to have a bigger impact, how to put all the marketing together how to craft an irresistible virtual event offer that gets people to become a coaching client of yours. It's not enough just to build a coaching business. It's not enough just to develop your group coaching, you need to actually get clients otherwise, it's just a giant time wasting hobby. And you can get caught like you don't need to season it. You don't need to spend time, you know getting good at it before you can put stuff out there. Can I just tell you that I know some of you, that's a paradigm shift for you. Because traditional education teaches you that you have to fill the bucket filled the bucket, learn a whole bunch of stuff, learn a whole bunch of stuff before taking action. Well, that's the worst thing that you can do. What I recommend people do is to create an irresistible offer for their coaching business, launch it out there, get some people in front of them and then start closing sales right away. And that's how you can make six figures in 30 days and so for five days, absolutely free. I'm gonna walk you through that process. Some of you are wondering, Jeremiah, do you have a coaching program that I can work with you on? I do, but the doors are not open to it. Okay, the doors are closed. Right now. Enrollment is closed and I'm not opening the doors anytime soon. It's our client growth accelerator. This is where people can work with me to get help on their coaching business, they get access to all the courses that I put together six steps to six figures as a coach irresistible offers automated marketing secrets how to put your marketing on autopilot virtual event playbook landing page blueprint, the chat GBT profit Academy copywriting mastery, Facebook and Instagram ads, funnel building, sales trainings, email marketing, tick tock ads, mindset, these are all complete courses that you get as part of our program. So I would highly recommend that you join the waiting list for this program. You can join the waiting list over at my website. And when the doors do open, you can actually try it for 30 days risk free. It does cost money to try it. But when the doors open, you can try it for 30 days risk free. Join our group of people. We have over 200 people in the coaching program. It's absolutely incredible. It's the greatest environment. We meet together once a week live and I'm providing two brand new trainings every single week that are recorded for brand new courses that I'm releasing. And just just to show you here real quick inside the Facebook group inside the CG accelerator Facebook group. This is where people are asking questions We're starting a brand new course called the time optimization playbook. People get to ask questions, there's trainings for me, I'm giving insights. I'm providing feedback.

[725:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: All this, we look over your ads, all of that as part of the client growth accelerator. Okay, so get on the waiting list for that. Some of you might be like, you know, I need some one on one coaching Jeremiah. So, one on one coaching, I do have a one on one coaching offer, it's $30,000, to do one on one coaching with me. And what do you get with that you get one day with me spend the whole day together. To follow up sessions, you get a year in the accelerator and lifetime access to my courses. Okay. And so if you want to do that, you can finance it, you can or you pay in full, it's $1,000 deposit over my website. So again, I'm not selling you anything, I'm not pitching you anything. I don't have anything to sell you. But I would invite you to get on the waiting list for my group coaching program. And to go jump into the training that we're doing. Grow your group coaching business with Zoom events. The five day virtual mastermind, April 10, through the 14th. We're going to meet together, we're going to work for five days together on your business, helping you create that irresistible offer how to position your virtual event for maximum impact, how to inspire people to choose your event over others, how to automate the whole process, and then how to create the kind of money that you want to make. Okay. And right now, for a limited time until Thursday at midnight, April 6, there is a VIP upgrade to it. It's only $23. If we go and we register here. Let's just register. Real quick. The VIP upgrade gives you seven bonus trainings. Plus, you get five days in a backstage pass q&a With me, those of you who sign up for the VIP for this event. On Saturday. This week, we're going to be meeting together to answer your questions to go over your questions. For this event, April 10 through the 14th It's gonna be five days of that after each session. After immediately following each one hour session, we will be doing q&a The sessions happen at 3pm. Eastern, and then the q&a is at 4pm. Eastern for an hour. So it's an hour training, and an hour q&a For our VIPs plus you get lifetime access to the recordings there. The recordings are only gonna be available for a couple of days. After each session. You get the backstage pass, you will also get the pre trainings. And you get the seven bonuses the launch your six figure group coaching, offer, training intensive recording, the offer Launchpad recording, the sales ninja training, how to close more sales chats, UBT prompts for sales, bundle, sales letters, getting unstuck, fun and freedom VIP mindset, all for just $23 until midnight, Thursday, April 2 And the price is gonna go up on this, okay. So jump in, register for that event, you can go find it over my website, I'll post the link here as well. And we're going to be spending five days together to work with you on using Zoom events to market and grow your coaching business. Okay, so how do you actually develop a killer coaching business? I'm going to walk you through that process here right now. Okay. We use chat GPT. To do this chat. GPT is the number one artificial intelligence tool out there. And GPT four is the most advanced algorithm for this. I would highly recommend if you missed out on Google in the early days, if you missed out on Bitcoin in the early days, don't miss out on chat GPT and learning to use GPT for so that you're not irrelevant. You This is the opportunity of the century to make millions of dollars in any industry in any niche with coaching. Okay. In fact, I have a prompt right here where I can tell it to basically create any number of social media posts for me based off of any topic, coaches and mentors need to run virtual events to get more clients. They are often grinding doing direct messages and phone calls and posting on social media all day when that's a big waste of time. Live events on Zoom is the number one way to get clients in their coaching business. I help people that our group that have group coaching programs do that. group coaching is how you can make the most amount of money, stop wasting time with doing one on one coaching. Okay. So we're gonna put that in here, and it's going to generate for me some social media posts for all of my platforms. I tired of endlessly grinding, sending direct messages making phone calls, posting nonstop on social media, it's time to revolutionize it with live events on Zoom. I'm here to guide you through the game changing process. Say goodbye to time consuming one on one coaching drop a heart below if you're ready to transform your business. LinkedIn post, literally, this one prompt can generate posts for LinkedIn for tick tock for Instagram, to connect with people through social media. And it's writing it for each platform to in chat GPT. Instagram graphic, unlock the power of group coaching, stop grinding, start thriving, virtual events are your key to success. Ditch the grind do virtual events. Okay, so doing live events on Zoom like this, this is the best way to get coaching clients. All of our clients are using events like this, whether it be in zoom or inside a Facebook groups to get their clients. Because this allows you to grow your email list allows you to bring value to people and allows you to connect with your target customer. And it allows you to point people to what it is that you have to offer with your coaching business, okay. And so to grow a coaching business, you have to utilize the feedback loop. The feedback loop is the million dollar strategy that has made my clients millions of dollars that 90% of people ignore. You have to have a mechanism for feedback. Or you will be dead in the water with trying to coach people. Okay. So the best mechanism for feedback is we run live zoom events like this. People ask questions, they post in the chat. They're in the Facebook group, they get to go through the pre trainings. When you join the Facebook group, I asked you what are you struggling with? What would you like to learn? We then filter those questions into the AI. And it develops all of our marketing for us all of our sales, copy all of our content, all of our ideas for what we even coach our clients on. We're using artificial intelligence to do this. Then you might be saying, well, what about you know, plagiarism? What about like copying ideas? Are the ideas good enough? First off, we do all of our coaching through video. So if I'm getting an idea from chat, GBT, in that I'm teaching it, there's no such thing as plagiarism. In the Info publishing space in information education, we actually can't copyright ideas. And they just rolled in the United States, you also can't copyright what's generated through AI, which is pretty cool. And so because of that, it's open source, it's open for anybody to use these ideas for anybody to use these concepts to launch a coaching business. Can I also tell you this, there's a common misconception with coaches out there, that you need to be the one original, better than anybody else that's out there the only person that's teaching or coaching on that topic, it can't be with any competition, and you're looking for that one thing, that's the worst thing that you can do what you what I would recommend is find a niche that you already know that somebody is profitable in and do that because you can do it as good as or better than them. Now, obviously, I would encourage you be the best that you can be at what you're doing. But stop comparing yourself to other people. I'm not the first person on the planet to teach you how to grow a coaching business how to create a coaching business. And yet we're very successful financially successful doing so. You don't have to be the one first original idea when it comes to building a coaching business. Okay, so realize that borrow from that. And if you upgraded to the VIP for this session, you got a finding your niche bundle in there. There's additional trainings where I go into how to plan and map out your program and and how to find your niche. There's a PDF and there are over 100 niches that you can choose from. So if you pick one or two ideas, you can start there. And what I do is I tell you to I tell people to toss The ball around to play around with, like, it's a video game like you're having fun. This is why we need to have more fun. Stop taking yourself so seriously, it's not taking this. So seriously. Relax, breathe, have fun.

[885:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: We take it way too seriously, because money is involved, because we're trying to try to, I just want to, I want to make sure that I create something that's good enough for the value of the marketplace. So people invest money with me, who calmed down a little bit, just simmer down a little bit, and have some fun, and enjoy the process. Can I tell you this? When you get into a flow state, that's where the magic flows. I'm in a flow state right now. In fact, every time that I teach your coach, I'm in a flow state. And I've learned how to cultivate getting into a flow state where I don't have notes. I'm literally just talking, I'm talking right into the camera, right here to you, to help you get results. How do I even know what to talk about? I'm literally just flowing from knowing how to do that. And you can learn how to have that skill set that will set you apart as a coach. We need to overcome perfectionism. We need to overcome the mental weeds that are holding us back the mental struggles, the fear, and the worry, and the doubts and the insecurities and the imposter syndrome and feeling like I'm not good enough or I don't have enough time. Can I tell you this? We need to break up with the victim mindset. blaming everything else around you. Well, I'm not good enough. Well, nobody knows who I am. I don't have any case studies. I'm not tech savvy. I don't have enough time. All of these excuses and reasons that we give for why we can't, what have you said maybe I could I could learn how to do this. And the biggest detriment to coaches is they're trying to do everything the right way. Instead of just making it all an experiment to have fun with, you want to know how you build a signature group coaching program that makes money, you make it a game, and you make it fun, and you make it an experiment. And you go out there with the idea and the mindset of this is just me having fun today, instead of taking yourself so seriously. And so what I invite you to do is to utilize chat GPT. And to have some fun with the process. Now, again, I've shown you a couple of technology tools, Thinkific. Chat, GPT and Jasper and, and these one of the saddest things that I see is I show people how to use these technology tools. And they don't even they don't even create a free account on the sites to start using them. Because they're so trained to hesitate. Before they take action. We have to break up with hesitation. If we want to make money in a coaching business, we have to break up with stalling overthinking over analyzing, having to try to make sure we feel good can I tell you this when you launch your coaching business, you're probably not going to feel very good about it. I tell you that from experience because even to this day, and all my clients, there's nerves that happen whenever you launch something. If you're looking for some inner peace before you launch, you're not really going to find it and that becomes your excuse for procrastination. Well I don't have inner peace yet. That's literally the victim mindset. You being victim to I don't feel peace about it yet. Instead of just having fun with the game, putting it out there seeing what happens seeing who shows up. What if you did a zoom call and nobody bought from you. I want you to just think about that. Worst case scenario, you you you launch your business, nobody becomes a client. Now I want you to ask yourself, what do you believe that means about you? That's where you're going to be limited in your in your life and in your business. And I don't say this for you to beat yourself up. I need you to have self compassion. You know we are way too harsh on ourselves. We are way too unkind to ourselves. We are way too critical of ourselves. We are way too judgmental of ourselves. When you learn to talk to yourself with kindness, and compassion, like you would talk to a close friend. Everything opens up for you. Your creativity opens up. Now you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, why have you been talking about all this mindset stuff for so long here, you want to know why? Because it is impossible to develop a signature group coaching program, if your brain is in the weeds. I could give you all the strategies, you do nothing with it, you do nothing with it. I see it. So I've seen it 1000 times. You're not the one special snowflake. Now I'd love for you to prove me wrong. And that'd be great. But I've been doing this a long time. I know how people are. As I can give you content on what to do till I'm blue in the face, and you do nothing with it. Until you work out what's up here. And it's not to beat yourself up. But it's here to say, You know what, I'm willing to do something different today than I've done as my habit for the last 30 years. For the last 20 years. For the last five times. I've tried to build a coaching business. I'm here to do something different today. How many of y'all are willing to say I'm willing to do something different today? Now what I want to show you, is how we use chat GPT to actually map out and come up with our ideas for our coaching business. Let's take a niche like

[990:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: pet healers who use crystals and

[995:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's good.

[997:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So whatever your idea is, how do you plan on helping people, maybe you say that your fitness fitness coach. Okay, you want to start to start by getting specific about who you can help. And you want your niche to be a segment of the market that's willing to spend money with you. Okay? I'll tell you this, the Compassionate your heart may want to help a group of people that doesn't have expendable income, create free content for them. But you're gonna make money by speaking to the people who actually are willing to invest into a result with you. And so you got to also work on your own money mindset issues about that. And so for instance, fitness coach for competitive fitness or for busy entrepreneurs, they need to get fit for a photoshoot, something like that right? niche down to a group of people that actually has expendable money to spend. And this is going to challenge your own beliefs about yourself, as if that group of people is willing to work with you. If you don't believe that they're willing to work with you, you're gonna project insecurity into the conversation, okay? But I want you to dial that in. And so like for instance, here's where shout JpT is cool. Let's just start with the niche of fitness coach. I want to make a coaching business in fitness. What are 20 sub niches of the fitness coaching industry? Actually, let's edit this even more. Specifically, I want to find ones that people are willing to invest a significant amount of money into getting coaching, not just run of the mill. Cheap coaching that's important. Mainly to invest significant amount of money. And so it's going to be able to find that executive fitness coaching tailoring program for busy professionals, post rehab, fitness coaching, youth, sports performance. All of these are great, I know people that are in all these niches, pre and postnatal fitness, triathlon coaching, golf fitness coaching people Want to do their golf game fitness for seniors? So the idea is these groups of people actually have money to invest into this let's try another niche and energy healing with crystals let's try this specialize nice was in the wellness industry although you're asking Oh whoops let me fix that

[1048:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: energy healing with crystals can be lucrative and rewarding here are 20 sub niches that may appeal to clients want to invest more in premium coaching luxury crystal healing retreats, high end toolkits Executive Stress Management, high performing athletes fertility and pregnancy advanced healing certification okay let's try this thyroid health

[1058:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I love this specifically I want to find people that are willing to invest a significant amount of money into getting coaching because it's finding those higher level niches

[1062:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hashimotos coaching Yep, one of them Graves disease I know one of them will be trying to conceive. Yep, fertility that's number four. That's a huge niche right there. Weight management. So the idea is you identify let's take a look at video game, video game play. If you're a coach that coaches video game play eSports training, speed running battle royale games that they can make money in. Yep, fighting games specializing in specific games that involves bedding and things like that. Okay, let's try let's try some others. Christian dating so chat GVT can help you find lucrative niches to go into.

[1080:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: High Net Worth Christians of people with a lot of money, single parents, divorce recovery. widows and widowers matchmaking faith based relationship communication

[1086:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: life coaching

[1088:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are sub niches of life coach so you got to get specific as to who has the money okay, executive coaching CEOs and managers, career coaching, these are all places where people are willing to make an investment. Such as you know, this is the niche that I'm in entrepreneur coaching I coach the coaches I'm a guru to the Guru's helping with that relationship coaching, parenting coaching. I know people that make six figures, and all these niches right here. Confidence coaching, mindset coaching, Performance Coaching any sort of way, where you're helping people improve or guide them to some better like grief and loss coaching is a big one. Retirement coaching, addiction recovery. In fact, these are great coaching niches that you could dive into, and even find the sub niches of let's do creativity, coaching, creativity and art coaching, and find some sub niches of creativity and art coaching. So chat GVT you're you're able to ask these questions, and it gives you these results. Let's dive into this here real quick. I'm going to pick one of these niches. And I'm going to show you something really cool executive creativity coaching, art therapy, art portfolio development, corporate art workshops. Okay, creative writing coaching. Creative Writing coaching is actually really good right here. Let's dial this in a little bit more screenwriting coaching somebody who wants to do screenwriting fiction writing, see, because writing isn't just writing, it's different styles of writing. I coach people on memoirs, playwrights, screenwriting, poetry. So if we do fiction writing coaching, you could die dive into even a sub niche of fiction writing coaching.

[1123:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: sub niches with clients willing to invest money into high quality coaching, high concept mystery coaching, romantic suspense coaching world building for science fiction and fantasy, you can build entire businesses around this. Okay? Let's do this psychological thriller writing. That's cool. All right. Now let's chat GPT. This map out in an eight week, group coaching program and all the lessons with sub lessons and topics for a group coaching. program about psychological thriller writing. Week one, intro to the genre, key elements. So chat CBT allows you to take whatever your niche is, and it will break down for you how to actually build out your coaching program, what do you talk about during certain weeks of your program. And what I like to encourage people to do with their coaching is to do a hybrid approach. If you don't have a big email list, you don't have a big following. Nobody knows who you are. There's really two approaches that I like to do for coaching. This is amazing what this is coming up with. Like if that was your niche, our chat, GBT is actually coming up with how you would build a coaching business around this, and selling a course on this topic. So with the hybrid coaching is this, you can either do two approaches where you have the membership model, where people pay monthly or yearly. That's what we have in ours, you pay, you commit to a year of coaching with us, and then you can pay monthly with our group coaching, okay? The problem with this, though, is that it's very slow to make the kind of money that you want to make if you don't already have a following already, and you haven't been doing it a while, okay, it might take you six to 12 months to even crack six figures with a membership model. So just being real on that. The cool part, though, about membership model is that it's recurring income, it's consistent income, you can count on it, even if you take off. So there's pros and cons to it. The other model is what I call the hybrid model, where you sell a term. So this is an ongoing membership. What I like is I like term coaching. And I like an eight to 12 week program. And what you can do is you sell the term for 497 to $1,000. To people you get, you get eight people into this, or 1624 people every quarter, and you have a six figure business at 997. And what they do is they come in for a for an eight to 12 week term. Now there's a way that you can actually do this to where you can get people in for eight to 12 weeks. But it's ongoing. And that's when you have additional courses and trainings that they can jump into my coaching program. For instance, when people jump in, there's a we have an onboarding call do they start with an onboarding people to point them in the different directions to go to, so people can come in at different stages in their business, and different stages in the program without us having to start from scratch from day one, okay. And so the hybrid approach that I like to do is where you could actually have people come in four weeks into it. And they can start by saying, Okay, go back to the first couple of lessons, we're going to be doing q&a. And this becomes an ongoing hybrid approach, that you can start to market and reach people with your message. So you can sell this for 497 997. If you do a membership model, I would highly recommend you sell it for at least 1000 to $2,000 a year. Minimum to make the kind of money you want to make $2,000 a year you only need to get four clients a month to have a six figure business but it'll take you a year to get to that six figure point. Okay, we love getting 30 to 100 clients a month. That's what we're doing. We get we get 3040 50 clients a month all the time following this model right here, okay, how do you choose which model you want to do? It really just depends on how quickly you want to make that kind of money. How quickly do you want to make the money to cashflow things, and do you want more of the money on the front end? Or do you want it to be is ongoing and recurring. And so both of these you can actually build either way, just know that the membership model, you're gonna have more ongoing and recurring. So you're you break up with the launch cycle, and that's the one that I prefer, but you're gonna make money a lot slower with the membership model long term. And you're gonna want to load new courses in there each month as well, to keep people paying the membership. The hybrid model allows you to really cashflow things to where you might get 50 to $100,000 in sales in just one month. And then you can do that every quarter where you open the doors, you have a waiting list and you open the doors once a quarter into the hybrid model. And again, that's what we've found that a lot of people will really benefit from, is doing this sort of hybrid model where it might even be, they can recur at the end of the term as well. So it becomes even a mix of the two models, but you're selling it for a shorter term right here. Okay, instead of just for one month at a time, you're selling it for three whole months, they got to commit to those three months, they're buying the whole three months, you might be able to split this into three payments of $397 or $197. To lower the cost, okay, so these models, they really kind of work hand in hand together, don't get caught up in the minutiae of which model should I do which one's best. I see people do this, they get so caught up and trying to figure out the right way to do it, quote, unquote, they don't even want something and won't even make money when they could have literally been making multiple six figures already. And that's what I recommend that you do is that you map out your program, you use chat GPT and then you start running events on Zoom, you start getting people in front of you on Zoom. And that's exactly what we're going to be going over next week in the Grow Your group coaching business with Zoom events, five day mastermind, okay, so be sure to jump into this. It's completely free. By the way, it's completely free. You don't have to pay for this, we're gonna work with you through the entire process of how do we actually build our offer out? How do we price it? How do we set it up, what we recommend people do is they build out two offers two landing pages, one of them cost money, one of them's free, and they're on the same topic, they're on the same path. Okay, so like for instance, this is a free offer that I have right here. When you sign up for today's training, that was a free offer that I have, but it's the direct link to the path of what I help clients with. It's a direct path of how we're helping people get the most sales in their business zoom events, live events virtual events is the number one methodology right now in coaching to make six and seven figures and even eight figures because it allows you to grow your email list and growing your email list as one of the most important things that you absolutely need to do in your business to start to make the kind of money that you want to make you need to get people on an email list and then you need to present to those people a paid offer a paid coaching offer Okay, and so how do you make that standout? Chat CBT can help you stand out. Chat CBT can help you come up with what what do I say in my offer? How do I say it how do I frame it? What's this if I take this right here about social media content

[1261:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate me five possible topics to talk about on social media based on the above the role of unreliable narrators and psychological thrillers favorite psychological thriller settings? That's a good one. Okay. So now I can take this and I can have it. Create me some social media posts around these topics. What's your favorite psychological thriller setting is an eerie old mansion, a creepy small town. Something else let's discuss our top picks most spine chilling places and literature. The perfect setting can make your thriller unforgettable, which setting have stayed with you long after reading. And so you can come up with what do you put on your social media? What do you put into your free offers?

[1280:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we're gonna, we're gonna end up going past the time here, I was supposed to end, an hour and a half into this, I know some of you gotta go grab the VIP to get the recording of this so that you can get access to see what the different prompts that I'm using in chat GPT here as well. You get, and I and I'm going to just give this to everybody. But when you registered for this you get access to my chat GPT prompt file, but I'm gonna give you access to that file here. I'll post it in the chat, and I'll post it in the group, my chat GPT commands. And I'll be updating that as well here real soon, with some of these ones that we've gone over today. And so, grab the VIP, this is gonna give you access to the recordings, you're gonna get the bonus q&a On Saturday, April 8, to spend time with me to go over the whole process of putting this funnel together, the whole process of of mapping out your program, the whole process of how do you set yourself apart? How do you manage your time? How do you grow in your confidence? How do you implement a system that automates and streamlines the whole process? How do you build a strong client base with paid advertising, you can ask me questions on that, you get the recording today's session plus you get the finding your niche bundle, the organic social media content bundle, and the bonuses right here for just $7. Go upgrade to the VIP today. Again, this recording is only going to be up for 24 hours. And so if you're watching this right now, and you know you want to rewind and you want to see some of these chat, GBT prompts again, grab the recording for just $7 we're gonna go over this here, again, just a little bit more here. And we're gonna this is how we're going to close it out today is I'm gonna walk you through more of the nuance of actually developing out that coaching program. So what we teach people is this, we teach a process called the six steps. The six steps to six figures as a coach. Number one, you actually find that niche, okay. Number two, you don't record your content, map out your core, spend 12 months coming up with your idea. That's what most people end up doing after they find their niche? No, you want to actually write Happy with AI. That's step two, you want to work with the AI? on step number two, to come up with the words, how do you frame it, the ideas, and then launch an offer. That's where Step number three is you build a landing page, you build a page, on a website where people give you their name and email address. And prior to COVID-19, we used to be able to promote just straight sending people to a coaching program. Now you have to get people on a virtual event where you actually can tell them about what you're doing. You can build trust with them, the entire name of the game is building trust with people to demonstrate your value with them. You invite them into a space with you on Zoom, to work with them to help them get results. And then you they're willing to hear about whatever it is that you have to sell at the end. As I mentioned, I don't have anything to sell today. But I would implore you to register for the five day mastermind. If you're serious about coaching, if you're serious about working through these, these six steps. So you build your landing page for your free and your paid offer. You promote it. And you can promote it through organic social media, through your blog through your email list through paid advertising. Then number five, this is your sales pitch. This is where you actually do the presentation. This is where you actually show up on zoom on your virtual event and you talk to people and you connect with people. And you actually tell them about what you're offering and you bring value and there's a process for doing that. That's what we're going to be breaking down together. For the five days during this event, we're going to be breaking down together. Exactly what do you say on these virtual events to actually get people to become your client. And so we're Register Now, for this event, upgrade to the VIP. It's only $23. Now you might say Jeremiah paid for a VIP for today. Do I get the VIP for this for free? No, you know, I don't do bundles. What this is is it's kind of like Disney, hey, you have a Fastpass, you got to buy the VIP for that event. And then I have the VIP for this event. And so it's kind of like buying a Fastpass to the different experiences. This is today's experience. This is next week's experience that gives you five days with me five days to spend with me, you have till Thursday at midnight, April 6, to grab that you get the bonus trainings, you get the q&a, and you get the recordings of the sessions this five days to put together I'm going to work with you through our entire system. For five days of how do we put together an irresistible offer? How do you position it so that people buy from you all of this stuff that you can read here on the page here, okay? It but it starts with, you find your niche, and you use the AI to actually come up with the language. That's where you also plan out your course at the same time, you saw how quick it was to do that. People are spending way too long, trying to do everything perfect, instead of launching imperfectly, with these simple systems right here. And people always ask me, Well, what's step number six? Step number six, is you analyze the results of the of the campaign, you analyze how many sales you got, how many people showed up. By the way, when you run virtual events, you're not your first sale sales is just influence influencing people to take action. Your first sale that you're trying to close is just getting people to show up to listen to you. And that might take some time to really know. Okay, what do they want? What are their desires? How can I speak their language, that's where the AI comes in and saves you years of testing 1000s of dollars that could have been wasted down the drain. And you can start with very, very specific and have confidence in the output. I am very confident in the output of chat GPT right here. Okay. I have a I have a command that I use in chat GPT.

[1401:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That breaks down all the pain points that people have. It's right here well, we put this in here. This helps us write our sales letter. For our mystery writer. They're struggling to come up with unique story ideas difficult, difficulty creating compelling character dialogue, challenges to the plot structure. So this helps you identify what angle what are you solving, You're a pain killer to solve the pain in your clients. Okay, so you have to actually know what that pain is and so chat GPT can help you do that. What keeps them up at night fear of never finishing or publishing their novel writer's block and self doubt. Unleash your inner best seller with our psychological writing program mastered the art of suspense and unpredictability from amateur to expert. So Chuck GBT actually comes up with these headlines comes up with these ideas comes up with these names for things

[1418:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate 20 possible names for an eight week coaching program that helps these people get the best results specifically for people who are willing to make a significant financial investment generate some ideas for the name of the program thriller mastery Academy psychological thriller prodigy. So these are all names that you could use for your coaching program just with this prompt right here. If that was your niche

[1432:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: psychological thriller visionaries club that's pretty cool. Dark tales and twisted plots mastermind. I like that. Write a sales letter to sell a coaching. A coaching program called for $997 per year Are you tired of struggling with writer's block, trying to craft that perfect twist, developing characters that sends shivers down your readers spine, an exclusive coaching program to elevate your writing skills to new heights, transforming your thriller for a limited time. But don't let the price tag fool you. The value is immeasurable. X expert guidance. And so chat GBT helps you write the language of what you're actually going to be selling to people, it actually helps you come up with this signature coaching offer. And now all your offer is is you put a page up, you set it up in Thinkific. And then people can sign up. And you send emails to those people telling them how to join you on Zoom for the training and the accountability. And they get to join you in a Facebook group to meet with you. Again, some you're like, I don't want to use Facebook, I don't want to. Okay, well, there's other platforms you can pay for like circle.so, or tribe platform. But Facebook is one of the easiest ones that we've used for this. Okay. I have another command that I'll use here, storytelling framework. If we want to do a free webinar

[1459:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it gives a storytelling framework ready to write that thriller that keeps readers up all night? Hey there fellow reader, are you struggling with writer's block? Trust me, I know what it's like. I've been there too. I remember feeling so frustrated and wondering if I'd ever be able to write a psychological thriller that would grab reader's attention and keep them on the edge of their seats. I thought maybe I just didn't have what it took. And then something changed. So this is this is telling the story of you and your client back to them. So this is the chat GBT prompt right here write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above in a conversational informal and persuasive tone. Those tones are very important. And this is where it gets good. Specifically follow this format. Are you tired of issue problem? I know what it's like I've been there to share an empathy story. And then give an invite to a webinar. And then I have it rewrite it in my mom's tone. Which by the way, if you tell Chet GPT to write it in the tone of Sandy Krakowski. I wrote a lot of those sales letters. And so when I use Sandy Krakowski as a tone, it actually writes it how I would write sales copy, because it's basing it off of my own work that's connected with her, which is pretty cool. How to come up with killer twists. This is great. So it rewrote it. This is in the tone of Sandy Rakowski. I can tell because this is how I would write it if you're ready to join and unlock your full potential as a thriller writer. Awesome. You now if you want to send an email out. We have a prompt right here. That's called the email marketing expert prompt. That will actually write an email that tells people to join the event based off of expert training that we've actually injected into the prompt. Discover how this unexpected hero overcame writer's block. Have you ever felt like you're stuck in a rut? Unable to write a single word and come up with the perfect plot twist if you're not alone, in fact, it's an incredible story of someone who faced the same problem. Meet Sarah talented writer with a passion so you could use any case study that you have could also be your own case study stumbled upon a game changing secret that transformed her writing journey, she discovered the power of storytelling. Through the hero's journey framework. The revelation changed everything. And so what these are is these prompts these chat GPT prompts are things that I've developed that I've worked on that actually tell chat GPT what to do? How did it do this email. So this is a really big prompt, this is what I told it to do. You are an email marketing expert. So what that does is that tells chat GPT how to act and how to behave. Who writes emails to a warm market to inform them on topic, you're keen on storytelling using the hero's journey framework to open a story apart. It's written to an email list of 200,000 people write it in this tone inspired by sending kowski and every email before the call to action, there's always a lesson to be learned. The email could stand on its own just with the lesson call to action. Remember the following points when writing the emails. And then what I did was actually summarize a number of different trainings on how to do storytelling to draw a strong emotional connection. Emphasizing the benefits solving a problem getting to the point quickly. And so I'm actually training the algorithm on the best practices of writing marketing emails, and that's how it came up with this email right here based off of that content. We have another one for sales letters. Where I actually I I told it, you are a sales copywriting expert. You write the best sales letters, you write it in a persuasion, conversational tone. I had this you're writing it for Sandy Hook kowski, you can take that off, you know how to look at multiple sales letters and use your training data, follow the instructions below. And then I actually have training data that I did when I summarized the training, you could actually ask chat GPT some of these questions What are the 20 best practices for writing? marketing emails that close sales to a warm list for coaching businesses, and then you can actually inject what it tells you into the AI so that's actually using these best practices in how it's writing the language. Okay, focus on the benefits provide social proof so that's awesome. So let's see this one is as our sales letter one Are you tired of struggling with yours okay, that that did not work for it

[1543:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: write a sales letter for the above webinar. I've actually put that in there. So then it knows to actually look above unlock your inner thriller writer and conquer writer's block with our free webinar. So writer's block would be a sub niche that you could really help people with solve on a webinar like that. Are you battling writer's block struggling to come up with twists and turns that captivate readers? Trust me, I know what it's like. staring at a blank page. Unleash your inner thriller writer secrets to mastering the hero's journey. Generate 20 possible names for a seminar based on the above. writing content it can actually come up with the name for your virtual events. Thriller mastery twists and turns dark and twisted secrets to mastering the art of the thriller, mind bending tales workshop, the writers edge workshop, tantalizing thrillers and actually that would be a seminar. We could do five day online mastermind over zoom meetings. Let's see what different names it comes up with for those thriller on lease the five day writers mastermind the dark writer's retreat, twisted tales mastermind, right like a pro mastermind Oh, and here's what you want to do this is and frame it in a way that speaks to the end result someone will get the outcome is the name of the mastermind. The ultimate dream outcome that only 1% of students might achieve. will use the default model. Best Seller breakthrough mastermind. Outsmarting your reader unlocking your inner Stephen King, the art of mindbending elite thriller writing mastermind elite thriller writing five day virtual mastermind. So you see what I'm saying you can come up with what your signature topic is about for your coaching program, and all of that very simply. And then you deliver your content live over zoom. You record it on Zoom, and then you upload it into the Thinkific platform to give people access to the lessons. And here's what you want to do. So often, coaches and mentors, they think that they need to develop the content before they can sell it. No, you want to pre sell it. You want to pre sell it before you actually have any of the content created. Because then what that allows you to do is it allows you to listen to the questions of your students. By listening to the questions of your students. You can deliver the content on a drip, weekly trainings. But you'll base your trainings off of what the students are asking for. So instead of reinventing the wheel, you're actually working with your students in a collaborative environment. It's a win win, and you can launch before you even have everything done already. Are you seeing what I mean? Some of y'all were like wondering how do I put that together you launch before you actually have the program and you pre sell it to people and say okay, the program is going to start on May 1, and it's going to be a 12 week. The program and you literally just do each week, but you sell it on April 10, through the 14th for $1,000. But it starts on May 1, you have a mastermind on May 29. That's what our upcoming mastermind is. Okay. And so what you do is you get people in, based on the result that you're promising them by writing the copy with cop with with chat GPT right here, you know, and based off of this, generate an outline for a 12 week coaching program, based on the above understanding psychological writing, plotting the story, character development, dialogue, and pacing, revising and editing, publishing and marketing complete course right there. Chat GPT helps you come up with the whole thing. And you can literally do this for any niche, any niche. So the question you got to ask yourself is, this is what stopping you, I get it, you might be overwhelmed by the AI, you might be afraid it's not good enough, you might be over analyzing everything and thinking, I just can't do this. That's all, that's all mental. It's all in your head. It's your own brain stopping you from doing the thing that you know that you're called to do. Because what it is, is we're filtering it through our past experiences, I find that the coaching business requires you to rewire your entire brain, in order to make the kind of money that you want to make everything that you've done to this moment in time. You want to know about pricing, don't be the cheapest option, your pricing is a boundaries issue. If you're not going to price it at $1,000 or $500, it shows that the price, you're willing that you're willing to whore yourself out to people for a cheaper price, because you're looking for validation. That's what that shows, and people don't respect that and they won't buy from you. And I don't mean that to be harsh. But that's literally what it is. Because I was doing that myself and my business, I was trying to be the cheapest option. Nobody's going to take you seriously as well. When you run paid ads, there's an expected price that you charge. And the algorithms on the paid advertising actually charge you for the paid ads based off of your profit margins that you can make, but they are not going to go based off of you being the cheapest option, they're expecting you to be $1,000 and they're going to charge you accordingly. Otherwise, you're going to lose money and you're going to struggle and you're going to strive and you're going to come to me three months from now and say I tried to do this on my own the way that I thought I was going to do it it didn't work out I got no clients and then you'll be on another training like this with me. I see it all the time people join a training late this was me three four months down the road. They they've gone through my whole podcast they've gone through my my whole YouTube channel. You know our podcast. Our podcast has over 209 episodes all about every single topic that coaches and mentors could deal with it's the Grow Your Life podcast, I highly recommend you check it out. It's like its own coaching program for free. Each lesson is like its own mini 30 minute masterclass about coaching about what you need to do in your coaching business. I highly, highly recommend it. as well. There's over 1000 videos over on my YouTube channel where I break down for you the nuances of coaching and building a coaching business you can find live videos that I've done right here on all these different topics. I do these videos right here. No, you don't need to make all this much content. I'm making this much content because we haven't systematize we got a team that does all this for us. Okay, keep it simple. Just launched one offer one virtual event on zoom to a paid coaching offer and make multiple six figures and I'll walk you through everything I'm gonna hold your hand for five days. During the five day grow your group coaching program event.

[1674:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: For five days, we're going to be immersed in a mastermind environment working with you putting all of these pieces together. So I want to ask you what is the reason why you wouldn't register for a five day mastermind like this What's the what's the what's the hesitation? What are you trying to avoid? What are you not willing to do? If you're here, you say, I don't want to do group coaching, great, have fun doing one on one coaching, it's not gonna make you the kind of money you want to make. I don't want to present on video, okay, then you're not going to make the kind of money you want to make. I don't want to do this, I don't wanna do that I'm not good at that, well, you can get better at it. I'll coach you through that. I'll help you through that. That's what I'm here for. That's what I'm here to work with you through to help you through these different processes. But you got to give me a chance to do that. Okay. And so register now, for the five day mastermind. You won't regret it upgrade to the VIP get the five days of coaching with me. Where we get to meet together for five days next week to help you grow your business. And listen, maybe you're like I just I just don't know if I'm good enough yet to build a coaching business. If if you are still stuck, not feeling like you're good enough, it might be worth it to heal from some of your trauma. One of the biggest reasons why we don't feel like we're good enough is that we've had a lot of trauma in our life. And we've had a lot of people telling us that we're not good enough. And that ends up manifesting in I don't feel like I'm good enough. And so I have to reach a certain level that I'm not out yet for me to finally be worthy people buying my coaching from me, you are worthy right now. You are worthy right now. But we got to break up with the victim mindset, we got to break up with the excuses that we make for why we can't do it. You know, there are hundreds of people who register for this event today. Notice how many are on here live, not very many, because not very many people are ready to actually do what I'm talking about. But if you're still on here, I think that you have something inside of you jump into the five day mastermind with me the Grow Your group coaching, business with Zoom events, five day mastermind. We're going to work together on how you can do this in less than 10 hours a week. Launch and scale your group coaching program we're going to take you to launch phase launch ready you're gonna be launch ready at the end of these five days. No more grinding on social media super easy technology how to stand out in your niche, attract your dream clients and transform your your coaching business. From surviving to flourishing. I'm tired of seeing broke coaches just barely hanging on just barely surviving in their business when their strategies that they could do. But the mental weeds are stopping them. The mental weeds are holding them, they won't even make a chat GPT account. Some of you today are watching this, you're still not going to go make a chat GPT account. I don't know why. But you might need to look internally, we might need to look at and have a growth mindset and say, Okay, I have these goals. And I'm not doing the very things that are going to get me to that goal. What am I afraid of what's stopping me? What do I think's going to happen? What am I trying to control in my life and that is one of the biggest things that you have to get rid of is control. Trying to control how everything goes, learn to let go of the outcome? Learn to release trying to control everything, yes, you're going to do what you can control. Doing zoom events like this is an exercise in releasing control. I have no control over what you do after today. And that used to freak me out. And that used to shut me down mentally. Until I worked through what was that belief? Where was that coming from? Why was I trying to avoid all these nasty people? Why was I expecting everybody to attack me all the time. Working through that, working through that inner game, as a coach as a mentor, what's going to make you stand out as if you work on that inner game so that you're unstoppable and you can help raise other people up transformational coaching is about moving people from where they are to where they want to be and transforming their life. And if you come into my space, this is a transformational coaching environment. You're gonna get the coaching from me for five days on this event that grow your group coaching resume events, to where you will be able to make six figures with a coaching business. Okay, the doors are closed to my client or the accelerator right now. Jump on the waiting list. When the doors open, you'll know about that and then jump into this event with us. Start building your coaching business, start launching it, you can build the launch in less than 30 days, that's what Duke did. Duke came through this with us. And he built and launched in 30 days, the whole process, we got all the courses in the members area, we had all the trainings for you, we got everything to help you with every aspect to help you get better at sales and marketing. And that's that's really that's the that's what the value of the VIP is here. The value of this VIP and this event is you get those five days with me, you get the recordings. There's also multiple pre trainings already, there's six or seven of them that we loaded up for free that you get access to. When you register. When you register for this event, you're gonna get access to multiple pre trainings, my top strategies for productivity, how to serve your clients really well. Whole trainings, top strategies for productivity and focus, how to stand out as a coach in a crowded market. The number one mindset shift to make the right way to start a coaching business. This is a 10 minute training. What's the best niche we'll go over that in here? All that's included when you register for the mastermind. The not only that, you're gonna get my intensive training that I did a couple of weeks ago, the launch your six figure group coaching offer, where we break down step by step it's a three hour training where I break down step by step building your offer. The offer Launchpad mastermind, this is our High Level Mastermind with our coaching clients closed door mastermind that you're gonna get access to the recordings to. For the first time, you're gonna be able to experience what it's like being in our coaching program by watching through our mastermind recordings. That alone is worth like $10,000. The sales ninja training bundle, I need you to get better at sales, I needed you to become a trained assassin salesperson, somebody who can recognize who they want to close sales with and closes sales.

[1796:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: This funnel is going to turn you into a sales ninja GPT for sales letters bundle, getting unstuck, taking massive action, the fun and freedom new stress free approach, how to work less than five hours a week and make seven and eight figures. The VIP mindset training, all that so register for the VIP. It's $23 before Thursday. I can't wait to see you there. Thanks for being here today, everybody. If you want to go on the path to develop and build out your group coaching business, again, virtual events is the way to go. Don't waste time building out this elaborate program and this elaborate course and all that and spending all this time without marketing, start marketing virtual events first, because you need the feedback loop. That's the rub. That's the big reason why as you need the feedback from people to then filter back into chat GPT. And it dials in your offers with exactly what people want, based on what they're telling you the feedback loop. And then you launch that and you connect with people through paid advertising, it brings your cost down, we only spent $2, even 59 cents a lead for this event. That's incredible. Because we dialed in our offer, we dialed it into the paid advertising pays us better than anything else. It's predictable. We get 20 to 30 times our ad spend every single time that we run a campaign, because we're dialing in and we've dialed it in to find exactly who we can help using the exact process using chat TPT and we're going to be dive diving more into using chat GBT for all of this. Plus, I'll be able to answer all of your questions. For those of you who are in the VIP on Saturday this week. I can't wait to see you there. For those of you that are going to join us for the five days, I can't wait to see you there. For those that got the VIP for all that, boom, let's go. Let's develop out your program. This is going to make you stand apart. This is going to set you apart. And when you show up with confidence, the confidence is an inner game. Confidence is something you see it in me. I'm confident I believe in everything that I'm talking about. And I know that it's going to help you. I know that it's going to help you. I know that it's going to radically transform your life. If you apply what I've talked about today, if you don't make excuses if you don't complain, well Jeremiah, you didn't go over this or you didn't go over that or you didn't do that. Why is your brain stuck on that seriously? What what's Have you missed all of what I've talked about. If you want to develop a signature group coaching program, this is how to do that you're way too stuck on the wrong focus, you need to get your focus back aligned on track to the six steps. Focus on writing your offer copy with AI, that's your focus to develop out the signature program is writing it out with the AI. Any anything else is a waste of your energy and time right now at this stage in the game and then build out the pages promoted to people, you actually need a page where people can register, and then you need some people to sell to. People aren't just going to buy from you. I know it sounds great, this idea that we just put a coaching program out there, and people buy it because of the value doesn't work that way. In theory, it works that way. In reality, that's the fastest way to be broke. And so you need to have a strategic, proven, profitable marketing strategy to get people to become your client and virtual events on Zoom. Is that number one marketing strategy better than anything else? Okay. So I can't wait to see you next week. For the live event. Jump in, register now. upgrade to the VIP, and I'll see you there. For some y'all. I'll see you on Saturday. And then we'll see you next week. Have a good one everybody. Talk soon.

