2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND WEDNESDAY
Date: 2023-12-23T21:35:49.000Z
Duration: 92 min
Otter ID: LdIqhx43YhkQ4JXXJ0u46bLbA4E
---

[0:48] Speaker 0: All right.

[1:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is going to be fun.

[2:26] Speaker 0: This is our AMA.

[4:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Live stream, which is awesome. I'm gonna go streaming this as well

[6:52] Speaker 0: in some of the live groups that I'm in, as well on my Facebook page.

[10:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well let everybody in. All right.

[11:19] Speaker 0: We're here. Let's do this.

[12:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is great. Hello. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody Welcome on. Welcome to The Live. Ask me anything q&a? How are you doing today? How are you doing this morning? This is a this is an open forum filled to ask anything, ask any questions. And so Wow, we had like four people logged off already. That's funny. Interesting. All right. Well, the way the format on this is gonna work is you're gonna basically either raise your hand, ask a question, if you're watching on one of the live streams in the groups. Make sure to come on Zoom. It's kind of difficult to don't always see the questions that are up. But yeah, raise your hand ask your questions. And that's what I will be doing right here. I'll be taking your questions with you. If you're finding this in one of the groups, there should be a zoom link on there. And I'm going to be here for the next hour. Ready to take your questions. You know, oh my gosh, made a little bit of a scare. My wife thought that her her sunglasses were stolen. She was at Home Depot and with the baby watching the baby and she set them down and then they were gone. And then I guess they called her back and I guess somebody accidentally picked them up and returned them as and so anyways, if you are here now just a little story time. If you're here this is an open ask me anything. I made that pretty clear that that's what this is. This is led by the people that are here. There's no necessarily topic but if you need some ideas, whether it be impostor syndrome, your confidence. This is completely open. So yeah, anything goes type of a thing. asked me anything. q&a. No need to be nervous. I know a lot of people that are waiting for somebody else to ask the first question is usually how it goes. The Zoom link is right there. Tony says he's looking for it. It's right there. It's in the it's in the description of the video. He's streaming it so jump on if you got questions. Now we'll be here for the next hour to answer those for you. Raise your hand I guess you could post them in the in the chat too. And I will be here to take your questions. As funny I did one of these AMA's I do these probably a couple times a year and it takes like the first 10 minutes just to get somebody to have the courage to even ask a question which is always interesting. So that's you know, no worries, I get it. It can be a little bit nerve wracking to put yourself out there to ask a question. I don't bite I promise. if I seem a little bit tense like I said it was my wife. We thought her sunglasses were stolen so from the from the store she was like because somebody stole my sunglasses so I got done that was like what I spent the last hour we're figuring out so but here I am and she got her sunglasses back which is great. I guess somebody returned on which is good. Anyways, yeah, if you're on live we turn my light on. Let's turn some of the lights on behind me let's let's let's do that too. Oh

[72:38] Speaker 0: haha.

[73:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: That a little bit better a little bit brighter. Anyways, raise your hand if you got questions. This is an open asked Me Anything session on literally I've been sitting here just writing some some sales copy for an offer right now for one of my upcoming offers. That is only available for our accelerator members. So I'm not even going to tell anybody about it on here today because If you're not an accelerator member, you won't even hear about it. The headline is she breakthrough financial freedom, bright pass, overwhelm any, and stop facing repeated setbacks. That's another copy and headline I'm putting together. All right. This is an open asked me anything q&a. So if you have questions, raise your hand. Post them in the in the chat. Can y'all hear me? I hope so. Come on over, ask your questions. Jump On In. This is our open live q&a. So raise your hand if you got questions. I'm here to answer them. Again, if you're watching on on Facebook or something, click the Zoom link. Join us on Zoom, that's going to be the fastest way I'm going to see it. Unfortunately, with the streaming software we use if it's in a group, they don't show me the questions. So it's kind of annoying. I realized that this week, as far as that goes, but um, yeah, if you got questions, ask, ask away. Raise your hand and ask any question. Whether it be about your offer your sales copy, whether it be about ads, whether it be about making money, whether it be about ideas, whether it be about the accelerator program, we have the doors that are open until Wednesday, next week, about Christmas, if you want to talk anything. Anything Goes ask me anything. So raise your hand. We've got 10 people on here waiting for somebody else to ask a question. Because usually how these go, I've done these enough. Now I used to get all offended. I'm like, nobody's asking me a question. I'm like, No, it's okay. Somebody will eventually speak up, raise your hand ask a question. This is our open. Open ama q&a. All right, we got Tommy Tommy CODEL or coddle. I'm not sure what's up Tommy, how are you? It was so Jeremiah, I guess my question is, what platform do you think is the best one to, like, upload your course on like Kajabi or click funnels? Or? Yeah, it's a great question. I actually went and did a deep dive, because I got I kept getting that question. So I went and I signed up for a mall about two weeks ago. And I went through and I did a deep dive through all of them. Um, you know, I used to like click funnels, I'm not a big fan of Click Funnels, Click Funnels 2.0 anymore. I would say if we're talking about the best platform and my experience, again, yes, probably gonna be Kajabi. But it's also probably the most expensive and really, it's using their higher level version, the four $500 A month version is going to be the best that there is, I think it's going to be the best all in one like that has everything. The way that they run their courses is amazing. I love Kajabi I personally use think if ik it's a little bit cheaper, and they have a lower end option for that. So I like Thinkific I know a lot of people are using sis systemic IO System IO, it's like system ii.io. And they're liking that. And if we're talking about horses, I haven't used their their CourseBuilder. But I don't know their funnel builders nice. Um, and then go high level is also another one. So when it comes to marketing, there's iOS, I've always split this into kind of two, two categories when it comes to platforms, front end. And that's kind of how we market and sell and then we got back end, which is how we like deliver the courses. So if we're talking about best for delivering courses on the back end, it's going to be for me, it's going to be Kajabi. But it's the most expensive, so I don't even use Kajabi because I don't think it's fully worth the cost. But it is still that some of the best customer service your team using that and all that we use this with Rick Pitino and then think if IK is the one that I use, I think it's the best value as far as that goes for front end. Best that's out there is going to be go high level I think, but it's also probably one of the most complicated. Easiest is going to be systemic IO and that it has the best front end features, but it's also a little bit more complicated. Total easiest and this is what I use again is Squarespace so I use Squarespace because of its cost and it's like it's so easy in five minutes to put a landing page up and launch something and I have team members that it took me like an Give me an hour of training to train them on how to use it. So for me, for my business, ease of use time use, all of that is important. That's why there are superior platforms out there, and I don't use them, I use what's simple and easy for me to hand off to somebody else is what it is. And I, I train a lot of people, because a lot of people that I worked with, are not very tech savvy. by their own admission, like, I'm not saying that it's like a judgment of anybody, I don't mean that, that any kind of judgment of anybody. And so they try to try to like, a lot of these different platforms. And they are just like spent like, cross-eyed bug eyed, they're like, I can't figure it out all that. And so my advice to them is that really like, sure, there might be superior features and some of the platforms, but the platform that you can use to be consistent is always going to be the best. And in my opinion, Squarespace for most people for their marketing, and I like Thinkific a lot for delivering courses as far as that goes. So I don't know if they give it is necessarily the easiest for courses, I would say Kajabi is a little bit easier to use for courses, but it's also like three times the price. So again, price features, ease of use, those are all I put like circles, you know, like you can't have all three of them like easiest to use best price most features, like you got to kind of pick two. They all pretty much do it though. Like they do the same stuff. If I'm coaching my coaching clients, I say this, I get I get a my heartbreaks for a lot of people, because they spend years bouncing from platform to platform and never make sales. I would rather people use an inferior platform and sell and be consistent then try to make everything perfect and spend years and years and years investing in platforms and not actually making money. And so and I see that happen more often than not with people. And it's it's because of this shiny object syndrome, believing that there's something better believing that there's some slight edge that they're gonna get by switching to another platform. And in my experience, that's never actually really the case there. That's usually a form of distracting themselves from actually doing what the real hard work is, which is selling, which is getting clients. But it's also the most important growing your email list actually getting people in front of you. So Tommy, was that was that? I know, that was more more than you asked. But yeah, it was good. I appreciate that. Cool. I would say it's a it's a very loaded question. I get asked it a lot. I'm getting better at explaining it. I probably I want to get like what I just told you. I might I might take the transcript of what I just told you loaded up in the chat GPT and be like, How can I explain this in like 1/10 of the words. You know, by the way, that's how I use I use chat GPT to help me do that. The less words you can use to explain stuff to people. And this is a good an additional thing, the better you are at coaching and mentoring people. And so I will take my ideas, which are usually very wordy. And I'll have the AI help me make it more succinct. And I find that that makes me more effective at sales and mentoring people. All right. Any other questions? Anybody raise your hand we got we got quite an audience here. I got like 14 people on here, which is awesome. We got a handful watching on social media as well. If you're on social media, and you're watching and you got questions, I would encourage you click the Zoom link that's attached. It's in the it's in the description. And join us up on Zoom. That's going to be the best way for me to answer you. Alice, how are you are Elise I hope I said that right, Alice or Elise? Or at least you know, I don't know. Where you are awesome. How are you?

[223:58] Speaker 0: I'm getting you doing great. It's a smart question. But these sessions you've held for the entire week, how long will they be online? Or how I'm going to have access?

[227:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you upgrade to the VIP? Yes. Oh, if you got the VIP you have lifetime access? Yeah, forever. So you got you got him forever. As long as I as long as I keep paying the bill on my marketing platform, which I don't plan on stopping anytime soon. And I say that because I've been in this industry for 20 years. And there are people who were in business gave lifetime access to stuff and then they shut their business down and so somebody stops paying the bill. Those people to get lifetime access, lose access. So I always I'm always like as long as I keep paying the bills, which I plan on. If I if I I wouldn't start that's why I use one platform I'm because I like Thinkific, I can keep paying the basic level of Thinkific for a long time. And that's basically like, for me, it will be like $1,000 a year for forever to keep access for people. But that's why again, you know, I'm committed to my business and growth. So I'm not going anywhere. I don't do this to like disappear next week. So I plan on being here, I plan on being a resource that you can use for years to come. So that's why as well keep stay follow me on social media, jump into the accelerator, while we have that deal that we're offering the 30 day trial. I don't know if we're gonna be offering that either moving forward, because we just I don't think we have to do that anymore. As much so but yeah, we are offering that right now. Ah, what's up? All right. Hey, we got Cassandra on here. My favorite. Cassandra, how are you? Cassandra is one of our members in the group. How you doing?

[257:10] Cassandra McKissack: Great. I'm great. I hope everyone has the holiday. Can you?

[258:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I was I was telling a story. My wife, her sunglasses were stolen. So when I was I was messaging you earlier. I was there, too. So if it ever came across that I was a little like, irritated at all? It wasn't you it was at that situation?

[262:50] Cassandra McKissack: No, not at all.

[263:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really, really try. I try to be a leader. That is super understanding of everybody. So

[265:37] Cassandra McKissack: you're awesome. I'm glad you my leader. Thank you. Yeah.

[267:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hopefully that helped you. So there you go. Awesome. Well, hey, again, anybody else got a question about your business about your marketing about your the sales process getting more clients, the landing pages, the sales, copy the lead magnets, the you're dealing with, maybe it'd be imposter syndrome, things like that. Anything that you might be dealing with? This is an Ask Me Anything for the next hour. And if the questions keep coming in, I'll, I'll keep answering them. We'll even go past that. So raise your hand. Anything, anything you want, I'm here for you for the next hour. I was mentioning as I came on here, we were dealing with my wife had her sunglasses stolen. They were a really nice pair of Gucci sunglasses, too. So she was kind of irked by that. But she got him back, which is good. Let's see anybody else got some questions? Again, we just spent the last five days doing it full. Probably the best one I've ever done. That was a five day if you've been a part of a previous one. When I just did was next level, in my opinion. I feel like I say that every time but it's true. Cassandra, what's up? Since nobody else is asking, how are you?

[292:52] Cassandra McKissack: This is this is so awesome. This was the best. This is my I think second time going through it completely. Yeah. answered so many questions and you so much to learn. There really is. And so I

[296:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: try to keep it simple, though. You got to there's a lot to learn. But you know, what makes the results is the we keep it down to what we can actually implement. Yes, you know, there's some stuff you don't have to learn either.

[301:40] Cassandra McKissack: Someone else do it for you that you

[302:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: have somebody do it for you. But I say this. I say their stuff too. You don't have to learn until you get further down the road. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, cuz, and it's okay to not learn. I think everybody feels like, oh, they gotta learn everything up front. And that'll make your head that'll make your head spin.

[308:20] Cassandra McKissack: That is so true. Um, I think the part that I was thinking about right now when I'm preparing the I'm gonna do a three day webinar and probably a bonus day. I love how you just add on a few more days at the end. I thought that was pretty cool. Because I feel like if I and I know I will be confident, but it's good to know I can add a few more days and it's not a big deal. I that was a big takeaway for me when you did that yesterday. So I

[315:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: thought that was a Yeah, definitely. I I love doing that. Well, first off, I do this because I love connecting with people. I think first off actually I haven't talked about that. I think I think a love for connecting with people. You Is is an important part of what helps you become successful. And I think that can be developed because I used to really hate it. And I think that I think that the reason why is I was nervous as to like what questions people would ask.

[323:24] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, yeah, that part.

[323:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and so now I'm like, gosh, you could ask me like anything. And I now I, I think one of the things is I use I use chat GPT to help me too. Sometimes, like, if I get asked something I don't know how to answer I tell Chet GPT I'm like, I don't know how to answer this helped me. You know, it's not that that's few and far between when that happens, but it does happen. And so sometimes I'm like, I'm going to use the AI even to assist me as to how to answer based on the knowledge that I have.

[333:01] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, okay. That's good information. Yeah, it's always

[334:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got so much available at our fingertips in business now. Yes. Yay.

[337:07] Cassandra McKissack: But you also have a question that I have. I do have, I believe I have three different topics. For my, my webinar on impostor syndrome, I'm going to talk about fear, and anxiety. So and that's hard. I know, you said like, that's like one part of the conversation. So I also want to ask people how to do the email, I think the email is really important to the lifeline or lifeblood of what you're doing. So it's like, so I'll start talking about, say, imposter syndrome. And then I'll get into what my topic today deals with. I'm just trying to do the how you transform, you know, transition from one conversation to the next. So, um, so

[349:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, the way you transition is, is again, so one of the big advice that I give people, and I'll say you is, is be okay, it's okay to I try to talk to people, like, I'm just talking across the kitchen table almost all the time. Like, if we're talking like I'm talking right now, like, as if you were sitting in my living room, I believe it, you know, you know what I mean? Like, and so that's, that's a big part of it is like, developing that sort of that relaxed nature, to where you where you have the answers, you know, what you're doing. One thing that I found is taking the pressure off of like, and this applies to your question like, transitioning from like this topic to the next one, and that when you're giving a talk or a webinar, yes, is sometimes transitions are a little bit abrupt. Okay, one way that I like to transition is I will tell a story. Okay, that might connect, and it doesn't even necessarily have to be fully related to transition. If it's a really abrupt transition, I'll definitely like talk about something that's related to what I talked about. And then as I pause, I'll switch gears back to that. One way, I got really good at doing this as I listened to other people do their talks. Now it's more like, that's something I would say for you like learning how to transition between different topics is, see how I do it. And I'm not perfect means but. Okay. Yeah. And so that's one way is to look at how other people like transition. Some of that I guess this is another again, also a great question for chat. GPT. I do it well, but sometimes, I wouldn't know how to explain that. And I've never had somebody actually asked that question fully. So let's ask chat. GPT right here.

[381:18] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, brilliant.

[382:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to deliver a two hour webinar. But if I transition from one topic to another, what are 20 pieces of advice about transitioning from say, the topic of impostor syndrome to and then what is the other topic?

[388:05] Cassandra McKissack: I think I said email,

[388:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: email marketing. Yeah, we're going between the transition smoothly. Here we go. This is great. Number two, exactly what I said share a story to bridge the two topics. Yep. So like, you can say this, you know, there's when I was dealing with impostor syndrome, part of how I dealt with it was I was struggling to feel confident with the emails that I was sending people like you would literally like, do it that way to where you would connect the dots. In the conversation with a story use relatable analogies draw parallels to the to perfect draw parallels to how imposter syndrome might manifest in our email marketing. Oh, see? He totally, which is totally true, like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, these people might not like me because I'm sending too many emails. Well, email marketing is very important. Summarize, that's another thing too. I will summarize and conclude my talk on impostor syndrome. And then sometimes it's like, now we're gonna transition and you'll literally just say it. Now we're going to transition over to talk about email marketing. And there's no logical way to connect them perfectly with like storytelling, as I'll literally just summarize what I talked about and say, Now let's talk about this.

[408:03] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, okay.

[408:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Humor. Pause. Yeah, he's great. You feel

[410:18] Cassandra McKissack: like that is part of your lead gen. Y, if someone asked me about lead generation, that email marketing is part of your lead generation? Or is you are you compartmentalizing those? Those

[414:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: would be compartmentalized for sure. I think email marketing is how you market to people that are in the email. Right? Your, your your lot of your whole system for like, tracking, running ads, and all that is based around having some form of lead generation. So Oh, yeah. Lead generate? Yeah. All right. I'm gonna go over to Lance here. Okay. Thank you. All right. Yeah, definitely. What's up, Lance? How are you? I know, that was a pretty cool question, though. The Cassandra had about like, if you're transitioning to topics, I hadn't even really thought about that as much. Yeah, that information

[424:07] Lance Williams: was very helpful. Yeah, super cool. Yeah. Alright, so a couple of things for clarity sake. I wanted to ask, Do I necessarily, we talked about the program that we're going to launch next month. Do you think Jeremiah that I need something to lead them into the program like a free webinar? Or I wanted to know how to really do it? Did he just put the advertisement out there? This is the offer, this is the program or did he do like something like webinars to lead up to the

[432:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: marketplace changed since then you always need something that's gonna like, because when we started, that was prior, it was before COVID. And everything kind of changed after COVID. And so we didn't necessarily need to have something to lead into it. And then, after COVID, we couldn't get any sales without leading people into something with a webinar. Okay, so that shift happened, the big time. Um, you know, I think of it an example, I think of it like, you know, the process of like a car dealership, or things like that a little bit, is like, nobody's gonna buy a car without test driving it at least. Right? Unless they test driven it before. Right, but it's still nice to test drive the one you're buying. Right. And now some salespeople, like, they have a whole script that they go through, and it's annoying. Um, but like, other times, people like that sort of like, hey, you know, you want a glass of water. Like, let's talk about the options, things like that. So it's like, A, it's reading your audience is going to be important, what do they like? What do they engage with, um, but one thing that I say is if you're selling coaching, because we're, when we're selling coaching and courses, the only people because my goal is not, actually to get people to buy my coat check. My goal is to get them to become a testimony. So a testimony gets results. You know what I mean? And so I want people that are going to become a testimony now, Sure, I'd love for you to buy it from me, but because I have my 30 Day deal, just getting people to buy my coaching from me. And then they're gonna ask for their money back 30 days later, I mean, I don't want a lot of that, you know, I don't, I'm not gonna have a business that everybody's asking for their money back 30 days later. So I gotta make sure that the right people are buying and I want to disqualify the wrong ones at that stage as well. And so that's a big part of it, because you'll end up with a lot of either dissatisfied or they were confused, or the expectations were off, things like that. And I actually found that in my accelerator, I found that this was happening in one single instance. I had people last year for the last year, they would write me they'd say, Hey, I don't want to go through your webinar. I just want the link to sign up for the accelerator. 100% of those people ask for their money back after 30 days. So not a single one of them that didn't want to go through the stuff stayed as I realized, now I had somebody write me they're like, Hey, I don't want to go through a thing with you. Can you send me the link to sign up? And I said, No. Everybody actually has to kind of this is this is how our system starts. You start here and you got through it, she's like, I don't have time to do that. And like, in my head, I'm like, well, then you, I guarantee you, you're probably not going to show up on any of the live calls. And you're not gonna have time to show up to any of the live calls, you're going to not have any time to go through any of the courses, and you're probably going to complain and whine and be just like, all these other people who didn't have time. You know what I mean? So it's like, I found that to be the case is because most of those people have already qualified themselves out of my system by saying they don't have time to attend a training with me. And so, that might not be the case. For every coach, of course, greater, I have found it to be the case, for me, and I have found it more so to be the case after COVID. Because there's so much competition out there, there's so many people that are marketing and vying for people's attention and things like that. And, and so well, we did was we did, everybody had to come through at least some kind of a qualification process to work with us with Rick and even now he's i Because I, Steven Robbins builds all Rick's current funnels, he's still having them do a sales call, and all of that before they jump in some kind of a way to build trust, versus just sending people a link and saying, hey, sign up and pay for this thing. So there's kind of two ways that you would do this to lead in number one is you can either have it be free, right? Now, if it's free, you will have a lot of people that are not qualified, that are going to jump in the free thing. And I had to find somebody who I consider not qualified, I pay attention to who joins the accelerator, and who doesn't. And so I love everybody. But I also pay attention to the questions that people who don't join, ask me and so I find that if I'm not going to ever, I'm not going to get all these people to become a client. The other thing that you can do is you can have a paid either upgrade, that's like seven to $27, right here, paid upgrade, or you charge anywhere from seven to $97. Actually Really 97 That number, we haven't seen much success within the last two years. And so we brought, we bumped that down to about 47. That's kind of the maximum number for like low cost stuff. Because after you've crossed that $50 threshold, people come up with their they hold on to their credit card a lot closer, right? Under 50 bucks. You know, and there's even levels to this. Let's say you got the same offer. At these different price points. And we tested this out, we've tested this out multiple times, you have the same offer, same thing, seven bucks, 17 bucks, 2737 47, you might get 20 people that sign up at seven bucks 15 at 1710 at 27, five at 37 and three at 47. And the numbers of how many people take the offer go down depending on how much the price goes up. So this becomes a lever that you can pull to kind of decide how much do I need to qualify people before they come in? And is it too expensive that maybe we're walking people out the door that we might need to you know, so that's why I like this price point right around here seven to 27. Because it's cheap enough that people are willing to make the investment, take that risk with you. But it's high enough that it weeds out a lot of the time wasters that are just and what do I call a time waster somebody who sits there takes notes for just what they want. And then they go off and do the thing that they want. And they don't have any intention to actually implement or build it or they take the next five years to implement and build. I'm looking for people that are well ready to implement and build in the next like 30 to 60 days, as far as that goes that are actually willing to take action and they want to invest in getting that help and things like that. So when you charge for your qualifying that so we might have 200 people who sign up for a free offer. Out of that will traditionally have about 70 that sign up for the VIP upgrade right here. And then out of that 70 will maybe have like 20 to 25 maybe 30 That jump into the whatever the thing is, so the levels change depending on how many signups So out of this, you can expect maybe 33 to 50% of whoever actually pays for your offer will become a client. And now you got to take that in mind as to the advertising cost, how much do you need to actually make your profit margins? How much do you need to actually pay for the advertising, one of the issues as to why we do this, and by the way, this is just part of the sales process. Because what you're gonna have to sell, you're gonna have to sell something that costs 500, or $1,000, or even $2,000. To make a profit, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, and you're trying to make money, selling anything less than 500 bucks. I'm not just gonna say good luck, I'm i because I've worked with way too many people, you're not going to make money. And that's anybody that's here. Well, I hear it. So I want to help all these people, I want to help so many people, great, then you're running a nonprofit, you're just choosing to run a nonprofit, by charging less than 500 bucks. So that was more for everybody else that was here. Okay, so like, what I like to do is free offer, especially in the beginning, because nobody, if your name isn't established, like really established in the marketplace, um, a free offer allows you to establish that with people, because they might join you for free for one training. And then next month, they might join you on a paid one, because they got to know you. And they might take a few months to make that decision. You're nurturing that relationship. But for the for the sales to come in, you got to charge like for it to be a profitable business. I like to go free had the paid VIP upgrade and then sell something like what we sell it's two grand 166 bucks a month with a 30 day trial on that, so

[591:43] Lance Williams: All right. Yep. But what if I have, like, people who are kind of well known in the industry, a part of the actual program was in the free, I was just trying to think how could here's, here's my thought even if we offered like a free event, I probably would not get them to come and do the free event and the paid event, you know, the popular musicians to come in. So that was trying to think it can be just promoted as the offer and skip the free and the just going by their name and their their their followings. You

[602:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to test that out. Because you could run the pain thing. And now nobody registers now you're like, I didn't have the thing you put out there, or you might have a bunch of people register. That is something that we had to test. And I'll tell you half the time we've been doing this for as long as we did, we had stuff with Rick, where we're like, oh, this is gonna go crazy. All the people are gonna register, nobody signed up. And that happened frequently is that we thought, oh, yeah, this is gonna work and nobody signs up. So we're like, Alright, let's go back to making it free. Just at least get in front of some people. Okay, you know, so like, that's, that's the thing is, especially if you're testing a new offer, I like it to be free just to see how many people do show up to listen to the offer. Okay. One of the biggest mistakes I see a lot of beginners make is like, Alright, I'm gonna charge 97 bucks out the gate.

[615:28] Speaker 0: And

[616:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: nobody shows up to listen to them. Because they're focused on Well, I gotta charge for this to make back that and it's like, you're, you're kind of getting it wrong. It's like, the free, I would rather you get a bunch of people in front of you that then you could sell them. So you can be profitable, instead of like, I'm holding down the fort at this paid price, because of the value of what it is. And I find that just that like, if you like like, like 000 sales is zero, it's still zero, depending on if you're charging or not so. And there's one factor more than anything else that determines how many sales you get. How many people you're actually making the presentation to. Because how many people sign up as not even relevant, because we've had where we've had like 500 people sign up for an event and literally nobody showed up to the webinar. And then we've had 500 people sign up to an event and 400 showed up to the webinar. So that factor is almost 100% related to the sales copy and the follow up process to encourage them to show up and that's what we had ran into to with Rick with the one worship music thing we had ran an offer, about getting your worship music heard. And a ton of people would show up, we changed it to get your Christian music heard and almost nobody showed up, even though they all registered. And so And I concluded it was that his name was less well known in the Christian music space. Like he wasn't like Michael W. Smith, Lauren Daigle, Mercy Me, King and Country, people probably would have shown up to maybe hear them. Whereas they're like, this is like, like, people see him as like a small time. Whereas in the worship, music space, he's he's got more prominence there too. And the people he was bringing in were a lot more prominent, the people he was bringing in are not even that big by comparison to like, some of the names that are in the Christian music space. You know, if you have TobyMac on something versus Stepney Grotzinger, it's, there's a gap there. You know, whereas I've worked with people that have done stuff like with higher level names, things like that, you know, if you have, oh, gosh, what's the name? What's it? What's a big Taylor Swift versus Toby Mac? I mean, there's a gap there as to how many people know that name, right. Both are famous in their own realm, but it's like there's a gap. Totally, you know, so you also got to consider that gap and your market was, it was a big thing. Being well known is not a requirement at all. Because it's how well you do at making that connection and selling to people and persuading them to buy the thing yourself. And if there's nobody there to listen to you, then you got nobody to sell to.

[669:15] Lance Williams: Got it? Yeah. Just one last question. Um, like, if I'm, if there's an ad that's on Facebook that says, Hey, you want to write like, like, for Rick, his program? Get your music heard? That's the ad. Is that considered a lead magnet, that ad or that pro the ad

[674:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it's an ad, it's just that because an ad gets people to click the ad and look at the offer that you're making them? Okay, okay. Okay. So the ad an advertisement builds awareness that something exists. Okay, gotcha. So people don't even know something exists until somebody tells them about it. Got

[681:18] Lance Williams: it, what would be an example of a lead magnet for for something that fabrics, again,

[682:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: it would be an event, it could be an ebook, or it could be a a free or paid course I need to get the email address because also most lead magnets you're not going to make money off of got it, okay, you're not going to make money off of a lead magnet, we like we a 27 or even a $97 you're gonna probably lose money on that. Still, that's why you got to sell the higher cost thing to make the profit, okay. Like, Walmart loses money on a three on $3 chicken but they make money on you buy in a TV or you buy in something else, all your other groceries. So what it is, is as you use your lead in, in business, in business, whatever you use to lead people in the door you're usually always losing money on and as more competitive the market gets, the more the higher that distance becomes. And so then that's why if we want to break it down socio economically, that's why quote unquote, the rich get richer and the poor struggle is because the people with the money have more they can spend to get people in the door. And so and so, but the side note to that is there's always people that can start a new business every single day and become the dominant leader. You know, it's just about their ability to show up in front of people and make something that it's and when I tell people is it's got to be important enough again in coaching okay, we're not selling chicken we're not selling cars here. We're not selling we're not selling TVs. So it's all it's very it's also sales. It's very different if you're doing physical products versus digital products or courses or coaching. Are you still here? I think you froze

[717:36] Lance Williams: i i am. Yeah, he did. Awesome.

[718:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we're not selling chicken. We're not selling TVs. We're not selling cars and That's where when we're selling coaching and courses, really what we're selling is ourselves. That's what we're doing. We're selling access to us, and why should you trust me versus somebody else? That's really the biggest thing. Why should you trust me versus somebody else is because and the only reason somebody trusts you is they believe that investing with you is going to get them the result better than either doing it on their own, or investing in somebody else. I have people, they write me all the time. And they're like, hey, you know, in the beginning, I was like, I used to get offended by this, in the beginning, as they would join me for a webinar, and they're like, oh, yeah, no, I signed up for this other person's coaching. Because, you know, they really felt like they had this, this and this, and they would help me and I'm like, I've been through their coaching, I know, it's not actually going to probably help you. But they, but they, they didn't matter, the truth of that didn't matter. They believed that that person was going to actually get them the result better than I could. So and so that factor. And oftentimes that factor is why the currency of business is trust. And sales, is the ability to build trust with people that working with you, is going to produce the result that they want, versus working with somebody else or, and really what we're competing with is YouTube. YouTube is our competition for coaches and mentors, chat. GPT is actually our competition. Let's get real about it. Because people are chat GPT and YouTubing. All their questions. So what makes us the reason that people sign up with us? See, this is why a lot of people aren't even quitting coaching. Or they give up because it asked the tough questions. Why would somebody work with me versus going through a bunch of YouTube videos or using chat GBT? Because I can give you a much more accurate answer. Based on where you're at, and we're going to build a relationship together. Tour is not just informational. It's me becoming invested in your business's success. And it's a long term thing, to where working with me is specifically in the area of ads, landing pages, Lead Magnet sales, copy all of that is that I'm going to be able to take a look at this tell you how to tweak it in this way, do that. And then we're going to be able to have you test it out. And then you will be able to come back with the data and say, Okay, here's what happened, how can we improve this? And as my gosh, I'd love to say like that happens for everybody the first time out that they do this. Here's the thing, you know what? There's competitors in my market, that by the way, they've been sued by the government. Because they have convinced people that they can be successful without hard work. The FTC will go after somebody who tries to convince people of a lottery ticket mindset that they should work with them instead of somebody like me, who actually shoot straight about what it takes. Because a lot of times those people how many times have we heard the story Oh, I signed up for this coach didn't get results was disappointed. was sad. And here's what's funny is a lot of those coaches too, they say the same thing I'm saying because it sells because it works. So at the end of the day, people are gonna have to take the risk to jump in to do something I read the other day, I read through three or four really big coaching companies, they got sued for like $10 million, because and you dive into it, why is it because they promised Oh, yeah, in 30 days, you're gonna make 20,000 a million dollars, we'll make sure that and then not nine times out of 10 of those people didn't even make a dime after that. Well, those are false promises. Can you be successful in 30 days? Sure, we have clients to have. But the average consumer takes a little bit longer to the average coach takes a little bit longer than that to start to see momentum. And that becomes frustrated. That becomes a you know, and so does it sell more programs to lie to people it can if you're really good at it, but I couldn't sleep at night if I was doing that to people. So

[794:02] Lance Williams: you know, yeah. Hey, I have one more question Jeremiah.

[794:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to have the government telling me hey, you're you're not legit. We and we. But you want to bet the government's got their own AI that's watching through even these videos that I'm doing right now. I'm sure and they're and They're looking for some way to kind of get people. And so listen, I'm not an expert on that. But I have been in the industry long enough, I've seen the good, bad and the ugly. And I just know being honest and truthful is always a better policy, even if it means you get less sales. So

[804:53] Lance Williams: if no one else have a hand raised, can I ask another question? Sure.

[805:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see. Cassandra asked the question. Okay. Over the 10 days of running ads, should I wait another 10 days before I do the webinar? I don't understand that question. Cassandra.

[809:01] Lance Williams: 10 days of running ads, should I wait another seven to 10 days?

[810:06] Cassandra McKissack: Sorry, I was across the room. Yeah, I was trying to get a timeline. How long? Because I know after we run the ads, are we supposed to be testing them or something like that when you get done? My understanding it correctly.

[814:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So running the ads is testing. Okay. Yeah, so you're testing to see if people sign up with the ad, if they either buy from you if they show up or things like that. So like the process of putting an ad on Facebook, you're wanting to get people to sign up for what it is that you're offering.

[820:14] Cassandra McKissack: And I'm doing all of that to the landing page with a free offer. As part of you know,

[821:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you run the ads through the Facebook Ads Manager on Facebook, or Instagram. Yeah. And then you're sending people to the landing page that sign up for the landing page. Right.

[824:39] Cassandra McKissack: Right, exactly. So okay, so basically, once the ads are run, I'm just go ahead. Can I set a date is what I'm trying to understand. So they go through the 10 days on the ad shouldn't be the date for the webinar, right?

[830:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if it's on a specific date, definitely, if it's going to be an evergreen where they can watch it. So those are two different approaches to take with this. I find that evergreen, we tested this one lancio like this with Rick. Okay. In the beginning, we couldn't we couldn't get any sales on an evergreen webinar with Rick. None. So an evergreen webinar meant that he pre recorded it. And then we just launched it to people and they could buy it. And it was like a recording, no sales came in, it was like it was sad. Whereas if Rick was live with people, it was like ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, all these sales came in because he was live and interacted with them. And so like he decided he's like, I'm just doing them all live, you know, till I till I because it's obviously like if I'm not making money with it being recorded. So if it's recorded, there's obviously not a specific date for them to sign up. Cassandra, there's not a specific date, if it's a recording, but if it's if it's

[845:28] Cassandra McKissack: been recorded, I'm going to do the webinar live, then yeah, you put the date

[846:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: on there because people got to people got to make a decision to clear their schedule to actually show up to listen to you. So you want to make that date very clear to people.

[848:53] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. Okay. I just want to make sure I'm understanding it, because we'll be on that landing page. Okay. All right. Yeah. I

[851:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: like putting the date in the ad, too. I think it's a good qualifier. Okay, there's a whole bunch of oh my gosh, I saw a whole thing saying not to put dates in your ads the other day. And I was like, That is like the worst advice I've ever seen.

[854:58] Speaker 2: Because I wouldn't put it in Yeah.

[855:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, there's somebody there telling people like not to do that, because they were like, it makes people like not sign up for your offer. And I'm like, that's a good thing. I don't know why that would be a bad thing. I actually, like one thing that we found. Here's a great example this for ads. We did a we did a tour with Rick. Tickets to the tour were $20 Okay. It was a music tour. He was playing music. But everybody was clicking on the ad thought it was free. So we put in the ad that it was 20 bucks. And so what ended up happening was without the price in the ad, all these people were clicking it and then not buying a ticket. As soon as we put the price in the ad. Nobody who thought it was free would click the ad. So if they clicked it, they already knew it was going to cost them and ticket sales are selling like crazy. So I often like to even put the price in the ad too. Okay. If there's a price now yeah, if there's a price like for the thing that you're selling now, of course, I wouldn't put the price of your main program in your free offer. That's kind of silly.

[876:26] Cassandra McKissack: Right, right. Okay, so my free offer I was thinking about or did you give us a suggestion list of free offers in the on the

[880:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, they're they're usually Okay, so here's, let's kind of go back big picture here as to why an offer matters. You need some kind of a tool to sell to people. So like Lance had asked, if I just send people to buy this 500 or $1,000 program, the chances of you getting people to sign up for this is it's going to cost you like five to 10 grand to get one sale, that's not profitable. Okay. And so, your your lead your lead in that, that builds trust with people is the offer that you have right here. And this can, this can be either free, or I like to do anywhere between seven to $27. And so what this is, this is a tool that sells people on the paid thing that costs 500 Plus, okay, so you're running the ad to this thing, because you can get way more people to sign up for something that's under 27 bucks, that you will, if you're running an ad to something that's 500 bucks. And even every time I say that this is just for everybody else, it's here. There are people there that they're there, they're disappointed by that, or they're like, well, that's not gonna be the way for me, I'm going to run an ad for this and they lose money. So if you want to lose money with your ads, and sending people to your paid offer, Facebook will gladly take your money. And then you'll be convinced that Facebook ads don't work for you. Which is most people, most people think Facebook ads don't work because they're sending the ads straight to the paid offer. They're not going to work that way. Like for almost everybody who's here, that's a guaranteed way to just put money in the paper shredder. Now, it's also a guaranteed way to put money in the paper shredder to send some money to something, people do something that's free. And then to not sell them something on the back end to I also meet people that do that. They're just kind of trying to build interest and grow their email list. And that's why we broke down what we did during the five days is you want to first step is qualified the right people to this that are most likely to buy the thing and get results. Because Because if I can make sure that people that are more qualified sign up for the free thing. And again, not everybody who signs up for the free thing is going to still be qualified. That's just the numbers on it. But you can get better at more of those over time, your your, your algorithm, your all that's gonna improve, it improves over time by you getting better at how you sell, getting better at how you connect with people having more case studies and testimonies having all of that improves over time as far as that goes. And so different lead magnets that there are somebody actually just shared a question right here, those are a few good ones.

[930:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but collecting emails is really not very smart. If you're in the coaching industry, I wouldn't just put stuff out there to collect emails, ah, um, you got to like actually sell to people as far as that goes. So sure, you could create lead magnets, I don't like those lead magnet ideas that are just lists as far as that goes, unless you have something that is going to actually be used to sell to people, like a course, or an ebook, or a webinar or a multi day event. Because oftentimes, people that grabbed calendars or printables, or devotionals journals, self care ideas, all that they're going to grab that say thank you, and you're never going to hear from them again, most of them. So you need to really be intentional not passive, actually getting people to buy from you. And by the way, that statement that I just made is why most people who listen to me hate me on social media. That's why most people who listen to me do not like what I talk about. Because I'm going to tell you what's going to get sales not just make you feel good. And it's not my job to make you happy. I'm not selling ice cream. I'm making people wealthy. So if you again, if you want to be spinning your wheels doing what half these people that are out there tell you to do shore top 10 List recipes, ideas devotionals that that might be a great idea to grow it to grow emails, but what I've seen most people who just get emails is they lose those emails. If you're not closing a sale with those emails. They usually end up they're not opening your emails. They're not doing that. And so you need something that you're going to lead people to, to actually make the sale to actually sell to people and so there's a lot of Things You can put out there as lead magnets that are not going to sell very well for you that I would not recommend actually promoting at all. So I would recommend promoting those maybe after you have a like a like a, like a webinar or an e book or something like that. So then what you can do is that because this is how if you see people that have printables, and stuff like that, that's only one aspect of it, calendars, devotionals journals self care ideas, is they're always doing it this way. They have the principle right here. Like let's say you got a printable checklist 100% of the time, the people who are making money with it, they're using this to then lead people to a webinar. In ebook, there's usually a next offer that's going to be used to sell to people. More most coaches that I meet are trying to use these passive offers to grow their email list, and hoping it builds interest in people to get to buy their offer when really you still need to sell to people. And by the way, most coaches they think sell is a four letter word. Well, it is a four letter word, but they think that sell is the same. It's like it's a bad word. It's something to avoid. It's, it's a bad word, if you don't want to make any money. And if anybody is on here that doesn't want to make any money in their business. I'm not that person for you. I'm the I'm the guy who shows you how to make a lot of money to the point that I will tell you to not do it the other way. So can you expand on the alpha release ideas some more? Can you sell woodworking or weekend long project courses without being a YouTube content creator? I don't know where I without you being without being a YouTube content creator, my husband is why would you need to be a YouTube content creator. My husband has an experience in woodworking for 10 years. But he wants to expand into online courses. We want to teach and show people the pros of building a two okay, yeah. So if we take this again, did you go 70? Did you go through the five day event that I just did? If not, that's what we broke down was you got to create an offer around that. You got to create some kind of an offer around what people want. And so again, why would somebody want to learn about how to how to build a table or an oak bench or tips from an experience? woodworker you don't need to be a YouTuber though. I think YouTube is a great thing. I have YouTube videos, but they're not what brings in my clients. Um, you gotta we have to start by kind of figuring out what are the pain points that people have around that. So like, for instance, if I pull up chat GPT right here and I just, I just run this through oops, that's the wrong window. If I run if I run this through, like we put this here, okay. Let's say my chat GBT prompts by the way, if you don't have the chat GBT prompt document you get that from my website. Jeremiah krakowski.com, free chat CPT prompts right here. It's a free download. It's a Google doc right here. And you can copy I mean, any note you can even just copy this whole list of stuff I wouldn't I would go step by step through it. But just for the sake of time, we can just copy it all at once. So are you fascinated with the art of woodworking but overwhelmed by where to start? Do you scroll social media so the pain points would be starting a project. They might have time constraints, they feel overwhelmed by the information, lack of professional guidance, how to transform your woodworking dreams into a reality? What are their dreams, that's the thing you got to understand what the dream and desire is. So this is where this is the side note about courses and coaching is the only reason that you're going to get people to buy something from you and actually purchase coaching from you is because you're solving a problem for them that's attached to some kind of a dream goal or vision that they have. So you got to really play on what those dreams goals and visions are effectively. They want to transform into into a passionate skill. Okay, chat, GBT is limited as to how much of this is generating for us but that's okay. We'll be able to kind of have it output this key setback struggling with DIY guys feeling overwhelmed. So really what it is is a lot of people the reason why they would want to work with or buy from your husband or anything like that is because they're overwhelmed by all the DIY stuff that's out there and they want somebody to kind of take them under their wing as an apprentice. They have self doubt. Are you struggling with DIY projects fumbling through countless online tutorials now we're getting into the emotional triggers as to why somebody would want to do this. feeling frustrated with it. You just feel like you're you can't ever get something that's actually working. Totally lost in the world of woodworking. Do you find yourself starting a project with enthusiasm only to to give up? There could be a whole training about you know, do you have countless piles of DIY projects that are undone. I know somebody who made a lot of money doing that and has actually become a multimillionaire very similarly, if you know the name Jennifer allwood. She actually started in this niche with my mom. And now she's a multimillionaire teaching Christian women how to break past their fear and build a business and things like that. She was a client and my mom and I used to build their, their dream business right here. And so she teaches this whole like dream biz blueprint thing, but her initial niche was called the magic brush, it was DIY, painting, and home projects. And she still has Jennifer all at home, Glamour and comfort combined, and all that. So she built her whole brand, actually, around doing that. And that was built around exactly what I'm sharing with you right now speaking to those real issues as to why people aren't getting started and doing things. And so again, if we want to take a look at this, if we say maybe we want to host a webinar. And you get people to register for this webinar and master their craft. They want to Oh, wait, you know, this is this has given us the wrong information here. Based on the above info

[1072:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: masterful woodworking from amateur to artisan, or elevate your woodworking craft, like a pro, now you got somebody, maybe they want to, and you got to understand what are like the real issues as to why that person would not take action and would struggle to do that. And start to really like speak to those in your in your offer and something that you put out there. So that will be separated from say, YouTube or things like that, are you feeling lost and frustrated with so many projects, spending hours on projects only to be met by disappointment, like whatever that is, really. And then what you want to do is you want to actually get feedback, create a feedback loop. So a feedback loop is where you actually have real people 50 to 100 people who want to create those projects, telling you why they're struggling and why they would like want to invest in some kind of training like that. So again, that's how you would figure that out, you would expand upon that and you would put something out there, the alpha release would be something that solves a real tangible problem that an experienced woodworker would be able to solve for them. And that's what you mark it because your goal is you want to get people in front of you that want to learn from an experience woodworker. So like, does that does that make sense? And then Stephanie, do you have any sort of like, follow up questions as part of that as far as as far as how that goes? Or why you would do that? Should you limit the amount of sales? No, I wouldn't limit your your, no, I wouldn't limit the amount of sales you're not going to get

[1101:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: most people are not going to get enough sales to need to limit it. So no, what would the reason behind limiting the amount of sales be? It's actually about the Yeah, no, totally. I get the nervousness. What's the sale and that's where Okay, now if we go like some coaching and this is this is what I dive into with our accelerator because this is really what's going to help people. What's the what's the what's the nervousness for I totally get it nervousness is 100%. And if I talk to 1000 coaches, 90 999 of them probably feel nervous at some point or another. So if we get clear on what the what the nervousness is, and its answer to this question, what are we trying to avoid? What do we don't want to happen? What are we looking to avoid happening? If we put ourselves out there, what are we trying to you know? And a really good book on that as far as the like the nervousness and stuff goes when it comes to coaching. It's called The Big Leap. This is one of my favorite books that I recommend to everybody. The Big Leap, conquer your hidden fear. Take your take your life to the next level. The Big Leap revolves around the proposition that we, you know, we have things that stop us from putting ourselves out there to be able to reach our goals. And it's usually that nervousness is around some kind of a deeper issue. Afraid that teaching people involves tools and people not getting hurt or being Oh, you're nervous about the liability? Well. That's a definite. I never even thought about that. Yeah, you probably would want people to just like by watching this, I would look at so Okay. That's a great, that's a great point. That's a really great point. I hadn't even thought about that. First off, you got to put a disclaimer that you're not liable for anything that they do themselves. If I host a training about woodworking, I'm nervous about. And so this is where again, Chad GBT is not an attorney or anything like that. So again, so don't take this as legal advice. I say that to cover my own. But because you don't say Jeremiah told me this. And it was legal advice. And it's not legal advice. But if we say to Chad UBT act like somebody who's writing disclaimers from a legal standpoint and write me a disclaimer to attach to all my training, right? Like, I put a disclaimer to people like like, you're probably not going to make money for my training. Because most people choose to not even do half the stuff I teach. So yeah, right here acknowledgement of risk, would you literally upfront woodworking involves tools, maybe I would start every training with this statement on video right here where you would state this involves the use of tools and equipment that can be dangerous. Despite taking safety measures during the training, there is an inherent risk by watching this training, you're acknowledging and accepting those risks. Added to if you continue to watch this training, you will not hold us liable for any any pain, damage or harm that you caused to yourself or others. You must, you know, you must follow all safety guidelines, including proper use of safety equipment, each participant takes personal risk. And you might even have them sign this you have a waiver of liability that maybe they sign when they buy the main domain coaching with you. So just a few things to do. If that's the case, financial services they usually add a disclaimer that you're not a CPA financial advisor thinking we need to do something similar. Yeah, probably. Yeah, I think so. I think that would be advisable. Some statement of some kind, you know, and you can chat GBT. Like I said, an attorney is gonna be like, chat. DBT is no substitute for an attorney, and then they'll charge you like, $20,000 to basically write up the same thing that chat GBT is creating, but I'm not saying that they will do that. But you know, there's a lot of there's a lot of, it's a big conversation about chat GBT. Let's just say what is a statement to put at the beginning of all videos that we record that could also save us being very upfront about this, you know, video disclaimer. Welcome. Before we begin, please be aware that woodworking has certain risks. You are agreeing to use dangerous tools at your own risk safety is our top priority. But we urge you to follow safety guidelines by watching this you acknowledge and accept that these are the risks that you are responsible and that me and my business are not liable for your injury. Unfortunate, untimely death or property damage now that we got that out of the way let's get into making the fun woodworking right, you know, you can say that type of thing. So hey, here's the thing, Stephanie. There are people out there that won't launch because they're too afraid of even if they say that people coming after them. There is an inherent risk of me, coaching people, that somebody might get upset with me and say, Hey, you told me that I would make this much money and I didn't. First off, I never promised that you're going to make six and seven figures. To anybody. That'd be stupid. I'm asking for a lawsuit. Because all it takes is somebody to just not do anything and they're there. They're an ambulance chaser. Acer are a lawsuit chaser, or they're working in cahoots with a lawsuit company that's just looking to win a lawsuit like that. Does that make sense? But what I will say is that I'm gonna do my very best to work with you, to guide you to show you what it takes based on my experience and track record. And this has worked for other people. But it's no guarantee that joining my coaching program is going to make you money. I mean, there's literally people they win lawsuits by by saying, if somebody says that they're like, Well, I joined the program, and 100k didn't appear on my bank account. And it's just like, you know, there's a whole legal industry that benefits and trying to trap in and trap people in saying stuff like that. So. But hey, if you want to learn how to make six figures, if you want to learn how to make seven figures, if you want to learn the process of doing that. I'm here to show you that. In fact, I feel so passionately about that, that I believe that I would be sacrificing my calling. And probably couldn't live with myself if I didn't teach people this stuff. That's why I take the risk. There's always a risk there is why having a good lawyer is important, too, as well. All right. Here's the thing, if we get so focused on the fear, and the worry, it'll keep you from literally doing anything in your life. If all we're focused on is the worry on how people can come back to us and hurt us. That's one of the biggest reasons why people never succeed. It's one of the biggest reasons actually why I struggled to even put my business out there in the first place. Because I was worried and fearful of people being upset with me getting angry, being disappointed saying that I didn't do this, this and this. So you so you've got to be upfront with setting the expectation. This is why I think one of the biggest misnomers is that good sales is like, a clever way of communicating that's like smoke and mirrors. Like no, it's not it's actually about being honest, the more honest you are probably the better sales you're gonna get. I actually make more sales by telling people that I can't guarantee that they make money than if I did say I could guarantee it. And it makes sure that I don't go to jail. You get put in jail for that. Literally, like it is it is it is it is it is illegal at the highest level. And yet there are people out there that do promise that and they make a lot of money doing it and eventually they do go to jail. Now here's the thing, side note to that. I'm gonna I'm just gonna blow your mind. There is a guy, have you ever seen the movie The Wolf of Wall Street? There's a guy who went to jail for doing that with stocks. His name is Jordan Belfort. The best book on ethical sales is right here on my bookshelf written by Jordan Belfort. The way of the wolf, straight line selling.

[1255:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because he teaches you how to correctly qualify people build trust with them, and get them to believe what it is that you're selling. And this is a book that I recommend to all of our clients as to how to learn how to sell the right way. And so again, don't do the stuff that can get you in trouble. He has all the disclaimers and stuff in here, like don't use this like I did 20 years ago to defraud people to sell bad stuff. But if you are using this for good, you know, because that's the thing sales is sales, whether you're selling something that's legit or not. So selling people is actually going to pretty much be the same. I think that's another thing that a lot of people miss out on. A lot of people don't know, don't they're so they're judge their judgment towards other salespeople and like con men and things like that makes them be ineffective at sales. I know a lot of people the biggest reason why they can't sell is because of judgment that they have towards other salespeople. And they're like, I don't want to be that way. Of course, don't be that way. I have like, please, don't sell crap. Don't defraud people don't lie to people at all. The judgment though, keeps people from doing what's effective, which is building trust, which is attaching with the emotion, which is using the right sales copy which is an And listen, this is public on all my social media by the way, I'm not, you know, most coaches hide what they just said behind closed doors because they don't want people to think ill of them. I get I get nasty messages sent to me all the time and people do misinterpret what I've just said over the last 10 minutes and I'm okay with that. But I want to see you successful. I want you to make more money than you ever imagined Lance. Rick, Rick Pino, actually, and I, myself actually went through Jordans mastermind. Before this book was written this book was written well, it says it was written in 2017. Interesting. Maybe he wasn't selling it then. It says right here though the book is that it used to be the beginning of the book says that it used to be a $2,000 course that he sold. I know it says it on Amazon. And it was a $2,000 mastermind. So he put the mastermind into the book. And so the book is a full basically sales mastermind in a book. He even has free content on his social media. I've watched like all the videos, if you check out right here on his YouTube, he actually has let me see if I can pull this up here. If you want to get better at sales. I would go I would go to his YouTube right here YouTube. See Jordan Belfort sales school is what he calls it sales school. He's still yet he still has it on here. Sales school. It's a playlist on YouTube with 201 episodes 201 episodes on how to sell really well. I've watched through about 80% of these

[1315:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: questions. So he breaks down like how to sell and what is he? What is he selling on the back end of it? He's selling his coaching he's selling his mastermind he's selling his course see different things like that. That's what he's that's what he's marketing. But he gives away a ton of the probably the best free content right here as well. On sales. Can this be used for ill? Can this be used for fraud? Can this be used to sell crap to people? Absolutely. The methods of sales don't care if you're selling truth or lives. And I think that's the part that people have a hard time grasping. Is what you're selling, and how you sell are separated from each other. Now I don't work with people that sell crappy stuff, right? Powerful when people serve with passionate you're absolutely yeah. It's ethical. In fact, it's a form of serving people to sell well, when you have truth attached to it, if you're selling lies. Oh, gosh, I'll just I'll just say it. I'll say it. I try not to get political. But take a look at the palette, take a look at politics for the last 10 years. On both sides of the aisle, they are selling really well. But then we see the proof is in the pudding and what comes out of it. So that's on both sides. And it sucks and I hate it. I hate politics for that reason. But, man. So if you're serving people with truth and with passion, learning how to sell how to give people what they want, how to attach, what they want to lead them to what they need, and it delivers those results to people as a coach, as a course creator, as a mentor as a trainer and I'm passionate about this. I really am i It's because I got my start 20 years ago with Danny Johnson. Danny Johnson what it was a sales training course. And she told people like you could use this to either sell crap or good stuff. And it's true. This stuff is effective either way. And it's a lot of the stuff that people are uncomfortable to talk about. It's a lot of the stuff that people are uncomfortable with. By the way if you're if you're in ministry, if you run a church because I've talked to my pastors about this stuff, too. And I've talked with church leaders, it's still a form of sales you figure out who are the best people that are gonna show up that are going to attend? How do you deliver to them more of what they want unless this offends people, when I say this, like Mara, you gotta deliver truth to people listen truth. There's a lot of again, I'm not here to debate that as far as that goes, as far as spiritual i That's why I'm not I don't I don't talk religion with people, because I'm like, too many, too many other factors to that. But the arguments start coming in about truth versus grace and all that. If you want to sell more of your coaching your courses, your training, right? You got to give people what they want, you got to lead with what they want. Not what you want them to want. That's another key right there. I made a lot of people, they tell me Listen, this is what they want. But this is what they need. And so I, in my, in my integrity, I could never give them what they want. Because they need this over here. And I'm like, well, that's really dumb. Because you can give them both. And you lead with what they want to lead them to what they need, which is which was what I do is a lot of it is how you're thinking about how you're selling a lot of it is how you're communicating, connecting with people. And this and you got to start from the foundations of this, if you're starting a coaching business, if you're starting a course business, if you're brand new if you're out there. Okay, so listen, I know, I've been ranting and raving about this. And I talk about this a lot. And I'll probably get a few hate messages from what I said today. That's okay. But I want to see you successful. And so if you want to work with me, and have me mentor you. In our program, the accelerator the doors closed next week, Wednesday, December 27. Jump in there, get access to the free gifts just for trying it out. You get to keep these courses the funnel building for Squarespace landing page blueprint, the Facebook ads course. And I will see you in there. And then we're doing another we're hosting another free live q&a session. Next Wednesday. Same place Wednesday, December 27. At 2pm. Eastern 1pm. Central. We're hosting that as well. All right. Listen, last thing I'm gonna say. I'm gonna say it, I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna say it. Let me see. Yep. If you're hearing what I'm saying today, and you're like, you know what, I just don't agree with that. I don't think that that's for me, I don't think that's going to work. For me. I don't think that my business, I think my business is different. It's special. It's special in this way more than maybe some of these clients that Jeremiah has, and maybe if I'm different in this way, and so this doesn't apply to me. My question to you is this, are you? Are you? Are you making how much money you want to make in your business right now? If so, then keep what you're doing, keep doing what you're doing. If not, it might be wise of you. To possibly consider that maybe you don't fully know what works with your niche or your industry. And even if you haven't tested it out yet, even if you haven't tried it out yet, I would encourage you to test it out with the framework of what actually does work and produces results, then what you think, is going to work differently for you. And I don't mean that to sound very arrogant. I mean that as somebody that really cares about your success. So I know it might come across that I'm really arrogantly saying like, you know, my way or the highway. But I wouldn't say that if I didn't have the track record of people coming back saying, you know, listen, Jeremiah, I thought you were a load of crap. What you taught would be different for my niece that my people were different. And then I didn't make any money and then I came back and I tried it the way you said now we're making money and I just I see people so often go take way too long to get there. That I'm I can't be passive about this anymore. I can't worry about hurting your feelings. I can't worry about you sending me hate message anymore. I can't worry about that because there are listen we live in a world today where that we're the economy As against people right now, they are trying to make people either be poor or rich. And I would rather see you become extremely rich and wealthy then stay poor for the rest of your life. So you might not be poor right now but

[1447:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you might be in the middle class right now that's fine, but they're making it to where you can't even buy houses. They're making it to where you can invest. I look at the world that that my son and and my grandkids are gonna grow up in and I don't I don't know what I don't know if if like, you can look at the world today, the same opportunities that were provided to people 30 years ago are not available today. And I think waiting for for the economy to get better is just that's what most people are doing. And I think you need to, you need to gain some skills and increase your income and start making more money and start investing and start seeing your financial situation change instead of waiting. And so if that means I got some people that hate me, I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. Because I know the ones that are meant to hear this will hear it and they will engage. And those are the ones who I'd love to work with in our accelerator. Those are the ones who really want to see their next year be better than the previous year and the year before that. And so I'd love to work with you. Even if it's just for the 30 days that you try it out. Gosh, you're gonna get a lot out of that. Jump in and I can't wait to see the success that happens for you. Talk soon. Have a good one.

