LIVE COPYWRITING REWRITE DAY
Date: 2023-01-12T18:16:59.000Z
Duration: 13 min
Otter ID: XR3igYiZCWNbTdnm7Vi-uVfgves
---

[6:41] Speaker 0: All righty Welcome. Welcome to The Live copywriting rewrite. Morning.

[11:24] Speaker 1: Good morning. How are you?

[13:08] Speaker 0: Good. Amazing. Wonderful. So glad to hear that as your baby boy, great. He's doing awesome. Yeah, I just got done changing his diaper like 10 minutes ago. So Oh, how's your wife doing? She's doing good. She's she's in bed recovering.

[20:50] Speaker 1: Good. How are you doing?

[21:40] Speaker 0: I am doing. Interesting. Yeah. It's an adjustment. It's more mentally I'm like, I'm dealing with a lot of the stuff that I feel like I've worked through in therapy. It's all coming back from a different angle. And so but it's also given me an opportunity for growth. Setting better boundaries is really good. Interestingly enough, I'm I'm finding myself feeling more productive in my business. Now that's because I just know that I don't have time to sit around and overthink and process anything. Right? Right. So that habit that I teach everybody to do that I've done. I still sit in was sitting in overthinking a lot of stuff. Now, I'm just not at all. I'm just, I have the idea. I write it down. I go for it. I don't even spend time to contemplate Is this a good idea or not? I'll say that most of the most of the successful coaching businesses that I that I've worked with all of them, that's how they operate. That's how my mom operate. She has an idea. She puts it on a piece of paper, we launch it, she doesn't sit there for five days and process. Is this a good idea or not? You know, and so it's more just moving and taking action on the ideas. Now, obviously, with the new with the new baby, we have different scheduling stuff that's going on. So like, last night, I recorded two hours of content right after he got fed and then Mom and him lay down. So now I go upstairs, record two hours of content, then I come back in the room and they're about to feed again. And so I'm going with the ebb and flow of the schedule when I have open blocks of time, right? discipline to do those things, which is awesome. So

[51:25] Speaker 0: hey, all right. But this isn't, this isn't baby time. This is copywriting time. So let's do that. All right. So we got a couple of people. Nina, I'll say I don't think I can access your your page.

[56:02] Speaker 1: I can share it with you.

[57:12] Speaker 0: You can share it with me. What do you mean?

[59:36] Speaker 1: Oops, I was talking and I was on mute. I can share it with you. And then you can look at it from that perspective. It's a Wix page.

[62:03] Speaker 0: Yeah. How do you want to share it with me?

[63:05] Speaker 1: From like, I can screen share. Okay, perfect. Let's do that. Okay, perfect. Let me just get it up.

[65:37] Speaker 0: What I try to do is again, so obviously those that copywriting rewrite post. I made that last week, then my wife went into labor. So I haven't gone through and reviewed any of that a lot of the ones that are posted in there. If somebody's not on live here, I'll go back before the end of the week, possibly before the end of today. And I'll review the other sales copy that's posted in that post. All right, can you go to the top here and

[74:00] Speaker 1: I'm trying my computer so slow. I gotta get a new one. Okay, explain to me what this is. So this is for my coaching course. The roadmap to creating your tour created life. I just read the read titled it because of Um, chat. GPI was called My freight your life my five see system? Yeah, it's an invitation. This is the three day online event, the free event and invitation to join me for three days. Yeah.

[84:07] Speaker 0: Okay. Have you have you successfully sold your coaching to people before? Yes, I have. Okay.

[86:41] Speaker 1: Not this way. It's literally calling friends and family and say, Hey, this is what I'm doing. I get interested. And they're like, Yes. Send me the like.

[88:53] Speaker 0: Okay. Gotcha. of the people that so now, is the copy here. Is this because I'm just kind of going in here blind? Is this is how does this relate to what you coach people on? Is this a direct shot to your offer that you're going to be selling?

[94:32] Speaker 1: Yes. How so? Because the offer that I'm going to be selling is the coaching program. So that's what it relates to. So it's really talking to them creating their roadmap to their creative life. Okay, do you have the page for the coaching program? I do have a page for the coaching program Hold on one second. Let's get it up.

[104:48] Speaker 0: The one thing I immediately don't like on this page, is the question feeling stuck unfulfilled? Do you want to make a change? I feel like if they're on the page, yeah, that's a given. And so that almost feels like repetitive? No, it feels like it almost sounds, it almost comes across like you actually don't understand what you're talking about. Okay, and so and so for you to actually show and empathize that you know what they're going through, instead of it being framed as a question. I like to frame that sometimes as an assumption. Okay. And again, this is why I tell people like, we're taught and we're taught so often, like, don't make assumptions about people. Unless you're writing sales copy, you want to make assumptions about people. Because if you're not assuming you're actually you're actually gonna push away the right people. Okay. Um, like, like, you don't want to you don't want to create a safe space to honor everybody's feelings. If they aren't feeling that or not, you want to assume that they have that problem. Okay, because otherwise, it's like, it's just too passive. And it's to it, you want to be more direct as to like, what the actual problem that they're having is, so the desire is to control their life. Great their future. Now, it looks like this copy here is almost the same as what you had on the other page.

[128:18] Speaker 1: Yes, it's very similar. Okay.

[129:26] Speaker 0: So instead of Are You Ready started invest in creating a fulfilling meaning life? Um, okay. That's okay. I think that's fine.

[131:31] Speaker 1: Can you scroll down? Yeah.

[132:55] Speaker 0: And when I say like it, like, it makes you look this way, what I'm saying is the prospect will see you that way. And the right people will be turned off by saying hurt, I'm good. Scroll down. Keep going. Okay. Is there like,

[140:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: is there a very specific, is there a specific outcome, or type of person that you work with? Because again, that's something that I'm getting from, from a lot of this copy is it's, it's really trying to be a lot to everybody and make everybody happy.

[144:31] Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah, I'm looking to work with women who are over 45 in the second stage of their life, okay. Everything to everyone and now are like, What do I do for myself? Okay.

[147:50] Speaker 0: That so that needs to be something to lead with. I think what you just said right there. Okay. Yeah, as far as the, as far as that copy goes as like, Who are you working with? What problem do they have? Now, obviously, all of this fits into what those problems are, but instead, so developing an action plan. Let's get specific as to what all of these are clarifying values and priorities as it relates to what establishing a plan in achieving the vision for what discovering the actions needed to achieve the vision for what Okay, so that's one of the biggest things is like if you're if we're very vague. You'll get you'll get vague leads which or no leads at all. Because it's just it's so it's so general to Okay. So now let's go back to your other page here. Let's get back to my very slow computer sales page. Okay, take control credit bureau. Sorry, it's gone. It went all the way down below okay. Well, let's take control of your life create the future you. Okay? Yeah, yeah. So that's where like we want to, we want to speak to that like has like has life taken, I'm just I'm more just spitting this out loud this isn't copy for you to like write down and use, okay is is, you know has life taken and taken from you that's one and you felt like you're not actually creating the life you want or that you're not in the driver's seat in your life, that something else somebody else is pulling you in a different direction. So like speaking to that side of it and talking to their experience versus like, are you tired of feeling stuck and unfulfilled, that can be so generic because that could mean that could be whether it be the a CEO who isn't leading his team well, or it could be a mom who's struggling to homeschool her kids. So and so the more specific we can get as far as like, you take the described, pain that your prospect has. And you get specific about what they are going through individually. that will that will bring your lead cost down. And it'll attract the right people, the ones that that you want to work with as well as the ones that you that you normally do work with. Now, the flip side of this is that's why you want to as much as possible, especially with your existing coaching clients, get feedback from them as to what they're struggling with, what their problems are, what they want to learn. And you inject those words into your copy hear the exact words that they use. Okay, yeah. Does that make sense? Yes, absolutely. It does. Awesome. Awesome. So that's I that's what I would say is I would say

[199:53] Speaker null: let's

