VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-12-20T22:28:41.000Z
Duration: 79 min
Otter ID: OlexdiCIOaNwThpMnbVG2knfqLQ
---

[0:33] Speaker 0: dive into

[1:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: the VIP session here.

[2:06] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello. When he was on the recording

[4:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: app not active. Oh, that's

[4:48] Speaker 0: funny. I'm on Facebook. Now that's funny. Okay, let's see if this works

[8:56] Speaker 0: stop

[11:20] Speaker 0: Chuck's work

[18:58] Speaker 0: all right.

[19:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome on into the VIP. Thanks for being on today. Thanks for for joining us What's up, Aaron, hopefully some of that was helpful for you being able to be able to take that it's funny though, because I generated an image in it, they give me links that I can use to share those with people, but they will not they I guess they changed it. If it has an image that I generated, they won't let me share it with anybody, unfortunately. So I'll paste it underneath your your your posts are some of that copy just so that we can look at that here so that you can at least have that too. I'm trying to get the stream going in my coaching group here real quick. And as is the case with technology. Literally, as always this case, um, it says that the app is not working right now and that the developers are trying to figure out why that is. So I have to use like a more complicated way to stream it into our group here. So just bear with me a couple of seconds here. Edit, I have to So what I'm doing is I'm going in here and I'm updating this title bonus. A three. Anyways, if y'all want to ask a question, raise your hand. The recording is still going. So raise your hand first if you want to if you want to go and ask a question. Right now. It looks like I just saw Tina's flash. It looks like your mic is working today. Tina. How are you doing? All right, we're gonna do live custom streaming. There we go. Okay, now it should be going into our accelerator group. Awesome. All right. Anybody have any questions?

[53:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right now, Lorraine says Nobody here has to ask you. What do you have a passion for? What would you do for? For for? Way I'm confused. Sorry, Lorraine. What do you mean?

[60:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, okay. Well, anyways, listen, again. I'm here to help you to work with you. We're gonna be able to go over this. I know maybe I kind of blew your mind with what we were doing. Everybody seems a little bit like shell shocked. Right now. A Brit Brett's got her hand raised or his hand? I don't know. Her. Oh, no. Sorry. Yes. Hey, how are you?

[67:33] Speaker 2: Good. How's it going? Good. Good. So I was kind of waiting until later in the week so that I had ample information. To go over this and talk with you. Hang on. Let me put your picture back up here. Um, so I would say I'm starting from scratch, like fourth grade level, break it down. But but there's a lot of back history that goes with that. Yeah. So it's not from scratch, but I'm, I'm trying to figure out how to monetize

[75:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: most of the people I meet No,

[75:46] Speaker 2: I will. I've done client work for almost 10 years. And I can't do it anymore. It's it takes way too much of my energy and my time and I need to transition that into something that's more evergreen, more passive. Yeah. And I know that that It's not easy work. It takes work on the beginning. I teach people how to do it, but for whatever reason, I'm having a hard time doing that myself. Yeah. So I create a lot of digital designs. I do templates I teach people how to use. I've been in Canva for more than five years. I work with a platform called system and I helped build funnels like I do all of these things is

[86:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. We're starting to notice a leaving a lot of our clients are liking that between Squarespace and systemic. It's a little bit more advanced than Squarespace. I like Squarespace because like literally, anybody can learn it. And like super easy. Yeah, real quick. And but if you're a little bit more technical, so STEMI is probably my second favorite right now.

[92:39] Speaker 2: Yeah, so my target audience is either moms or entrepreneurs who are maybe starting over, they're getting back in the game, maybe they don't have been in technology, or they don't know where to start with tech. And usually they can't afford that Squarespace or Sandstorm monthly premium yet, right? They need to start with something that's like a free system, and they need to get their information out there. And so that's how I'm trying to help people. But I get stuck trying to figure out what my lead magnet should be or how I can try to lead them up to that bigger.

[101:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see your comment here about a better platform for Yeah,

[102:47] Speaker 2: because I love I

[103:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: love system. It's great. I just I still find I think Squarespace for some people send me still has a little bit more of a learning curve than where some people are. I know, people off the ground and they're like launching their funnel. Quickly. That's why I love Squarespace. Totally understand. Yeah, absolutely. Go high level is also another one. I've tried that one too. Yeah, we're complicated. But it's amazing to

[110:52] Speaker 2: think what it is. And there are certainly people like people who are working in agencies and doing those kinds of things that need that kind of platform.

[112:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would not recommend Click Funnels anymore, though.

[113:26] Speaker 2: I hate No. No, don't do it. But it again,

[114:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not even you like very usable anymore. No, it's not. Actually, yeah,

[116:22] Speaker 2: they haven't gotten an update in a long time.

[116:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Click Funnels to made the product worse. Oh, great. Yeah, it's terrible. Yeah.

[119:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've used all the different platforms that are out there. That's why I still recommend Squarespace to the beginner. But okay, so the, for packaging what you're doing, because you've worked with people one on one, and you've done that you said that you're kind of burnt out doing

[122:41] Speaker 2: the one on one takes a lot of energy for me. And in order to now listen, if I can get to the point where I'm charging people enough to make it worth it to have one client versus 10 clients, you know, I can still do that. But I really want to, like teach them and empower them how to go from, you know, like nothing, no information, or they feel really overwhelmed to, to the point where maybe they need they need me to either review their website review their funnel to go over things, but I can't do the whole process anymore. It's

[131:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. So you're going from actually like service provider role even and like, like an agency business to doing more than mentor and coach. Yeah, that's, I mean, that's, as you heard my story that's kinda was the trajectory that I went was that and I even had the same situation, I could do it for other people, but I couldn't seem to do it for myself. Yeah. And so I broke this down a little bit and you are with us on day one and day two. So I broke down a lot of kind of what I think has kind of gotten me to that next stage right there. So I would say like for you from hearing my story. What's the aspect that like a I would say if you can even follow in my footsteps and start to even do very similar to like, how I'm doing it on demonstrating to people how I'm showing that Yep. What I find is probably the limiting factor is you don't lack the strategy you have the know how you have the skill you have you proven that you know what to do you probably know more than most of the Guru's that are marketing out there. You know, I mean, yeah. And so like standing before me right now I feel like you can feel confident that you can deliver results to people where are you stuck in actually marketing and selling it yourself?

[153:18] Speaker 2: So I'm, I've spent actually the last three years working with someone on mental health I also have some childhood trauma. I've been putting out a lot of junk. And so I think was you there

[156:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and if you don't mind sharing, if you're okay with sharing if you're not okay, that's fine, but as much as you want to what was like one or two of the biggest sort of like aha moments in your mental health journey that has produce breakthrough for you. Because back to you a little bit.

[161:01] Speaker 2: Yeah. Um, so I've I've dealt with some some physical trauma when I was in my teens Okay. Specifically though, when it comes to the business, I we've kind of discovered that I was told at a very young age that I would not be able to make money from my art from my crap. Oh, I gotcha. Yeah. And it it took a hot minute to get to that point of. Yeah, yeah. Um, and so and I actually went to school, I have a college degree that let's be clear, has done nothing for me.

[169:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, you made you made you made somebody's payroll at the college is basically like this. Yeah. I really like the way everybody complains about like, gurus that are selling stuff. That doesn't help anybody. Colleges are just are worse. Yeah, they're charging way more. Yep. And you can get approved easier for a loan with a college. Yes. That's my

[176:29] Speaker 2: we're on the same page. Looking back, if I could just I could go back and tell myself one thing when it

[178:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: comes to that side of it, right. And I know, like, that's not the case for everybody. But I think for a lot of you especially like, if it's for certain degrees, like, Yeah, and so a Yeah, I mean, it makes colleges money. At the same side to what I've noticed is I had a lot of Judgment, when it came to other people and stuff like that. And that stopped me from being able to sell my own business. Because I was very critical of the industry. I was very critical of other people and things that made me feel uncomfortable. I didn't want to be like,

[187:34] Speaker 0: and

[188:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: a, I haven't become the things that I that I despised. I love that. My integrity won't allow me to become the very thing that tried to hurt me and stop me. I won't do that. But I had to realize that my even trauma and fear of becoming a sort of like, like, for instance, the coaching and course industry on social media, hotbed for narcissists and psychopaths, right? Yeah. And so I'm like, I do not want to be that way. I don't mind being around that too much. But I swung so far that I became afraid to even talk about what I've done. That's great to even share. claim that I was good at what I do. Yep. Because I didn't want to appear like these other people over here, right? Yeah. Was that is that resonating a little bit. And so that was a that was a huge thing was it was like, Okay, I had to realize First off, me telling people what I can do for them what I can accomplish. My mom helped me get this she I said, I said Yeah, but like, I have these big dreams that are huge. And they're out there and they're crazy. I'm like, Yep, I feel like that's like delusional thoughts of grandeur. She's like the problem. The difference is with you, Jeremiah, it's not delusional, you've actually done it. So you don't have a delusion that you're actually at that level. You are at that level. Like, okay, that's cool. Like realizing that that a It's not this one thing over here. And I gosh, I studied for like three years like how narcissists abuse people. Why? Because my stepdad was one. And I learned, I mean, I'm noticing even traits as a father unlearning how I was fathered by him, you know, that has been a struggle for me because then I like I cry myself at night because I noticed I'm doing something my dad did. Because it's the it's the pattern that I learned or something and then it's like, okay, you know, my son doesn't deserve this. Now I have a conversation with my therapist. I'm like, Okay, I'm I'm this way we work through it. Now the behavior changes. So like my motivator right now to a not be that way. The way my dad was, is lit is literally because of the just the pain that it caused our family. And my son doesn't need to grow up with a dad like the one that I had. So okay, side note to that we don't need to get make this therapy session. Ah. My dad's still not fully like it's pretty deep.

[230:55] Speaker 2: Yeah. Because my break those cycles. Yeah,

[231:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally Am I my mom to my mom really was the one that raised me. She raised me as a single mom. She got married when I was like six years old, and my dad was never in the house at all. And so like when he was he was he was a jerk. They never talked to anybody never showed me love. Nobody could ever do any good enough anything good enough by him. And so like, I don't want to be that way. I even find like when I show up in business, sometimes I struggle to give a compliment to people because compliments were used to manipulate me, things like that. You know, so there's these things that I not like completely not just judged, but said, I do not want to be like that. And then I go out there in business and I learned, hey, to build rapport, you need to compliment. You need to, like talk about what did I hear somebody say one of the best things that you can do for marketing, talk about the legends and stories that you want to be told about yourself. I'm like, Oh, my God, that makes me want nauseated. I want to talk about myself and make myself sound like I'm bigger than I really am. Yeah. And I realized, well, first off, I don't need to talk about anything that's bigger than I really am. But I definitely I was underplaying my skill set to a lot of people. Like I would tell people Oh, yeah, like I have accomplished this because I didn't want them to judge me as like, whatever. Being that way. So it's like, I, I operated in what was called the fear of the fear of outshining others, and there's a book I talked about it, that helped me and it was one of the first the first two steps to break through this in my business. was reading this book, and this was two years ago, I read this book, and I thought it was the stupidest book, when I first read it. And then I read it like 30 more times. I listened to the audiobook, I guess I didn't read it. I listened to the audiobook, the big, like Gay Hendricks

[262:07] Speaker 2: yep, I have it in my library, the four the

[263:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: four areas that we have fear and worried that affect us, okay. And so like, for instance, what are the four fears from, I'm just gonna paste that right in here. This is how I use chat J pretty quickly, as I use this. So it's called the upper limit problem. It's our barrier, we can't seem to go past the fear of being fundamentally flawed. So for instance, for you can't make money from your art that actually I think ties into the fear of your dreams are flawed. Your passion is flawed, right? So realizing that that is not flawed, but it might just present itself in a different way. The fear of being disloyal and abandonment. The fear that more success brings a bigger burden. You may also have that one too, a little bit, right? Yep. And then the ones that I dealt with were the opposite. The fear about shining, you know, being more modest, feeling guilty about sharing all the things that I've done so that others don't feel made small. And then the fear of disloyalty. A is one of my biggest things, I didn't want to be disloyal to my mom. And when I started my business, technically, we were competitors. Because she had a coaching program, I had a coaching program, they basically, were teaching similar things. Now my mom has retired doesn't coach on business stuff. And she has told everybody that my coaching is essentially the continuation, the next generation of what she started in business for coaching people, which is really cool. So that's given me a level of confidence right there. I didn't want to be disloyal to the people who have gotten me to where I am today. And I had to realize a moving on from certain relationships is not disloyalty because I'm disloyal, and abandoning myself to stay small. I'm abandoning my calling and who I am. And I'm not taking care of myself and even loving myself. Oh, and that was another thing, the whole idea of like self love. I was like, oh, narcissists love themselves, actually, a narcissist hates themselves, and needs other people to tell them that they love them so that they feel special. Yeah. And I realized that it's actually not rooted in self love. It's rooted in a very massive level of insecurity that they need other they need to control other people. So it's like all of this became me struggling to promote my business, even though I could do it for others I couldn't for myself. And I had to work through realizing, okay, I had these like beliefs that were stopping me from showing up as the best version of myself to help others. And I got clients in my accelerator program, they teach like, how to move past narcissistic abuse, some of them teach therapy, some of them are therapists that literally teach people this. And I find that they struggle with this because they don't want to be the very thing that even abused their clients. You know, that was the other thing I found I had, I knew I had a lot of my clients that I was attracting. They were on the other side, my a lot of the people that I was attracting, they had been abused even. And so I didn't want to be like the person that had hurt the clients I was attracting. So as all this put together, and it was, I realized I had made up in my head this fear that I was projecting of this version of me that I wasn't and wasn't even that I didn't want to be. And I wasn't showing up as the person that I am today to be effective in business. And as soon as I kind of unwired, some of those things, like I stopped one of the biggest ones that I just stopped being afraid of people getting mad at me was a big one. Like being okay with disappointing people was one of the biggest, biggest steps for me being okay with the fact that I'll put a coaching out there and 99% of the people are like, this is the most amazing thing. But one person, because it happens, will write me 10 paragraphs as to why I shouldn't be in business and how I'm the worst person they've ever seen. Yeah, and it's happened. I've gotten those letters I'm, who knows, I might literally get one of those letters tonight. You know, from somebody. So like, understanding that I'm in is, is really a key important area when it comes to putting your business out there. Now the other flip side is, some of y'all might be here and you're like, This isn't relevant to me at all. I'm not dealing with this, I was dealing with people pleasing, managing other people's emotions, managing what everybody felt like, trying to not upset anybody wanting to make everybody happy with me. And really, I mean, I was just not acting like the man that I was made to be. And I don't think this is gender specific, either. I think all people can walk in confidence, and in themselves in what they're called to. And then it's really about being honest, like, you know, hey, like I am this way, take it or leave it, you know, I'm not going to be anybody different than I'm not showing up confidently. That's why I talk about my faith, even though I have people that tell me, you know, well, I would have listened to you if you didn't talk about your faith. Okay, great. That's fine. You know, I would have listened to you if you didn't talk about video games. Okay, great. Awesome. Yeah. That took me like probably the last two years to get there. And that was hard. And it was the hardest work I've ever done. Yeah. And it was because I actually got some breakthrough yesterday, while I was talking to somebody in here that goes Mark I was talking to, I process it like later last night. That part of it stemmed from the fact that I was told my whole life that I didn't deserve to be born and that I should have been aborted. That I should never have been because my mom had me out of wedlock. I'm like, What is well, that's what it was like she got pregnant before she was married, the word was having it out of wedlock. We don't even call it that anymore. We call it pretty much just like, you know, your baby mama baby daddy type situation. But that's how I that's how I was born. Like, and I literally had, like people in my life telling me like, you know, that I didn't deserve to be alive because of that, that I should have just been aborted. So that got into my head as a child being told that like, that's a really weird thing to tell a child. Yep. And it got into my head that I should have been an abortion. So like, like the like. And I actually, I actually found out that my mom was very close to getting one. So some of the some of that, like I've had to process through is why it wasn't showing up. Because I'm like, Well, gosh, if I don't even deserve to be here, how do I show up to people powerfully? Yeah, I had to work through that and realize I'm almost 36 years old. And I don't need to operate in the religious structure that I was born into. And I can literally just create my life however I want. Now, I can literally just choose to be differently now. Just choose, I chose to go through therapy. I chose to relearn those triggers, I understand it's way more than just choosing but we make a choice to go through the process to set like, for instance, some people they get really overwhelmed by technology, by Facebook ads, by the landing pages, buy the sales, copy what I went through today, I went through it really fast. I went through it fast because of the time that we had as why like I probably could have taken six hours to teach what I taught today. And it still would have probably been too fast for some people. That's why in my in my accelerator, I literally have an eight hour course where I break down chat GPT that's it. I go step by step through everything much slower. As far as as far as that goes. Right. So I gave you like an overview of that. And that's why the replay is nice. You can pause it and stop it. But

[390:49] Speaker 2: oh, gosh, what was I getting? The tech side of things is okay, for me. I don't have an issue with that. Yeah, you know, I built my first Dell computer in the early 2000s. So that's an issue. I think, I feel like the market that I'm in is so saturated, even though the you know, that's what

[395:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: they say. Right? But I just you know, you can and you can figure that out too. And you'll show up more uniquely. I think I think niching down like you said to a very specific type of person that wants to use these platforms will get specific Hmm. So it's like, yeah, your market is oversaturated. But there's not a lot of people serving the very specific group of people that you're talking about. Okay. You know, for instance, there's not a lot of coaches out there that serve the people that don't feel confident to coach but have great information. So I've even carved that niche out just a little bit myself, I have a lot of people also that are really confident. Like, for instance, I believe the number one factor of what allows you to actually apply the stuff we've taught today is your level of self belief and self esteem. Because I've been able to plug it in, like my client, Joshua Giles, Rick Pitino, my mom didn't deal with those confidence issues when we plugged in the system. So it was like instant success. So what I've seen is you plug it into somebody who's really confident and the success comes a lot quicker. For those that don't feel confident, they really, really need to start to feel and believe in themselves and believing what they put out there. Even if other people don't believe in them and becoming your best cheerleader. You know, not becoming super self critical. That's one of the biggest things, one of my biggest strategies I talk about, with my clients. And most of the people I meet don't agree with this one, but I'm still gonna keep saying it is as our superpower as coaches is to be critical of what other people need to do differently. We can see what people need to do differently, I can literally see what you need to change in your life to get your goals. That superpower becomes our greatest kryptonite when we allow it to cripple us with self criticism. Because we end up looking at all the things that we think we could do better, and then we think, Okay, well, I can't put myself out there till I do better. Yeah. But in fact, it's like, sometimes i That's why I say it, making a little bit of a mess is actually a good thing. Okay, so yeah. All right. Okay. All right. Thanks

[431:00] Speaker 2: so much.

[431:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Ah, I see a couple of questions that came in here in the chat a little bit. Some people didn't have their hand raised. Sarah, oh, Sarah, you just joined your hand wasn't raised. Let's see Tina, for the Facebook tomorrow. Touch the industries that are restricted in placing ads like real estate and financial services. Awesome. Yeah. I'll talk about that. Let me let me actually write that down. Restricted niches because we actually have we ever were, we have had success in those niches that have restriction. You just have to go about it sort of a sideways type of a way. We'll talk about that tomorrow. It's a little bit of a deeper conversation. If you want to come up we can we can talk about about it a little bit. Aaron says old outdated religion advice outdated prefer to work with folks that are a certain level. Yeah, totally. Facebook ads that won't get dinged for promises or results. You state right. So, um, yeah, it's kind of about rewording the promises, we'll talk about that too. How to not get your ads rejected. By the way, if your ads get rejected, it's not the end of the world, I try to get my ads rejected. And then I work backwards from there. As well, as was more my goal, because my all my ads, they don't get rejected anymore at all. When I launched my business, they all got rejected. So I literally just changed like two words, and they stopped getting rejected. So that was, that was kind of a part of it. As I try, I try to be more of the type and I didn't, and I was not this way, my whole life, where I will push the envelope and then kind of back off later and ask for forgiveness. Growing up, I was very timid and wouldn't do that. So in business, I tend to be more where I go to one end, one extreme or the other, and then I kind of bring it back and hone it in touch on organic strategies. You know, I don't do a lot with organic as far as tracking clients goes. Um, Mark, did you have a question here for today? I know you have to jump off at the hour, or you got to jump off right now. I'll see you tomorrow. Awesome. But yeah, so I use organic. Once somebody is in my email list, I pull people in through the ads, and then I start feeding them more organic content. And so my organic really is only geared towards it's more of just a pure nurture play. For me. It's how I look at organic. There are other people that excel at like pulling in people organically like one guy. What's it what's Chalene Johnson's son's name on Instagram, you know what I'm talking about. He's really good at that. i That's why I've been more focusing on the on the offer side of things as far as that goes. can touch a little bit about organic though tomorrow? Because I do not. I do know how to use it to help nurture that. All right, Ben, let's see Benjamin Benson. How are you? Today? Sir? I'm

[483:37] Speaker 3: doing well. I'm doing well. This is very, very helpful. So I'm looking at this from the standpoint of, as I've said before, I had previously done a, you know, an event and I have the transcript. My question in some of this is things like, how do I know if I'm too if I'm still too broad in what I'm doing? And how do I really dial it in more? I feel like in some cases, for example, even my content is very, very broad. But you'd said something about really, it's the you dial in the advertising, even if you have a lot you give them when they come in, you

[494:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: pick like one aspect of your system. And I like to look at like, what's the aspect that a lot of people ask for in the beginning? So the number one thing that I get asked for people, there's two of them? How do I do Facebook ads? And how do I start a coaching endorse business? So I lead with those two. And then I use that to piggyback to what they really need, which is an offer. Because to make your Facebook Ads work, this is why I actually stopped running Facebook ads for people. I had a business where I was doing that because their offers sucked. So I couldn't make their ads work. And they were and they and I didn't at the time. I didn't know how to sell that as like, hey, we need to change your offer. And they're like, No, our offer is good. You just need to fix the ads. And I'm like, no, like, literally, it's not going to work. And they like got mad. They're like, I want my money back my alarm. You know, I'm like, Okay. So then what I did was I only ran Facebook ads for people if I could literally overhaul their whole business. So I would not run ads for somebody unless I was rebuilding all of their offers completely. Because they actually needed to do the offer. So as part of me, I was like, they're like, Hey, can I hire you to run ads? And I'm like, Sure, it's gonna be 10 grand. They're like, what? Like, yeah, because I'm a consultant that's gonna come in here and literally turn your whole business around. And I have some people pay that. We had an incredible experience with a college, you might know the name Christian Christ for the nation's Institute. I consulted them, they made me the unofficial media director for two years. And they invested in I ran their whole team, and the whole place is marketing. I'm not a huge fan of them. Now, I would never work with them again, this was like what I did the beat. I wouldn't work with them again. But just part of the experience I had there. The people who run it are great. The people who are underneath them are not that I wasn't very big. It's just they have some issues with how they structure the stock politically. That's all. Anybody who's ever been there will tell you the same thing. It's not it's not a secret.

[531:34] Speaker 3: See, f&i has a very specific way of doing things. Yes. Yes. No, I went to someplace in Fort Worth. But yeah, so I basically. So basically, the idea is, if I if I can focus on one specific area in what I'm doing, and that is where I, I build my sales copy on that. And my offer is that and then I give people all the rest of it when they come in. And whatever my offer structure is, that works better.

[540:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what we want to look at as again, we let's pull back the picture as to who you're helping, right, because the offer is always based on who you're helping and what they want to do and accomplish. Okay, and then you look at okay, well, what's step number one? And this This goes back to something that we talked about, on the first day was the timeline. So like, this could be somebody who is just starting, and I'm used the music example like they just took music lessons. They just got their first guitar. They just wrote their first song. Well, we did with Rick pinos, we ignored this whole group of people right here and only focus on the ones who had already written songs and wanted to get their music heard. Because this group, okay, wasn't buying, they weren't attending. They weren't showing up. And all the questions that we kept getting from people that were actually purchasing where, hey, I'm writing songs, but I want to go further. I want to I want to like I want to go top level I want to go top of the mountain and music. And that's who at Rick kept attracting. And I asked him like, two years before he did the offer, like, what's the number one question everybody asks, How do I become a famous worship leader? He's like, I can't stand when people asked me that, you know? Like, I'm like, it's the worst thing they could possibly want to do. And yet, what I told them, I was like, Well, what have you used that book? Because they're asking it. And then you build a system where you actually help them understand what you know, being in the worship leader for 25 years. And that's, and that's exactly what we did was we started the hook with become a famous worship leader. Well, to do that, you're gonna have to get a lot of people listening to your songs, how do you do that? Okay, and then it broke down to hey, how do you make a song that's gonna get listened to Hey, realize it's more than just the good sound and in worship for him, it also had to do with their prayer life, and about 90% of Rick's content was all about prayer. So he actually had a prayer quarry that he had a prayer course is what it was. But as hook was become a famous worship leader, because that's

[579:16] Speaker 3: okay, I liked that, actually. And that, yeah, well,

[580:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, he delivered that he had people that want awards through his training, but he brought them to the ultimate revelation that would get them there.

[583:23] Speaker 3: Okay, so the hook was, this is what they're looking for, but he brought them to where they actually needed to be

[584:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: right now lead with what they want and desire. And I say this, even if you think it's not good for them. I think that's, that's a big one, too. It's like, and people take this to the extreme. They're like, you know, again, your own integrity decides how far you want to take that, like, I'm not encouraging because here's the thing. This is another conversation. And we've all heard about those cults that like they use, like sex to get people to, like, you know, become a Christian or something like, like, that's weird, right? Yeah, that's not what we're talking about. I'm not talking about taking this to the extreme of like morality, and as far as that goes, but what I'm talking about is like, what do they really, really desire. And actually, one step removed from one of those weird like cults, you could have a process where you teach people how to meet the love of their life or something like that, or how to increase their income and then use that to I, by the way, I know somebody that did that. Danny Johnson was one that did that when I worked with Danny Johnson. Her book was make more money. Behind the scenes, her entire reason she did it was evangelism.

[604:37] Speaker 3: That was it. Interesting. I actually liked that. I liked that.

[606:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: And some people like that some people think it's a little weird. Personally, I'm on the fence with it. I don't do it. Like because I'm not I'm not trying to make everybody who's here. To have my faith, I have your faith, I'm going to help you make a ton of money. So I'm less I really I do I lead with the money and we go all the way there to the end of that. But a lot of what I talk about has to do with their thinking, understanding using technology. But if I ran my offer with him and help you think right and use technology, nobody would sign up. So I lead with started coaching business make more money, but then what I'm teaching is the thinking how to use the tech. How to communicate better, that's a big one, by the way. Okay, listen, that's a big part of what I talk about is how do you get better with the words that you say? The words that you say can determine whether you do a presentation and you close 10 sales or zero and that was coming from somebody me homeschooled was told my whole life that I would not have good people skills. I was told my whole life that I couldn't, that I was really bad at connecting with people. And by the way, I probably was. But I went to work and learn how to solve that. Because I felt really attached to my calling. And I knew that for me to be successful with what I feel called to do, which I really feel a calling to help coaches mentors. Whether you believe in anybody's here believes in callings or not. I believe that like, for some reason, I'm here today to help people like Benjamin and Janelle and Ludhiana and Tina and Curtis and Lance and Judy become very successful and also very financially successful with their coaching. And that's a big part of why I do what I do is that but I lead with the thing that what people want which is How do I start a business? How do I write the copy? How do I make the offer? How do I, that's one piece of it. But then when we really break it down step by step, it's a much bigger picture.

[643:07] Speaker 3: All right, very helpful. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so I have a better a better idea of some direction to go in there, that's good. My, my

[644:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: mom has another great one, her whole program is all about make money in the stock market.

[646:31] Speaker 3: My wife actually was on some of her stuff. But

[647:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you're in there, it's really it's all about your mindset about money. It's about 90% of the content she's talking about. But 10% of is the trading and, and by the way, we've had, I think, one of the, one of the students that's in there, she'd made like 200 grand in her portfolio. She started with I think, like 10 grand, so that helps to get to 10 grand, you can really get to 200 much quicker. So that's like the first goal get to 1000, then get to 5000, then you get to 10. And then a lot of times people get to 100 really fast when they're trading with like 10, then it's 20, then it's four. But like, that's the testimonies that have come out of this, but a lot of what my mom actually coaches on is the mindset is the mental health is the fact that like, I hear my mom say it every single day, you let you have to become okay with your stock losing you money, if you ever want to make money. You know. And by doing that, you know, yeah, it changes everything. Like you have to become okay with being rejected by people. If you want to actually build a community of people that are a good fit for your coaching. That's a huge part of it,

[666:50] Speaker 0: too. All right, thank you. Yeah, definitely.

[668:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, that I mean, that was a that was a great dialogue. Great content right here. So awesome. Hey, is there is there anybody else who's got a question? I know we we started late. We've only been here for like 42 minutes. We're really we're really connected with everybody. Well, which is awesome. So I'm excited to see who who jumps on our waiting list to for the accelerator. Ursula, what's up, Ursula? How are you? And then Judy, Judy? Hi, Jeremiah. How are you? Good.

[677:56] Speaker 4: It's great call. I hopped on late. Sorry about that. I had things to do family stuff. So I'm just listening to their speak about, you know, kind of selling what they want and giving them what they need. And this is one of my lifelong that my lifelong way. 10 year long problems issues, is that the work that I do I do NLP, I do hypnosis, a lot of trauma, deep trauma work. But yeah, I love business. And I help people I help people make more money, because I find that when they get their mindset aligned, yes, yeah, the money starts to come in. So where I get stuck in this is messaging. And, you know, I do a lot of I was I've been doing a lot of private work, I would prefer to obviously work one to many. And what's what's kind of has helped, you know, has held me back from doing that, I think, is really my messaging. And I just, amongst other things that you discussed here earlier, as well. But, you know, I have a challenge coming up. And somebody was suggesting that, you know, because I could do hypnosis all day long. And I know like, because I use a thing called neuro hypnotic re patterning, it goes very, very deep. And it does change the cortical pathways, you know, over over a period of time. So, but I don't want to just push out, or, Hey, I'm going to do hypnosis, because what I really do is help people make money in their business, but only when, like, a lot of people are getting stuck. There's people who, you know, they can't look at their they can't look at their books, you know, they can't

[707:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: they have family that earlier this year.

[708:06] Speaker 4: Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, you know, it's so like, and I think, you know, I think we all have these, you know, things that these places where we get stuck I, for instance, as you were saying about how people like when they come to, you know, sell themselves as such, it's very different. I mean, I've run like a multiple seven figure Skin Clinic, like really got like was, had celebrities coming everything, you know, and but when I went into coaching, I know, I love coaching and I you know, I love what I do, because I want to help this is I think like you're talking about calling this is where I kind of I'm very passionate about women having money because I know how it changes communities. So you know, maybe your time Okay, so. So it's my messaging really that I get stuck on sorry, I'm sorry, if I'm going around in circles, it's my messaging that I get stuck in. And is it? You know, I don't want to lead with saying, Okay, we'll do a three day challenge. And I'm going to be doing hypnosis in there. I can do that. But I really think that nobody is going to kind of say, okay, i Nobody wakes up and saying, I need hypnosis for my business.

[726:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, yeah, exactly. Nobody wakes up and says, I need to see a therapist to make more money either.

[728:14] Speaker 4: Yeah, absolutely. So I'm just kind of looking for a hand here with my, you know, with with my messaging, if that's, you know, if that's what you're doing.

[730:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Crazy, is I'm so proud of my mom, I just gotta like, brag on this one part about it. My mom built businesses for 29 years and did not save any money that she made. She ended every year at zero, and enough to pay the taxes. And that was nothing saved. Nothing basically to show for other than maybe her social media content and all of that, for 29 years in business. She went and saw a therapist, and now she's grown her net worth to over 5 million in a year. Yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, so like, and then she's like, it's gonna be double, triple, quadruple that soon, she looks back, my mom was like, If I had known what I know, today, when I got started, I probably would be worth on the low end a quarter billion dollars, because of how much money she's made, and that has gone through. And then she, my mom, also at a religious belief that she had to give away all of her profits. So anything on top, she gave, like, a way to people, she didn't invest it, she gave it to other people, ministries and stuff. Wow. So again, looking at that, you know, it's a blessing to have my mom and it's like, I look at therapy literally has changed how she treats money. Same is kind of what you're doing as far as that goes. And so I would look at leading with especially if you find that that's the area that people are getting the results with, working with you has to do with money as you you definitely need to lead with the fact that you have a system that can help them think about money differently so that within one or two sessions, they're finally starting to unlock the blocks that have been stopping them for 20 plus years. Yeah. So that's like, the language that I would lead with is what I just said, right there.

[759:27] Speaker 4: Perfect. Thank you. Yeah, because it's true because they can be stuck. And, you know, and I kind of people, there are certain certain bottlenecks, people get stuck in, you know, and I've been there myself, you know, in a different business. And, like, 250 300,000, but like, I think a lot of people get stuck at the 750 mark. And they

[764:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: really do. Yeah, they get stuck right out. They get stuck at that. I see. 200,000 And then at about 750 800.

[767:02] Speaker 4: Yeah. And, you know, that's where they like, really, I think, kind of like, just for instance, one one client that I worked with, and I'm you know, I don't really talk about, you know, some of the stuff I probably should talk about a bit more. And there was one girl,

[771:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: talk about it, change the gender change a little bit of the details while you're telling the story to protect people if you need to. Absolutely. Example, you can do that for sure. Yeah,

[773:47] Speaker 4: yeah, but this girl like she was stuck at like one girl in particular. She's actually a friend of mine. She was stuck at 600,000 for ages and ages and ages and ages. And within four months, within four months, she had 14 like 1.5 million cash received. That's it after like working with me from August until the

[779:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: end people get stuck at people get stuck out like right around 10 to 20 million to write. Yeah, yeah. And then I I've not worked with anybody personally, that's made more than 20 million a year myself like in the coaching industry. So again, I couldn't say I know what it takes to get past that but I've talked to some people and they say really it's just another layer of like your blocks and removing those and making hard decisions that are probably going to feel like the worst thing you've ever done

[789:15] Speaker 4: you know, if what they say is new levels, new devils, you know, so yeah,

[790:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find that's the thing too I meet a lot of people they get started they're like I don't want to do the things you're I have people write me like I don't want to do what you're teaching Jeremiah because it would ruin my peace. And I'm like well, that's the thing is is like actually the take action to your next level. It's not going to feel peaceful right away in the beginning. So if you're waiting for it all to be like a peaceful waters as you're growing and especially in your income, to like five to 10x where you're at like that's going to shake up some things in your world.

[799:24] Speaker 4: I suppose people have to be ready for that and I I think they do. Yes, yes. Then there's the believability. Because, um, I, you know, like, with my targeting and that, you know, if I like, if I start with, you know, and saying, Okay, turn your annual income into your monthly income. You know, like, does

[805:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that sounds a little bit cheesy? Yeah, exactly. I would get more specific as to like, some of those stories like, you know, how do we help a client go from, for, you know, 400,000 600,000 a month to 1.6 billion in a month? This is just one of the case studies of people that we worked with in just four months. Yeah, you know, and you can anonymize it as like a case study that way to protect, you know, say, and you literally just say, hey, to protect their identity, because they will they prefer that I would, I'm not going to tell you who they are. But this is who we worked with. Now, here's the thing, some people will doubt they're like, ma'am, I'm Ryan, you never did that. Yeah, you don't have to worry about them. Yeah, I have people all the time that told me they're like you never did that was so and so you've never done that for yourself? Yeah. You know, I'm like, Okay.

[818:01] Speaker 4: Without having to have a duty, you know, without having done it for yourself, because like, you know, if you've done and that is a fact. Well,

[819:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: what we've done, so that's another thing, I had a client, she was like, I know, I have a system that can help people make six figures as a course creator, but I've never made six figures as a course creator. And I said, well, but you know, how to put courses together that can make six figures. Absolutely. I said, So own that own the thing that you're really good at? Yeah. You know, you don't have to, quote unquote, lead with like, the thing that like, you can even be honest. While I haven't made six figures for myself, some of the people that I've worked with have, you know, like, that's one of the that's actually something I used to lead with people. Would I lose potential clients? Because of that? Sure. Yeah, I had to become okay with that. I had to become okay with actually losing people because I was honest. Yeah.

[832:49] Speaker 4: That's, that's yeah, that's good. So So you're saying that I, I lead with the, you know, this is what happens like the story about, you know, when people get stuck, this is, what I find is what holds them back? Is that what you're saying? No.

[837:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, that can be that's like one piece of it. What we would Did you did you watch through the pet all three days of the last few sessions.

[840:23] Speaker 4: And I missed today's one, because I had to I had two

[841:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: days is is all about that right there. That you just, yeah,

[842:40] Speaker 4: that's perfect. No, I was just getting, I was kind of very, very stuck. And this has been going on now for a few weeks. And I've been going around in circles. And I'm kind of one person saying, okay, like, go and do all hypnosis. And I'm like, there is just no way that I am actually going to what

[846:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: you what you do, and then what you lead with in your marketing. Yeah, are usually going to be a little bit different. Yeah. And then, but then what you do is you communicate the bridge, and you bridge that gap with people and their understanding. Right? Like I have people that I'll meet, they're like, I don't want anything to do with all the things Jeremias teaching, I just want, what he's, like Ledwith stuff. Some people, they literally just want me to teach them like step by step how to, like, set up their camera on their phone to record a course. And so like, I by default, by doing what I'm called to do have disappointed their expectation. And I'd become okay with that, even in my free offers as far as that goes, which is why the free offer leads with a certain hook. And then we use it to attract and repel people that are actually a good fit for the thing that we help with, which is offer creation, sales, copy ads, and all of that. Okay, yeah. So like when people get to this level, it's very clear as to like how we can help them in the beginning on like a free webinar. They might not be so clear as to like how we can help them and maybe half of them will be like, Oh, this isn't really what I was looking for.

[866:02] Speaker 0: And that's okay.

[866:23] Speaker 4: Yeah. You have to be okay with this. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you this, I was getting really stuck with that, because so it is okay for me to lead. And you can't really if you're doing Facebook ads, you can kind of say, you can't really talk about money, you know,

[869:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and to a degree now they've changed that a little bit.

[870:37] Speaker 4: Really are the last two years. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's good.

[871:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Talk about like what you've done or clients, but you can't promise a money results.

[873:10] Speaker 4: Perfect. Yeah. Personas. Yeah, I can lead with I can lead with make more money.

[875:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, here's how I do it. I can run an ad that says, I'm gonna show you how to create an offer that's going to get more clients and this is going to help you build a six figure coaching business. I can say that all day long. I can't say I'm going to show you how to make six figures online. I can't Yeah, yeah.

[879:43] Speaker 4: Yeah, and I think this is This is where I'm kind of going round in circles. So with the mindset thing, is there any point in talking about mindset? Oh,

[881:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, since that's your main kind of thing you want them knowing like, this is about that's why the hook that I gave you about five minutes ago was that you're going to show them how to change their thinking in just a few sessions to impact their income. Yes, yeah. So then they know at least it has something to do with that. But

[887:25] Speaker 4: yeah, yeah, that's good. Yeah. So with within a few sessions. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. All right. Awesome. Listen, thank you so much. Thanks. Thanks, Jeremy.

[890:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Judy, you said you gotta run?

[891:21] Speaker 0: You got five minutes. Okay.

[892:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: You got three or four courses buried in length eight modules? Would you take this process and do it with one of those? Well, here's the thing, because you already have those. What are they? What are they on? Like, what's the basic premise of the four courses,

[895:56] Speaker 5: there's a priestess course, which helps women get in touch with their connection to the divine and live that connection. Longer course, much more personal, personally development based, I have a course that I train people how to read oracle cards having to do with nature and the elements. And then I have a course in energy healing, where I train you to be an energy healer, and you can do with people. So

[904:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: then yeah, you will probably take like one of those ideas. And that becomes one of the main hooks that you lead with. And then what's really cool is because you have all four, you invite them in, and you're like, hey, I don't just teach this one thing, I teach these five things, you know, and then it becomes more value that like, Whoa, I can buy this thing for this thing. But I also get all these bonus classes.

[910:13] Speaker 5: So just take one though, as like the main one that you focus on until you make a certain threshold of money that's

[911:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: based on that's based on how people are responding. Okay, so if I put an offer out there, online, and I'm like, I'm going to teach you how to grow your coaching business with AI. Almost nobody signs up for it. It's crazy, like, almost nobody that I'm trying to reach actually shows up or signs up for it. But if I do, hey, I'm gonna teach you how to start a coaching business, a ton of people sign up and show up. So even though we're teaching how to use AI, and all that, even though we're teaching, that I can't lead with the thing that nobody's gonna show up for, because then I'm just wasting time and money, talking to a brick wall, and nobody's there. So I got to figure out, what's the thing that actually gets people to get off their butt and do something. And then lead with that, and connect with that. So

[925:12] Speaker 5: I might have to take take some experimentation with Yeah, framing it a little differently to see where I get the get people to sign up?

[927:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and that's where then the next that's where phase two gets really cool as then you use it to survey them and find out what they really want. Okay, so then you take what that is. And so that's what I did. As I as I found out, everybody was asking how do I start a coaching business how to run ads. And then I took the exact words as to why they were stuck. And that became all my offers and sales copy is. I have that 100 page document with all the answers and what people are dealing with struggling with all these q&a sessions, all that. So I'm just leading with basically I preemptively know what questions people are going to ask ahead of time, because I've taken so many of them and I've designed it to only find people to have those same questions. Okay. All right. Wonderful. Thank you. Yeah, totally. So, we talked a little bit more about that tomorrow, too. Awesome. Thank you. All right. Janelle, what's up? Janelle? How are you?

[943:53] Jinell Garcia: I am good. Awesome. You can my call. Um, so what you were talking about earlier about the mindset and everything. I know that that's my issue is the whole mindset. And I have I've done counseling over it, and all sorts of things. Um, but the book that you mentioned earlier, is that good for the mindset also, or do you have some other books that would be good to maybe be reading because I do good when I'm in the middle of something like reading it, and it just encourages me? Yeah,

[951:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the big leaf is good. For mindset. It also depends on kind of the more specifics for your mindset. Like, like, again, like I had asked Brett, what are if you don't mind sharing, like, what are some of those areas of mindset that that have gotten you breakthrough in the past or that you might think that that it is,

[956:27] Jinell Garcia: you're asking me? Yeah, I think for me, I have a breakthrough when I feel like hmm, like I have something that somebody's gonna listen to. I I mean, what I, because of my recent pivot and everything, and I'm thinking because I want to, I want to work more for work more with women over their home, their environment, their organization, you know, kids, you know, dealing with their children and that sort of stuff. And being that I'm older, and I know, there's a lot of young influencers out there, it's easy for me to poopoo myself if I'm looking too much at them. Okay, I raised my kids

[968:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I did a great job. You know, what, specifically in your mindset, did you have you found has been maybe a block or something that's limited you or stopped you from reaching where you're at today? Like, what are some of the breakthroughs that you've gone through?

[971:39] Jinell Garcia: Well, I think the breakthroughs that I've gone through is not being afraid to be seeing that was a big deal for me to be out there and to let people see who I am and talk and talk about things. I struggle with the whole area of I haven't done a live yet at all. I mean, I've done one hasn't been shown but you know, to actually get my face out there and be comfortable with it. I haven't gotten to that point yet. So

[978:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm so sorry. No. And honestly, like, you've probably been through some pretty hard stuff,

[980:29] Speaker 0: too. Yes.

[981:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because there's oftentimes the whole like, I'm afraid to be seen thing shows that you've right, you've you've endured a lot of hard stuff at the hands of even other people that did that maybe didn't see you.

[985:07] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, there was a lot of isolation growing up just because of things going on in my home life. My mom, she had health issues, mental health issues from the time I was probably about seven or eight. So and I was I ended up being the the mom in our home because I was the oldest and the only girl. Yeah,

[990:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, very similar stuff I had dealt with to, from what you just described. In the early early life, when my mom had my brothers that were born, I was a couple years older than them and all that. So totally, totally understand that. So one of the things is that we have to make it safe for you to be seen to wear, like the idea of showing up having people see you both physically. And see you can also be here, and it can also be intimately as to what's in your heart. And being seen by you has multiple levels. been seeing you as multiple levels.

[999:32] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, like, like I write my emails, and everybody loves my emails, I can write. Yeah, great. And I can write my heart. But to actually get up here and say something, it's like,

[1002:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, that's a cool thing, though, is if you can write well, what I like people to do, and I'm very similarly that way as I could write, but I couldn't talk very well in the beginning. And I still to this day, so I write out, like bullet points, or what I want to talk about all the time. Make a video, I'm going to make a training, I got bullet points here, I got things written. That's why I like using chapter t because it's written. Right? And so that can help you at least be more prepared.

[1009:47] Jinell Garcia: Well, yeah, I do. I do do that if I have to. And it's, I've actually gotten to the point where I can get out there and speak. And I'm a great speaker once I put myself out there. But it's speaking on things that I'm creating courses I'm creating where I struggle, right, yeah, it's easy to talk about other things like I was even thinking. Um, you know, it almost be easier for me to be like a real estate agent, I could get out there and talk about because I have something to sell. You know what I'm saying? It's like, I have a product versus let me tell you what I know.

[1018:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. When I when I when I had a six pack back in the day, I thought it'd be really much easier to be a male stripper, so I totally considered it to that I was like, No, I can do this. Yeah, that was a while back. And by the way, I know that some people are offended by that. But that's okay. Mom says the same thing. You know, it'd be easier to post on only fans, but like doing that. So yeah. It's there's always an easier path that we can take. But then there is what we feel called to do a couple books that I like, how to do that work by Nicole Lapera. Recognize your patterns heal from your past. Write yourself. This was one of the first books that I read that really helped me understand that, Oh, wow. There's deeper layers that I could probably work through. And then yeah, this book is actually it is a mindset book conquering your hidden fear to take life to the next level. So what it is, is there's a couple of like layers of even fears that maybe we that maybe you haven't even looked at or explored or talk about that this book, it'll cut both these books will kind of dig them up a little bit for you. Yeah, is why there will be a moment where when I've read these books, I was like, I had like a painful like existential crisis. Like oh my god, this is stuff I've been ignoring for years. I need to like, take a look at this. Because so the other thing too is is that And you know, and I feel like you understand the balance of boundaries. Right? You understand boundaries? I do. But it's okay to a be seen over here and then pull back and have a boundary that you're not going to be seen over here, too. So you selectively show up and give people different levels of access to you. Right? And so and that can do it. That's, again, the reason why you charge what we do in our business. It's why we, we charge for this VIP here. Right? Because it's a different level of access, the boundary to be here started at, you know, $27 $37, depending on when people jumped in. And so that is also because if I did this with everybody Sure, would there be some impact? Well, I tried that. And I had a lot of really nasty people that would show up, and I had a lot of like headaches. And I had to take months in therapy, because the things that people said to me on the VIP call. Wow, two years ago. Yeah. So I That's why I stopped giving away the VIP q&a and started charging for it because also, not a lot of people were showing up to the VIP when I wasn't charging for it. When I started charging more people actually showed up. Right? That was awesome, right?

[1062:24] Jinell Garcia: So you know, I was thinking about doing something like that doing it. Like offering it to my email list and just putting it out on Facebook, we're doing a charge to do like $7. Like it's $7 charges of maybe an hour webinar or something like that.

[1066:32] Speaker 0: Great Love though. Okay. All right.

[1068:00] Jinell Garcia: Thank you. I already downloaded one of those on Audible, so I'll get both of those. So

[1068:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: very cool. Thanks. All right, Lance. Are these live cutter Amalia? Are these live coaching sessions with you? Are they pre recorded videos? These so today's session? I actually recorded it last night at midnight

[1073:35] Speaker 0: that I was talking about for the waiting list? Yeah,

[1074:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, today. Okay, are these live coaching sessions are pre recorded. Okay. Yeah. So it's because I had something that I had to do at the time of the of the main call. So whereas other ones that we had were live, so I utilize a little bit of that where I might do it live, and I might do a pre recorded. Oh, no, no, no, Jeremiah,

[1079:41] Speaker 0: I'm talking about your the, the the

[1080:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: moving forward that we setting up, we're setting up for the waiting list? Is that what we're talking about the same? Yeah. So in the with the waiting list, we have a lot. We have live sessions that are on Monday with okay, like this. But then I have classes we have like 30 Plus classes that are already reported. Okay. Okay. So I have a class. And I roll out a lesson each week for that. So like I just rolled out yesterday, a lesson that was all of the Facebook pixel, Facebook pixel clarity, of course, I'm doing a lesson I'm recording for our group, tomorrow, all about using Zoom, and stuff like that. So some of the trainings are recorded. But I base them off of the questions that are being asked by our coaching group too. So just like how we're doing it. I had everybody, everybody was like, Hey, can you show me how to make the pixel work? I still can't figure out the Facebook pixel. Because I had taught all this stuff about Facebook ads, and everybody kept getting hung up on the pixel. So I spent the last six weeks making a course just about the Facebook pixel for the group. Yeah. So is that every Monday? Yeah. And then every Monday, we do live calls. And so the live calls, they alternate, we'll do a live session where I'm training. And then we'll do a q&a afterwards. Got it. And then I'll do like a dedicated q&a week. So this past week, I did a live training for an hour. And I took questions for an hour. Okay, then next week, it's just q&a for like, two hours.

[1105:24] Speaker 0: Okay. And it's gonna run along. Is it a four year? Or

[1106:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: a Yeah, so the program is it's a year long commitment to jump in and people can make 12 payments or pay in full for that. I actually don't, we don't, we've never offered a discount for paid in full. So it's kind of cost you the same depending on that. How many people are in there currently, right now we have I think it's like 250 people that are there. Okay, that are in the program. How many jump on our live calls, though? About 30 to 40? Sometimes 50 How many ask questions maybe 10. People are asking questions, but then everybody else is getting a lot of value because they all had the same point. Absolutely. So I got people and that's kind of who we're building it for. As the ones that are asking questions. I tell people get really greedy with your questions. There's also a Facebook group though too. This is the other part, there's a Facebook group, where people, and we'll talk about this here tomorrow, but they post their questions throughout the week, all week long. And I'm in there answering throughout the week, any of the questions that are being asked to people. So I'm commenting back to all of our group members as far as that goes. Got it. Just one last question, Jeremy,

[1126:15] Speaker 0: what would you say are the four main pillars of the program? I'm creating the course thing to sell happy? Yes,

[1128:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: no. Well, we'll talk about we'll talk about that a little bit. Tomorrow in the next day. Let me pull up here. I have a document. That actually, I just broke that down, like last month, what those four pillars are? I've never even like thought about oh, do I have four pillars in my program? until like, a month ago, as you as you can tell, as you can tell, I'm ready to jump in. Yeah. So no, you have to you understand, though, like the structure that let me pull this up here real quick. Yeah, I don't want to I don't want to get this get this wrong here. I gotta refer to my notes on this one. Because like I said, I just came up with it like a month ago. And so it's right, it's right here. The four pillars are A, we help people decide on like their niche, if they're not clear on that getting very clear on that. We help people develop their offer and their copy. We help them with the sales strategy. Once you and their messaging how do you actually once people are in front of you, how do you close those sales? We're gonna be talking about that on day five. And then here's the thing, if that's all that I offered, that would be great. But unfortunately, that wouldn't help anybody. Because nine times out of 10, people have success with their sales, and then the sales stop coming in. And then they're right back where they started. And so the other part is that we provide the support the accountability, to optimize it so that you sustain the growth. So it's not just a one time thing, it's a sustained, continuous thing where your Success builds upon itself. Instead of oh, I have this one big launch. And then it dips. Because I know a lot of people who do what we offer, they just teach like, okay, big launch, and then no sales, and you're right back where you started. And so, gosh, built on. The reason why people usually struggle with that is they have unclear messaging. Their messaging isn't connecting with people, they're not made, their their, their actual content isn't making the kind of impact that it needs to, and their sales are very sporadic. It's like a few sales here and there. So what we help you do is we help you get very persuasive with your messaging, how to increase the level of impact, so that it's much more focused and actually goes from just like a surface level thing to like, much deeper. And then how do you have consistent revenue that starts to come in. And all of that leads to and correlates to creating financial freedom, success, the financial success in a coaching and course business? So. So hopefully, that answers really great. And as far as what those those pillars are what we do, absolutely. Like I said, I have it written down. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna log it, that's, that's another thing I'll tell you a little bit of like a secret is, when I'm doing like the presentation, it looks like I'm like saying this all from memory, I usually have notes on my screen that are reminding me of what to talk about. So I didn't have the four pillars in front of me, I probably should have them literally paste it up on the wall. Because I really like that it that's what our coaching program is all about is those. So so we can take, and we and we start you on that journey here during these five days. That's why we're going to be talking about the sales strategy. That's what we're going to be talking about optimizing the ads and the copy and the offers and all that we've been talking about that but what I see is a lot of people take what we've talked about for these five days, they go out there, they try to do it on their own. And they're they either have some success, and then it dips down. And that's what I see happen with most people is they have some success, but then they're right back where they started because they don't know how to sustain it, and how to build upon itself. And so that's a big part of it. And I didn't even talk about this, the other part of it is how to do so without working more than five to 10 hours a week. You don't have to work 40 hours, you don't have to work 30 You don't have to work 20 You can literally build a six and seven figure eight figure coaching business, working five to 10 hours a week. Now are there some weeks where we got to work a little bit more sure. But when you put the systems in place, you're actually able to step out of the business so that you're not working in it. You're working on it. As an entrepreneur and as an owner, so because I don't want anybody just having a highly paid employment opportunity here, that's not what we're doing. We're showing you how to actually build a real business, which means hiring staff becomes a part of that at certain levels. Some people the reason their income gets gaps, a lot of times when people can't go past like a quarter million is they're not hiring people. And they're afraid to let go because their need for control. By the way, I've done a lot of the work that you do with Ursula, right, the control, letting go of the control is a big part of what actually helps people make more money, why people think it's controlling more, when it's actually the thing that makes them more money is letting go, it always sounds like that's a big part of it. And we've been working a lot with our people in the group to on, it's not, it's not a main part of it, but how to outsource how to build your team how to structure that we're adding new courses in there around that, because a lot of people are asking for it. Or we have a lot of people who like hey, you know, I don't need to do all this myself. So we've developed it to be a complete system for coaches, and course creators to have everything that they could ever need is what it is, which is awesome. Well, and not just be a boss, be a leader, lead a team. And a boss tells people what to do. A leader says, Hey, let's do it together. And I think that's a different. That's a different perspective on that, too. I'm really all about effective leadership. Because I've had some bossy leaders that were not very nice. So yeah, it's awesome. Very cool. All right, Lance. Hopefully that answered your question. Um, yeah, definitely. It's all about that's awesome. All right. Well, I'm excited tomorrow, I got I got a lot to think about here too, for these questions that you guys asked tomorrow's training. I'm going to have to go in a little bit of a different direction than I think we had on the sales letter. But it's going to be some of the stuff that I've only talked about with my group coaching group the accelerator, because of the questions that have been coming in today, how many y'all want me to, we'll combine what we talked about in the sales letter, because we're talking about, like, automating your business and doing like that, well, we're gonna be talking about that. But we're, but I'm gonna take it a slightly different direction as to where, what some of the some of the feedback that's come in today here is and I think, I think tomorrow is gonna, it's gonna really bring it home for a lot of you. And then the day five, I find that day five is really the most important day. Day five is historically, whenever we do a five day like this, the least attended day, a lot of people are like, you know, they think it's just going to be a sales pitch. It's not just a sales pitch. It's not at all. That's not how we do it. That's not how I teach you to do it. It's gonna be something that's it's gonna, it's gonna bring it together. I'm going to show you how to like, once you have people in front of you, what are the words that you actually say that get people to buy from you is what that is, and we're going to demonstrate it. But we're also going to show you how you can plug that right into your business as far as that goes. And that's the day that we actually announced the free gifts that everybody gets to give to have and take home. All right, I will see you all tomorrow. And we'll talk soon. See you there.

