VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE 
Date: 2023-05-12T21:29:33.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: mkKdqkzDPxUWdX1ErdmWgHtETCU
---

[1:23] Speaker 0: There we go. There we go

[3:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go for the VIP Hello, everybody. Welcome into the VIP room. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. All right. All righty, here we go. You guys did it. You made it. We made it all the way through this week. Well, we got two more sessions to for you. We got the q&a tomorrow. And then we got the one on Tuesday as well. So we'll keep this going. We keep we keep this, this conversation going. So listen, if you got any questions, this is it. This is this is Friday. I know we're winding down for the week. We're just looking at houses for my wife's parents that are that are moving here. We were looking at them and sending them some videos this morning. Yes, the bonus sessions will be recorded. They will. All right. Yeah, the bonus sessions times are it's at 11am. Central 12 noon Eastern on Saturday. And it's at 3pm. Eastern 2pm. Central on on Tuesday. So two different times. All right, Colleen Kellyanne, hallo, what's up?

[29:23] Speaker 2: Hey, how you doing? Sorry, I'm on an iPad, so I don't even know where to look. Anyway. I rushed back to your hotel, so I could make sure I caught this. I joined the accelerator yesterday. So I'm very excited. I didn't see a welcome email. So I'm like, I don't even know what I have to do next. And I just thought does a welcome email come out or not, there is

[35:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: a welcome email that everybody gets the got that gets sent. We've had people get that. So either you might use the monotype putting that typo in your email. So we'll take a look at that for you. Or it's in your spam folder. But essentially, you log in into your login by going to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Okay, actually, because you signed up for this VIP as well, you already did get a welcome email welcoming you to the members area. So it's the same exact login sequence. And there should be a welcome email for the accelerator. But anyways, we'll take a look at that for you. Jump into the Facebook group, I saw you make a request for the Facebook group. So found that. So there we go. So yeah, but yeah, well, we'll make sure that you're squared away, we send the emails out as well. Like you end up going into a special MailChimp folder. And what I do is, you'll you won't get as many emails from me, you're not gonna get like all of our marketing emails that are going to be sent that are like inviting you to join the accelerator and all of that because you're already in there. But we'll make sure to get you squared away. But yes, there is a welcome email that everybody gets if you didn't get it.

[57:02] Speaker 2: Which. Thank you looking forward to it.

[58:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, no worries. All right. Um, oh, yeah. Michelle, ah, she said he she had her hand raised. Michelle. Ah.

[61:43] Speaker 3: Hi, Jeremiah. Sorry, I couldn't find my hand. Um, I have my landing page done. I don't know if you have time to look at that today. It's not completely okay, let's send it to you real quick. All right.

[67:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I might not be able to look at this one. You sent me as a Canva. Link. It looks like

[69:39] Speaker 3: yeah, it's I sent you an access link. Say Oh, I

[70:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: see. Okay, mindset detox, reclaiming your past so you will want to

[72:21] Speaker 3: delay I mean, I know all the prompts are in there. It's kind of rough. I just kind of want you to see I wasn't sure where exactly to put things and buttons not there. details aren't there but I just want you to kind of see what my thoughts were.

[75:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, let me let me see. I'm just gonna briefly look over this.

[77:17] Speaker 3: Oh, yeah, that's like a screenshot part of its cut off so just details

[79:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so So again, what we're what we're, we're still a little bit too connected to the process of the problem, and what the process actually is not the dream outcome that somebody's going to have. And so what we want to do is we want to start to express. See, especially a lot of this copy, I think a lot of people are going to the way that it's written, they're going to say, no, that's not me, I don't have that problem. Okay. So that ends up happening a lot. Because it's leading a lot with Okay, here's your problem, here's your problem. That's what you need to do. And 990 8% of the time, people aren't going to sign up for an offer that that leads with that type of language. Because nobody really wants to fully admit they want a problem, they just selfishly are looking for specific solutions to dreams that they have. And so what we have to look at is, what is that dream outcome? When we say possibilities, let's get specific about what possible possibilities look like. Those possibilities mean that they're going to be leading a movement up to people as a speaker, are they going to be going out? Is it going to affect their job? Is it relationship related? And talking about that? I understand if you're like, Okay, well, there's so many possibilities. You won't make any money promoting an offer that is very generic and trying to broadly communicate with people, your Facebook will gladly take your money, but it won't bring in the type of people or sales that you want from that perspective. So we got to get more into the weeds of painting a picture of what that experience looks like. And instead of leading with a pay mindset, detox, that is what they're going to do, we need to paint a vision for what they're walking into, and actually reclaiming your power. And then describing what that means, that would actually be a better title than mindset detox, in my opinion. So those are my those are my kind of like, initial things as well, I would not have the words like action and feature and benefit, or any of that in here. But hopefully, that was that was helpful for you just kind of taking a look at how you actually expressed this as we have to get get specific. It's kind of like if I ran an offer for this event, and I said, get more get more names in your program. And like, that's all I said about it. And so but like, what does that actually mean to somebody? What's stopping them from doing that? Are they a coach? Are they an E commerce business owner? Are they this getting specific as to the type of person because that's what's actually going to draw people on resonate and connect people. And you'll usually find that that's connected around what you both your own personal story and past experiences, which is why now it becomes a place of vulnerability where you get you get to expose yourself as to what you've been through in your life. And then the other side is that it needs to talk to a very specific person, the question you're answering that everybody has in their mind is why should I listen to Michelle Hughes, over the 1000 other coaches that are out there? And if you can't answer that to somebody within a split second, you've lost them completely. And so that's where on the sales page is the it has to be a stand out reason for people to connect with you not just because oh, this is some some nice, cute information that's going to make me happy today. But rather this, this has a tangible outcome that I'm going to go after. And so that's where we want to get more specific in that in that copy of that language.

[144:06] Speaker 3: Thank you so much. Can you look at the end, you were saying that if you don't have like specific testimonials, I think it's difficult for therapists to mark it because you can't put you really can't ask for it's not really ethical, because they're ethical to ask for testimonials. So what I did on the last part, and I know it's bold, it's not supposed to be bold, but basically, some of the things that clients have said, at the very bottom,

[151:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I see that you could you could take that and put kind of who the clients are. I've never heard that it's unethical to ask for testimony. So that is that's, that's really discouraged.

[153:47] Speaker 3: Yeah, they don't like well, because it has to do with their relationship. damaging the relationship.

[156:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Got it. Okay.

[156:59] Speaker 3: And doing favors for the therapist is kind of like an exchange thing. It's really kind of discouraged. Wow. But that looks okay, as far as the wording on the

[159:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a lot of stuff that's discouraged as unethical that I teach that you should do. Yeah. So, and that's why a lot of people write me and say that my methods are, are unethical. But

[165:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, if we, if we followed what everybody else in the world told us to do, I don't think we'd ever be successful. So that's my opinion on that. I think there are definitely ways to be able to work on that between yourself. And I think that that's more of a personal conviction over more than anything else.

[171:18] Speaker 3: Yes. Do you think it's okay to take what some clients have said? Would that be okay to do?

[172:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can say, you know, yeah, you could say, these are a few of what the client totally I mean, I don't see nothing wrong with that, again, as you move into coaching, and maybe it's not just therapy. It's just, it's because I know a ton of therapists that have testimonies, it's, it's amazing. This might not come across, right? But there are there are certain beliefs, I'll tell you this, the people that are in the room right now, this isn't just to you, Michelle, there are certain things that you believe that are unethical, that that literally, if you just did them, your business would make money, but there's a belief that you have, I can't cross that line and do that, because it would make me a bad person. And you might need to challenge those beliefs, and they're not actually helping you. So again, if you look at the system, and how we help people and and what we do, I just, I see that I want to present as best of an opportunity as possible to help find a client, the clients that we need, but the biggest reason why I see coaches and mentors not make the kind of money they want to make is because they're, they're trying to stay too far away from the line of best practices, or I don't want to offend people are upset people or, or look a certain way. And I find that that's just, that's 100 that's, that's a I couldn't see myself as a business owner saying, I'm going to choose to not make money today in my business. Because I don't want to look like something to somebody else. I just, I just could never see myself doing that as a as a business owner. And I don't think any company or store CEO really should be thinking that way, we should be thinking, what can we do to make the most amount of profit in our business. And so again, that doesn't mean you're going to be defrauding people or selling crappy products or doing anything like that. But if there are literally activities that you're not doing, because you're afraid of how people might think about you, or how you might look, those literally might be the unlock, that's gonna take you to the next level to make the kind of money you want to make. And you're and you're just choosing to not do so because somebody somewhere made up some rule that you're not allowed to do something. So those are my I feel very strongly about that.

[212:26] Speaker 3: I, I appreciate your, your feedback, and you're explaining that and I'm hoping that when I get some coaching clients, I'll be able to do that. The thing is, is a lot of my testimonials, I have initials, yeah, you know, they don't because they tell me something that's really profound. I'll say, Can you give me an initial, you know, your initials, okay. And I've even had clients, so you know, that's okay, but use them backwards.

[219:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how clients ask that totally

[220:09] Speaker 3: privacy wise, but I'm hoping that the coaching, I'm gonna be able to for sure, do that more, because I'm not really doing a lot of therapy now. Because it really transferring over to what we're doing. Yeah. So yeah, yeah, and thank you so much.

[224:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I want to I want to see you guys make as much money as possible in your business, not just not just five to 10k A month 20k 30k 50k at that level, and go beyond what, you know, I mean, once you start making over 30k a month, you got people telling you that no human on planet Earth should be making that much money and you got it and you're going against 50% of culture that thinks that capitalism is evil. And so, I, I say you're always gonna come up against barriers where people are gonna say, you can't cross that line. And I think each level of making the kind of money that we want to make in our business requires us to challenge some of those beliefs. So I just I really strongly feel about that. All right, Allegra. You know, I saw Oh, he logged off. No, I'm here. I'm here. No, there was there was a guy he had his hand raised. It looks like he logged off. I guess he didn't like how long I was talking to somebody. I don't know.

[240:05] Speaker 4: Okay, um, I have a two part question. And I apologize if you've already answered this. So with the accelerator, what is the time commitment there? As far as, like attendance in sessions, like you come on once a week, twice a week? How often are we together? Aside from the things that we're doing on our own? And then the second part is, when you talk about community, how supportive is the community? And are there collaborations? Are people allowed? Or do they beta test with one another? What is the community? Michael?

[251:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, the community is very collaborative, super supportive. It's a wide range of different niches, I would say there's a few people that do some of the same things. But very rarely, there's not a whole lot of that. And that kind of gives you like a unique perspective, from other people that are in different niches because I think we can dial in our niche, real specifically. Again, I mean, just back to what Michelle was asking, she could take some of those testimonies that she has, and look at, I'm just noticing the word romantic relationship. And then you could build an offer around relationship growth, specifically, because I see you got two testimonies here on relationship growth. So whatever that is, you can pull that in and make that your unique niche so that the community is very supportive. If they choose to go into each other's offers, sure, there's definitely no obligation of having to buy anything like that, that would be a very weird environment, if we were requiring people to beta test each other's offers, I don't, I don't understand the logic behind that. We do, there's not a there's not a requirement as well, for you to have to show up at any any given session. See, here's the thing. In our community, we do something a little different than other communities. And we've had, we've actually had a lot of people tell us, they don't like our community for this reason. And that's why they don't like to be a part of it. And so I'm going to tell you what that is. And this might help you make your decision of being part of the community or not as the one thing that I hate more than anything else is codependency is, is the idea that that of having to micromanage other people's actions and behaviors, and having to check in on somebody to make sure that they're acting like a grown adult, the way that a boss does at a job to make sure that you're doing your job. Now, there's a lot of coaching programs out there that are so that have started to pop up, that they pride themselves in hounding you to make sure that you show up that you're doing the work, holding you accountable doing that, we don't do that. And so we expect at that level that you at least bring 50%, I will bring my 50%. But we got to meet halfway and we have to bring equal weight. And so if you're not showing up to in to one of the trainings, a there's no judgment for that, that one huge thing is not a judgment zone. It's a very much like, you know, if you if you're in the program for four months, and you don't do any work, I'm not going to say, Well, what kind of lazy bum I don't I don't I don't talk that way. And we have to work on our own self talk. If we want to be successful, I teach that in the program, I'm not going to go on that tangent right there. But I'm not going to make sure that you're actually doing the work. That is the responsibility of the client. Now I have had a number of people, people telling me that I'm not even qualified to be a coach. Because I say that and I'm okay with that. demonization of how I've chosen to build our coaching business. I'm absolutely okay with some people thinking that that is a very bad way to build a coaching business is expecting other people to be grown adults and to actually show up and to be disciplined themselves. For me, I'm this isn't a life coaching program. This is a business coaching program, to where for you to be successful in business. You have to be self disciplined to do the work when you don't feel like it. And so if I cultivated an environment and there were no there was anything but that I actually think that that would be unethical in our program. That's why we built it that way. And so requirement to show up we have Mondays at 11am. Every single week we're meeting live, I post recorded lessons to new classes that I'm teaching based off of the feedback from the group. So what everybody's sharing, if I'm noticing that there's a problem that a lot of people are dealing with, or they really want to learn. I create new courses that teach that so the live trainings are on Mondays at 11am Central time, they're all recorded and then once a month. We also do a live copywriting and Facebook ads, an offer review call where it's just Dedicated to that we do our quarterly mastermind, again requirement for you to join, join or show up there isn't one. But those are the opportunities to show up. And to get the best, or the most other programmers, you can't we got people who show up every week, we have people who show up once every quarter with updates as to what they're doing. And so it's really it's going to be a go at your own pace type of a thing. That's why it's an open ended program. You could say for a year, two years, three years, you could quit after the first year. But the only requirement is that if you do join, after the 30 day trial period is that you stay on for at least 12 months as part of the program goes if you do the payment plan, right. Does that help answer that question for you? Absolutely. Thank you. So awesome. And I, I did a whole podcast episode, called the right way to run a coaching program. In my opinion, I want to stand by that is the right way. It's the way that my mom taught me. And it's the way that Dan Kennedy teaches to run a coaching program and a consultancy is you just you can't coddle your clients when they're at that level. I'm like, Okay, you're at this level, I expect you to be a grown adult and to do your homework, without me making sure that you're doing it. And so that is a big part of that. Now, here's what's what is cool is I teach and mentor on okay, what actually stops us from being disciplined? What causes distractions? How can we make sure to be more focused, more motivated? Things like that? So we do support you in those areas? But it is a it is a self paced program.

[346:08] Speaker 4: Okay. Sounds good. Because yeah, I think that what you're really hitting on is where there are those coaches, that I've also been a part of this coaching prop programs where they're holding your hand. Yeah, when the program is over? Yeah, those people are still, you know, needing the coach to hold their hand to progress is really pushing self reliance.

[352:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to really actually, like want to build a program that did that for a long time, I had a desire to, and I and I, and I came to the conclusion that okay, this is a takes way too much time, I do have a desire, in the next year or so that we might certify a few people that might have like office hours that we might do so that we can offer more time to help people. But for it to be my own time that I'm showing up. I think I've made this decision solidified when we had our newborn baby. And I was just like, I need to I got to spend time with this little one not not spending 50 to 100 hours in my coaching group, you know? So, but yes, I am still in there every single day answering questions going through different questions and, and our interactive. And that's not to sell that short. There is a ton of interaction support, whether you want to say hand holding, it's kind of though, like you have to tag me in a post and say, Hey, I'm struggling with this. And then I'll walk you through it. I'll walk you through whatever you're struggling with. But it takes people at least showing up to do that. We do allow anonymous posts in our Facebook group. So if you're really embarrassed about a certain topic, you can always post anonymously to as well. Okay, great. Thank you so much for answering that. All right, awesome. Sherry Toledo. Hey, Sherry.

[375:43] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah. Nice to see you. Nice to see pursue, first of all, thank you. I was actually in your mom's program for a while. So I understand what you're saying about all the that that approach and I agree, anybody

[379:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: who's been a part of my mom's programs knows what's up.

[380:36] Speaker 3: Yep, I probably

[381:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't hold as tight of a strict like, stick to that, as my mom does. I'm a little more I'm a little softer than her a little bit. She's a she's a bulldog, a beast and a force to be reckoned with. And I love him.

[385:07] Speaker 3: So true. Also, I appreciate your your approach for the technology. So I have a background in technology, not like high tech or anything but just educational technology. Yeah. So I've been playing with chat GPT I'm actually launching a podcast and having a podcast party next week. And then I've put a link to my

[393:05] Speaker 0: page.

[394:02] Speaker 3: So what I'm doing, I'm in an apple, now it's live. There's just a zero episode, but I'm going to add sorry, three episodes that stop and in order to hear the rest. You have to go sign up at this page. That's what my podcast coach suggested. Okay. So, a little bit of suspense. But I wanted to get your input on this page and then anything? Yeah, so they've listened to some people will go directly here. Some people will go here from. I'm doing a live on Thursday. So they'll go hear from that some people in my groups and people that I have following me will do that. And so yeah, this is like version three from chat GPT.

[408:41] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. It's actually it's actually pretty good. I like I like this right here. If that resonates with the type of person who wants to go against the grain step out. But here's one thing that, so this is really good leading with that. But what is, has been stopping them from doing that? Okay, so expressing that in there, because we want to what I noticed is that on a landing page, you want to really anchor

[418:11] Speaker 0: the problem, and struggle.

[419:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And even though you know, it's argued, well, they already know what their struggle is, you don't need to reiterate it. Now. They don't. They, they? They, I think they do. But you need to still reiterate it to anchor the fact that what you're offering is the solution to that specific problem right here. Okay, so this could be Have you have you felt shut down by leaders? Is that what it is? Have you felt timid or afraid you weren't sure how to do it the right way, if you were, if you're walking the right path, if you're being obedient, like whatever that is, that reason that they're back here that's tethering them to this and preventing them from moving into this, don't be called that, that boldness being being able to sort of be wild and free with themselves and have the freedom that that that we know is possible. And I think that that's a big one is that you're giving people permission to have freedom. And so not just created to coach but the freedom to, to coach and to co create with what God has called them to. And I think that co creation asks for you

[440:04] Speaker 3: to co create Absolutely. Cool. Thank you.

[440:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's kind of my feedback on the on the copyright there. I think, you know, I've never I've never done anything with like a three part podcast series or anything like that. So I'm not 100% sure how effective that is. I know that the model that we teach of doing the training on video and all that is really effective for getting coaching clients at this podcast. It looks like a cool offer, though. So yeah, yeah, I will. Thank you. All right. Awesome. Diana. Hello. Right before I go on real quick, just a sec. Marv had asked how long how many words is a typical landing page that is really up to you, Marv, you can do this. It does. Here's what I tell people. It doesn't hurt to have it be really long, there's no limit. The longer it is, it's not going to hurt you. But it's also not like a requirement. I've seen people have a ton of success with offers that are literally just like to live like two lines of the fold of the scrolling down a little bit. And those offers weren't great. I would have at least like one segment with the headline, the graphic, some of that story text and then a little bit about what they're going to learn and a little bit about you and then the opt in form and at least that is the bare minimum on a landing page. And that's that's the big part of the landing page blueprint course. That's why I decided to make that the free gift for anybody who at least tried the accelerator because that's really your next stages. Okay, what do we put on each section of the landing page. But there is no such thing as too long of a landing page. At any given point in time. When it comes to doing online marketing. There's there's yeah, there's no such thing as too long of a landing page. There really isn't. All right, Diana.

[471:58] Speaker 4: Okay, um, yesterday, after we had our discussion, I had to end up going back and rewatching our session this session again, because it kept breaking up on me so I kept missing a lot. Wednesday, I didn't catch it because I was having a heart monitor and stuff put on that. Um, I started watching everything back yesterday. And I had you had mentioned that you need to do whatever you're the most experienced that, as far as your niches go, Well, I went and after I watched the videos and everything I had, I realized that I'm wanting to help abused children. And I, I've been messing around with the chat GPT and entering in the things that I thought might be give me ideas on what how to word everything, but it kept coming up things that I didn't want on there. So I wasn't sure how to do that. And if it would be better if I was just a speaker or a mentor, or if it's coaching, I wasn't sure how to go about, you know, if I was asking the wrong, the wrong one or what.

[493:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there's a couple of different prompts that you can get that you can use, from our prompts document that worked really well for creating these offers and landing pages. Secondarily, the US specifically working with children that are under 18, that have that are experiencing abuse,

[497:58] Speaker 4: yes. Well, it's been basically just me coaching, you know, just me like, talking to them one on one and stuff. I'm not a trained therapist or anything. Yes, I mean, their parents are there and everything, but and it's just like, if they come to like a meeting, you know, like a support group type thing. But I'm wanting to get away from that to where I can help more people than the people in the surrounding

[507:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing. I'm guessing the parent who's there didn't do the abusing, did they know? Okay, okay. I'm just like thinking about that. Like, that's an interesting situation. I'm like, I'm not sure I'll always have that. Like, that's a state level type thing. You might need to

[512:59] Speaker 4: know, it. It was basically like, fostering. Okay, children. Okay. And the parents, the foster parents, you know, and they're trying to encourage the kids to realize that the abuse wasn't their fault.

[517:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Again, you will be able to take what you learned, because here's the thing is that all that information that you know, about children applies to adults? That's 100%. Right. And so going out there and expanding to people who have experienced the exact same types of abuse and trauma that these children have, has you got adults that haven't haven't healed from the same exact things that you're helping with right now?

[525:37] Speaker 4: Exactly. And I was hoping that if I was reaching the younger children, that it would give them more of an opportunity so that they can go into adulthood, with a more positive mindset.

[530:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Um, as far as like selling goes and a business side, is you will do better to take what you know, and create a program that can help adults go out there and be more empowered and get unstuck from certain things. Because ultimately, that's what that extrapolates into is, it's like a life coaching, hybrid type training at that point, with a specific goal that these people have. And so as far as profitability goes, that will be the direction for that. Do you want to build a whole brand that's around therapy for children and things like that? You could, I would say that if that's really is your passion, you want to stay with children? Then Then,

[542:16] Speaker 4: I would like to do Oh, but, you know, I would like to do both, you know, because obviously both need help. But I just wasn't sure which way to go about it. If I should be more of the like, stand up speaker, you know, that they come and see or if it should be like, you know, like we're doing here in a group thing or

[549:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that now in 2023, and moving forward doing a group online is the is the best way to connect with people that that need the help that you offer. Again, you're going to be marketing to their, their, their parents at that point, the foster parents, right. Right. Right. And so are the other say, I'll say this is that to build a business on that perspective, or to do both is going to be it will be more of a challenge than focusing in on one which would be the group that is probably more willing to make an investment which is the adults So, because I, I've known a lot of people too, they try to build two different niches, both users both usually struggle until they choose one or the other, and go all in on that for themselves. And so, because otherwise your messaging is kind of split a little bit is what it is, you could merge that message into where it applies to everybody. But again, that would be you are establishing, establishing yourself as a thought leader, mentor that helps people, whether they're seven all the way up to 70 years old, that have experienced these types of traumas, and that you would be able to at least help the wide range. If you're focusing more on Have you experienced this type of abuse, because at that point, then you're actually really building a brand as you're the type of person who helps people with that niche area of pain and trauma to heal.

[575:39] Speaker 4: Hmm, exactly. That's what I was getting at, you know, to help everybody to heal and to show them that it's not, the abuse doesn't. It's not who they are. So. Okay. Okay, well, thank you. I just keep plugging away on it.

[580:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm still learning that fact right now.

[582:03] Speaker 1: 35 years old, that the abuse isn't who I am. Well, yeah, I'm staying.

[583:52] Speaker 4: Right. And it's difficult. Sometimes it's difficult sometimes for them to let go, especially when you've had so much trauma, and you have to be able to separate yourself from that trauma, and realize that and that's why I

[588:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: meet with a therapist every week still.

[590:09] Speaker 4: But I think sometimes that even if we're in a more laid back atmosphere like this, it's a lot easier for people to talk and open up than it is sometimes just the professional person. I don't mean that in a bad way,

[595:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: or they don't need to have their camera up or anything. Either. They can

[596:06] Speaker 4: write right and just just be relaxed. And I found that they open up more that way, as opposed to you know, just feeling like they've got to walk on eggshells, you know, all the time. So totally.

[599:45] Speaker 1: No, that makes sense. Okay. Okay. Well, thank

[600:49] Speaker 4: you. Yeah, you're welcome. This is and I'm jumping into that course too. Just so you know.

[602:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Love it. excited to have you. Thanks for Thanks for being here. Thanks for just bringing these questions forward. Honestly, like we've had this is this is probably been one of our best groups that we've had. And it was it was it was a it's been a struggle. I'll tell you my my son is four months old. It's it is a Parenting is hard. It's

[610:03] Speaker 4: and I'm fixing to be a great you

[610:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, it's also so fun. Like he's his personalities coming through now or just like, Oh, my goodness, you're, you're such a rockstar, we just love you. So much. Like he just, he just every time I walk in the room, he's like, Dad, you know, like, to me, so Anyway, congratulations

[615:17] Speaker 4: there. And thank you, everybody for classes, because this has been truly helpful to me. And everyone.

[617:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, thank you for being here. I think it's I think it's really and I know, again, if anybody watches the replay, somebody had a question. He had logged off, I'd love to maybe answer his question. I'll email him and check that out. But my goal and my mission with doing this is to help help you guys be successful. So that's, again, as I said, that's how you can give back to me is by applying this training, not just not just learning it by actually, but actually doing something with it. So all right. Pamela, Pamela PE Hamilton Stubbs. I know her name was Pamela cuz she was on with us last month, and it's kind of fun you got, you have probably some of the best questions I've been asked for the longest time. So I, you might be like, Oh, I have this learning curve. Well, it actually helps me the more the more I hear the questions because I'm like, okay, yeah, no, like, let's help if I can help somebody like Pamela succeed. I can. We can help so many people. So all right. Let's I see your offer here. You sent me the link.

[635:47] Speaker 0: Yeah. Uh huh.

[636:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, this is starting to look better. Experience the power a lot transformative power, okay. So So to blood, okay, so I wouldn't even talk about maybe just change this up slightly, having more energy with a good night's sleep, even if it's sometimes feels impossible. Okay? You know, because the idea is instead of like the hidden benefit, let's let's, let's say what the benefit is, let's describe what thriving looks like I think I think people know what inflammation type two diabetes, all of that causes issues. Let's talk about what the other side of that looks like now. You know, I think that I think you got about half of you got half the story here when we talk about the problem. And that's usually what I see people do is one of three sort of mistakes with their copy is either there's no problem or outcome mentioned, it's just too generic, or they're way too focused on the problem itself, or it's way too focused on the solution. And so let's take a look at what is that outcome? What does that dream outcome? The solution is a good night's sleep. But you know, what are some of those benefits? How does thriving look, for somebody who has a good night's sleep, I have made it a priority. Even just in the last month, I told my wife I said, is I need to I need to not be sacrificing my sleep because it's affecting our business. It's affecting my ability to be a father and all of that. And so I totally get it whenever I lack sleep. And these are people that lack it because of certain health issues versus I'm more was just choosing to sleep plus. Which is, which is a little bit of a different problem. But

[666:59] Speaker 0: no, they're not necessarily people who are lacking sleep because they have health problems.

[668:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not getting quality sleep. There are

[669:12] Speaker 0: people who are not getting quality sleep who don't realize that they're either putting himself at risk for developing health problems. Oh, yeah, they already have health problems. And they have a difficulty controlling them, because sleep causes imbalances in the systems that are affected by Yeah. And a bunch of other systems.

[675:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: What you just said to me right now that that little soundbite, right, there should be on this landing page. Yeah, I think that's kind of what's missing a little bit, right there is how you, and that's what's really cool is like when we go back and forth with the landing page, is I'm able to like pull out of you a little bit of like, getting it closer and closer to that goal. So again, this is this is about 80% of the way there, I would just add a little bit more of what are those benefits look like? And then talk about even maybe some of the risks, maybe list some of those out, and why this should be a priority to people. And I think that I think that that will that now becomes a more effective offer to find people that are struggling with those issues.

[686:36] Speaker 0: All right, thanks. Yeah.

[687:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, like you mentioned, I am, I was actually, I, you, you showed me something this week of Pamela and you didn't even realize it, as I have kind of a split two types of people that are on these calls, and that I help either. So you had a ton of clients does not through online. And so but without me knowing Okay, she's got all these all this success over here, is I ended up teaching how you build your offer a slightly different way. So if somebody already has a ton of clients success, I'm gonna have you just basically take that client success and translate it over to the internet. Versus if somebody's just starting out from scratch, brand new, they don't have any testimonies. I gotta show them how to get their first success story. Right. So those are slightly different paths, but they use they utilize pretty much the same tools. So you're but I will say this, it is easier to have success in this business, when you already have had some success, if that makes sense. It's it's easier to amplify existing success that you have a definitely is a challenge to start from ground zero, but it can be done. Everybody has to start somewhere. You know, Pamela, when you started in your, in your profession, and you had nobody that you were working with, you know, there was a little bit of a learning curve right there at the very beginning. So right, a lot, a lot. Yeah. And so it's kind of the same exact way now is when we bring it online, we're sort of back at ground zero right there. You'll be surprised though some of those learning curves, and I had mentioned this, especially when I talk with doctors, is that figure out what is that what was the big unlock for you in your in person profession or your previous success. There's probably something very similar is an unlock for you in the online space as well. Because people are people whether they're online or offline, what motivates them as the same it's just how do we tell the story differently, you know, That's why I I'm I love media and storytelling, the way that you tell a story a lot of people don't know this. Video games have stories in them. There's different story based video games, there's a comic book has a story in a certain way, a fictional novel has a story in a certain way. And a movie does as well as a TV show. Here's what's interesting, though, a movie or a TV show, a video game, and a novel and a comic book, they all tell the same story, very different ways, because of the medium that they show up on. And so what it is, is it's taking the same story that you tell, and the result that you deliver in person, and we're just translating it, to tell it in a way that works for the internet. So that's, that's something I just, I want to teach more on that the concepts of storytelling, have way more to do with writing really like creating good offers than most people realize. Because you're, you're you're you're merging the this, the what makes people make a decision of Steve Jobs, when he would sell the iPhone was a master storyteller, how he would sell the iPhone and present, he would share and a lot of, he would use words to paint visual pictures. And he would have PowerPoint and stuff that would help with that. The words that we use, paint a picture in the mind of the people that we're selling to and the more specific that picture is, and the and the closer to their actual goal they have, the easier it is to get them from just being interested in you to saying, Okay, I'm going to hire you and work with you. So I'm really passionate on that I have had a little bit of trouble teaching that side of it because I know it more internally than academically. I've actually been really learning the styles of fictional storytelling. myself over the last year or so. And so, and how it translates to online marketing is, it's like it's directly translates into online marketing. It's pretty cool.

[757:27] Speaker 0: So all right, Jess. Hi, Jeremiah. Hello,

[759:24] Speaker 5: everybody. Before I ask my question, I just wanted to say how inspirational lots and lots of you are. I've been sat here very greatly listening to everyone into 10pm My time and such such fun to be here with you all. Especially the Regulus. Yeah, yeah. So also Jeremiah. So when I first spoke to you, I think it was day one or two after the main zoom. And I said to you, I had a six month coaching program. So I've been listening, playing with chat chat chat, GBT. And I decided to do a mini course that would happen before my six month. So that would be the sort of circa $2,000. Mark. So I thought I'd do that. Yeah. So the question I have for you then is I am, I am coming up with a very similar set of benefits or the outcome, the dream for the mini course, as I have for the main one, and I'm starting to get a bit nervous. So how am I going to then transition them into the six month program?

[776:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah, great idea. That's where and this might be there might be a experience of actually going through the process that's going to answer this question the way that you're wanting it to, but it's the same, it's the same answer to how we build out our funnel in general. So I'll just I'll just share with you how we did it. With with blocks, now we've done it with my mom, this is a good example right here. So this is like the free training that somebody can grab right here. And then if you have your $2,000 course right here, this is the $2,000 course and then this is the six month program. And what you want to look at is where is somebody on their journey at each stage of this and what you'll look at is not what did you teach? It's not fully related to what do you teach, but where are people needing the guidance and direction based on their ability to absorb the information and apply it because what you'll notice is when you do your a six or eight week program is actually a lot closer to what we did with Rick Pino and his my mom just has her program and she's got a VIP on top of this. We did this with Rick Pino. where we would have free trainings, then we would have six to eight week program. And then there would be a a 12 month program on top of this. There's a point that, okay, so when somebody registers for a free training, you guys are on a free training, that if you apply the information, there's a sticking point that the average person will have. And so the sticking point, you'll end up identifying the more people you work with. I don't know, have you worked with a lot of clients before already? Yes, I

[809:21] Speaker 5: have on a one to one basis. Okay, perfect.

[810:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in the one to one basis, you're going to find? What are the common sticking points with people to where they get stuck. And they kind of dwell longer than other problems that they have? Does that make sense? Yes. And so what it is, is that each stage, you're going to take people up to the point of those different sticking points. And so they'll get a break through on this for this area, they'll get a break through on this for this area, they're going to break through over here for this area. Now, it's all going to be based around the same end goal, because that's why they both look very similar to each other. The nuance is, is where somebody's at, on the breakthrough part of their journey. Okay, where somebody's at. So let's say, you just in my business, you go through this five day event here, I've given you all the, the education on how to do all this stuff I've, I've, I've educated you for these five days on essentially everything you need from a from a knowledge standpoint, in these five days. So what's the value of joining my accelerator? Well, what that is, is that there are points in the education that it's good to have the feedback have a mentor right here. So that's another piece of value that you can do here is they get ongoing support and feedback with you during this time. And what that is, is the ongoing support and feedback takes people to their next level of breakthrough right here. So what you might have is this might get people to one point of break through six to eight weeks. And now you're going to provide ongoing support for six months over here. Yeah. Does that make sense?

[836:10] Speaker 5: It makes a lot of sense.

[836:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you'll start to notice what is people's common resistance points? Yeah. Okay. What are people's common resistance points?

[839:04] Speaker 4: Yeah. And then yeah.

[839:54] Speaker 0: And that

[841:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the more people you work with, you'll notice they come up against certain resistance points. And what I had to do is I had to decide we had to do this as well, with my mom. And with Rick, there's certain resistance points that you actually have to drop off and stop trying to solve for people, because it's way easier to just focus on getting more success stories over here, because then that is going to be the machine that actually drives the success, the financial success for you. Let me explain that, again, this is another controversial part of our system, is we focus more on the top 10% of the clients that are in our program, as far as how can we help the top 10% go further in their success. And what that top 10% is going to do is it's going to raise up the whole group, it's going to raise up the whole group, but there's also certain topics, I used to teach a lot, a lot a lot on mental health issues. And now I barely touch on it at all. Because I'm just realizing that a I'm I don't have a passion for that I have a passion for helping people make a lot of money in their business. And be I was spending way too much energy focusing on helping raise people up that were never going to take action actually build a business. Whereas I had this whole group of people over here that started making six figures, seven figures, but I was spending all my energy helping people that needed mental health help over here. And so I had to say, okay, you know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna talk about mental health, but I'm gonna refer people, I'm gonna say go talk with a professional, they'll work with a therapist. Our program isn't a life coaching program. It's a Business Growth program, and then focus on okay, how can I help more people increase their income. And I actually become less holistic and what my system is. So we had a lot of people, when we open the doors to the accelerator, we have people that they joined. And they asked for their money back after 30 days. And so I found a pattern in them, all of them fell into that mental health category. All of the people who ended up asking for their money back after 30 days fell into this mental health category, to where they felt like they weren't served at the level that they needed to be, and that they were just overwhelmed by the content and that there wasn't enough of what they were looking for. So that's why I realized, okay, first off, I'm not really doing any of them. service, even inviting them to join the program. So I'm not even going to include this segment into my marketing. And that's we're getting more specific as to the people that I can get results for. And that are going to be potential buyers and that are going to stay on the program. Beyond 30 days. That's where, again, that takes a little bit of experience, and doing it a few times. But that's where you get more specific into that by observing the feedback of what's the point where people get overwhelmed. What's the point where they are, they're asking a lot of questions on this topic or that topic. Where are they stuck? Where they're sticking points? What's those resistance points, and then quantifying those and finding the pattern? And all that it's, it's a lot of pattern recognition with that. Yeah. Okay, that

[892:52] Speaker 5: makes a lot of sense. And then my final question, then, based on what you've just demonstrated, you give lots of bonuses and trainings. And so without having everything, are we then relying on the feedback loop to create these things? Or?

[897:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, definitely relying on the feedback loop relying on what I like to do is okay, so I, I'll look at what if I'm getting people that go through a five day with me, they're saying, hey, I really liked that part of the training, I'll make a bonus that's similar to that part that people say that they really liked a lot. And now that becomes a bonus for my upsell. For a free event. I'll take a look at what is the course that I'm recommending everybody start with or focus on. And that might be one of the different bonuses in the beginning that you're not going to have all of that when I launched our program, I only had five courses, and they weren't even, they weren't even that laser focused on what, what coaches needed as much as also probably why we had some drop off was that and so I had to create some brand new courses to really get it to the level that it's at now. And so now we're at the point where the library of information that you get does cover what you need to know that there was a lot that we didn't cover back in August last year that now we do cover. So the program is also constantly improving based off of that feedback loop. And then I'm able to pull pay a lesson over here a lesson from here, and those can become bonuses as well.

[916:54] Speaker 5: Beautiful. That's brilliant, thank you so much.

[917:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the programs are also ever evolving, and just getting better and better based off of the people that are in it. And the questions that are asked and the results to help raise everybody up. Seth asked, Do you get anything different for pay in full or monthly? Nope, there is no difference. And then Seth said, Neil and I are in business together. What does that mean? Neil?

[923:54] Speaker 6: It's literally you guys

[924:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the same bed? No, no.

[925:18] Speaker 6: No, we live in two different states. Southern kind of business. You know, we've we've worked in several different businesses over the years. And then we've been doing this business on our, you know, together. He's in North Carolina I'm in in Dallas. So I'll be having Dallas, Texas, but I

[930:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually let you know, one person joined and a business partner jump into it. So that's cool. Yeah. Okay. That was the wife do that. I don't charge double membership for that. Even if you have some staff that you want to learn stuff it's for if it's for one company, they can also get access, just send us their emails. Okay. That's another thing that we've done that I think a lot of coaching programs don't do. As I do, it's more of like the membership is like on a per company basis. Perfect. So I got one guy, he's got 12 people in there, but they're all part of his business. And so they're the different staff members are actually learning all the stuff and they're growing, which is cool. And then I ended up hiring one of them to work for me as a VA. Which is cool. Anyways, yes, absolutely. That's, that's no problem. All right. Thank you, sir.

[942:57] Speaker 7: Well, I have one final, final question.

[943:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Final question.

[944:59] Speaker 7: So as far as like, I'm assuming 12 months runs out, and you roll into continuing the, you know, accelerator group, what, what would be kind of the benefit? Like if we just do monthly? I'm assuming we could do that for as long as you're in business? Yeah. What what kind of things happens in doing that beyond the 12 months?

[951:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I think it would just be you would know, in the 12 months, like, hey, this isn't this is the environment that's really helping us grow and progress. And I want to stay here and stay in this environment. Stay in this community right here.

[955:19] Speaker 6: Do we have ongoing kinds of interactions with your team and stuff? Because that was a little bit of what I was missing an understanding. Like, I know they're, you know, is there like a monthly call a weekly, like, what's the group, ongoing interaction that's happening, and I may have just missed that and I'm sorry if I missed.

[959:46] Speaker 7: You did, Neil. But it'll be helpful. So

[960:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks. Yeah, I'll mention. So for the program itself, there's not a team, it is just me as far as the production goes, um, other than my team work schedules, a lot of the more automated reminders and stuff like that. But as far as the coaching goes, I'm in there answering questions all the time. When you tagged me, I think the longest that I'll go, I did have where I took maybe about six days to answer somebody's question in the group. I try not to go longer than that. But I'm in there reading the questions. It was a really complicated sales copy question. So I was like, I'm gonna get back to you on this when I have some time to really took me almost 30 minutes to answer the question. So it depends on how complex the questions are. So there's that there are the weekly calls that we do. And we ultimately, we have a live call that we do. That is a it's a training call with about 20 to 30 minutes of q&a at the end. And then we have an hour to an hour and a half, depending on how many questions we get q&a Call the next week. And we alternate between that. So what it is, is I'm providing group coaching, kind of to everybody, and those live calls and those and those interactions. And then on top of that just kind of to, I really consider again, the courses as the bonus, you don't have to go through all the courses. But I am recording every single week. One lesson for two courses every week. So like right now, I'm recording our email marketing follow up course, and our membership recurring profits course. So I do one less than that I just drip each week. As I record it, I just got it in my schedule, it'll be up at least before Friday night, you'll get that new lesson. And then that goes into the members area. So the trainings archive is growing. And what do I teach on in those courses? Is it's what we're getting questions for in the group. So the idea is the group starts to get the training, you get the support, you get the accountability. And as I said, it gets better over time. Because as as the questions go on, the next course that we're going to be doing is I'm doing a mini class on our funnel strategy. So that's one of them. And then I'm doing so the mini class is gonna be only two lessons long. And then I'm doing one all about, I don't have the name for it. But I'm going to really spend about four to six weeks on, what do you say, during your live zoom trainings, webinars, when you're actually doing a presentation and really break that down during like a four to six week deep dive into giving the best presentation possible. And so like, that's the upcoming courses over the next the next month or so on top of what's already in there. And think ethics. So

[1004:23] Speaker 6: is it? Do you mind if I just ask one more question? Yeah, you're fine back. So in those group coaching sessions, do either the group q&a side or in the actual member area that you actually respond to? Are you willing to give feedback on helping to tweak some of the mechanisms that we're trying to specialize in on the niche niche niche anyway? Because we've been doing a lot more one on one like you were doing? Yeah. And and so we're trying to kind of really make sure we're honing in on the right people that were helping bass. Yeah, just getting feedback on that would be that

[1013:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: feedback is the majority of a lot of what we spend our time doing the questions and support for people for providing that feedback. Now, what I what I will say is that some people do like here, here's a landing page, give me feedback. I'm like, Okay, let's get specific, what type of feedback do you want? And so I might, I might add you on to give a little bit more specific feedback. That's more for me to help the whole group, the more specific we get at asking our questions, the better we are. But that's, that's what my purpose of being in there is, is to provide that support. That's why I said, I said this during the main presentation, I said, I'd never said it this way before, but it's true. It's I don't have an agency where I run marketing services for people, but this is kind of the next best thing to where I'm hands off from actually doing it with you. But you can bring your stuff to me as if I'm part of your team to look over stuff. And that's what that's a huge value of the program. And it's more than just a coaching program. It's a consultancy type of thing and we're starting to we're going to actually rebrand it here in the next month called the The wealthy coach accelerator is what I think I'm gonna rename it to same exact program it's gonna find growth accelerators gonna be called wealthy coach accelerator. So same exact thing. You guys will know when that happens. But the but the idea behind that is where I've provided the most value to people as everybody wants me to be writing their copy their sales letters, running their ads, doing all that but that takes a lot of time. And I don't want to run an agency business necessarily. I don't really enjoy doing that as a service. Oh, but it's not very fun for me, I've tried it before, and it's just, it drains me more than inspires me. So if I can provide at least the level of getting my eyes, my brain and helping you and your business as as much as possible without me actually pulling the levers or doing that, I do write copy for you, I'll throw it through chat GPT and write up a few headlines and give you a few recommendations on that. So I am providing a little bit of some copywriting service even just as part of the program

[1047:12] Speaker 0: to you. So yeah.

[1048:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Do you get lifetime access to the courses in the recording? No, you do not. It is while you pay as you get access to actually view the courses in the program. So that's another reason why you would you would stay on we did one offer that was lifetime access. And I don't think I'm ever going to do that again. But I also could change my mind. So

[1054:11] Speaker 4: Alright, everybody.

[1054:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks. Thank you for being here. Thanks for Thanks for joining us for these five days. You know, we got two more days of q&a for free for you guys. We got tomorrow at 11am. And then we got Tuesday at 2pm. That Central Time, tomorrow at noon Eastern Tuesday at 3pm. Eastern. And then for everybody else, you know where to find the accelerator. You guys will see the retargeting ads pop up on your newsfeed too. I'm sure you guys are starting to see them pop up. I'm gonna have a whole bunch of my my face on here telling you to jump in so you'll get the emails or you'll unsubscribe and never hear from me again. One of the two. That's your choice. Thanks for being here, everybody. You guys have been great. This has been such a great group. And I'll see y'all tomorrow. Have a good one.

