Start & Grow - Day 1 VIP
Date: 2023-01-26T05:33:00.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: Ilq35_YItgVLhqybYFQSEW0yw38
---

[4:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Welcome, welcome. How's everyone doing? How are you, Monica? Monica is from our client growth accelerator. Glad to have her here. Hi,

[8:57] Speaker 1: I'm doing good. How are you

[9:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: using? Una, they want I'm going to stream it into our client or the accelerator group for everybody else in there to, to watch as part of that group they get access to to the VIPs, which is cool. So let's see, share to group

[16:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right. So welcome. Welcome to the backstage pass the VIP. Thanks for being here. Listen, if you got any questions, raise your hands. Raise your hands if you got any questions. And then we will go from there. This is your time. So imagine that you're in a coaching group. And this is where you get coaching from and that you invested $10,000 to be here. What kind of question would you ask? Because that's how we need to see it as

[28:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody got any questions? Sophia. Hi, there. How are you?

[30:01] Speaker 3: I'm great. Oh, by the way, I'm Canadian, but I'm not a throat slasher. Okay.

[31:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll see. It's only if you're like, super nice is what it is. No, I'm not super nice. I just I just had a guy last week, he was just like, I'm the nicest person but like, I just, I've had a guy threaten to take me to court to jail and to Interpol, from Canada, who was also a Mr. Nice Guy. And honestly, just just the Mr. Nice Guy syndrome. I think it's a mental health issue.

[38:07] Speaker 3: You know what, it's a Hollywood construct. We're not nice.

[39:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, we're not supposed to be no. Act people to do and it's not even reality. Yeah,

[40:47] Speaker 3: it's somebody made it made it up in Hollywood now to stereotype but it's not true. They go they go. So I want your gut reaction to this. I'm Anna, I'm an energy healer. And I want to create a program where people can work through trauma and emotions through drawing, and I focus on insomnia. So my course title in my head is doodle to dream, a six week program to help you sleep. What do you think?

[49:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do think the title is a little confusing. Okay. I like the concept. Um, what's the what's the kind of the main reason though why somebody would, would do that with you? What's the what's the hook? What's the problem? What's the solution that you're leading them to?

[54:18] Speaker 3: The problem is insomnia. Okay. And usually people have tried a lot of things like I did. And then I, I read in my research that if you calm your nervous system down, you'll have a better chance of sleeping. And so I had a sketchbook and markers beside me and I started started doodling, and it calmed me down. And my books muted you by accident. There we go. Excellent. So I started doodling, and I found that it did calm me down and my sleep improved. And then it actually kind of made all the sleep aids I was taking work better. That's the idea. I don't know if there's a market for it. And

[67:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think there is a market just for the idea of like, listen, there's a market for anything when it comes to coaching. It's really about your ability, getting people in front of you and then closing the sale. And that's where most people miss it is they think there's not a market. There's definitely a market for that to make seven figures

[72:28] Speaker 3: easily. Well, let's get on it. Yeah.

[74:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: underwater basket weaving, maybe not? No. But there's there's definitely a market for people that want to or they have trouble sleeping. And what I would do is I would look at what are the other sleep aid companies, products and services that are out there. I mean, the headspace app is something that I use just for meditation to calm my nervous stumm before bed and so you can look at some of their sales copy, get more here, right here, I just literally, you don't need to reinvent the wheel. Here's half your copy right there. And then you tweak it and adjust it to fit what you're trying to do.

[85:30] Speaker 0: From headspace.com

[86:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, one of the biggest problems that people have is they're trying to be too original, and they're trying to be the one person with the one idea that nobody else has ever done before that doesn't exist. Now, what you can do is you can tell your story to your unique prospect in a way that they resonate with you versus somebody else. And that's how you build a business. That's how you make a six figure and a seven figure business.

[93:08] Speaker 3: So okay. So I picked insomnia, because it's a niche. Cool. I do have a lot of past clients who are artistic in many ways who wanted to increase their creativity. Cool. So would that be a that's another

[98:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: niche right there? Well, and I would take that a step further, increase your creativity so that you can make more money, do what you love, be happier and grow and your influence and income and sleep better, as well? No, those would be two separate niches, those would be two sets. So like the one would be like creatives, helping creatives unlock what's inside of them. Okay, you know, there's a there's a there's a multimillion dollar brand the artists way. Yes, yes.

[105:42] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah. And so,

[106:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, the truth is, everything's always been done before. I'm probably the last person on the planet to start teaching about coaching and courses, because seems like everybody's teaching that, right. Seems like everybody's teaching that. So how are we selling our programs, it's because of how we connect with our clients differently, and how we close the sale. The other side of it is it's, it's how we make sure that we're talking to the right prospect. If you're not taking talking to the right person, I have no interest in trying to convince somebody to like me, that doesn't. Right. So I want to talk to people that actually want the problem and they love connecting with me. And so that's a big part of it is to help people make that connection first. Yeah. Versus Hey, I have something for you by this thing.

[120:29] Speaker 3: Okay, can I just go back to when you said my title was confusing.

[121:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, doodles to dreams. It's it's, it's cute. I think it it could fit a if you are selling like a physical product on Amazon. I think we need to be a little more specific. As far as like what a coaching program is, is to like sleep better through art or or like an art bait. It's actually getting a little more boring with your title seems to convert better when it comes to the coaching and online course space. A lot of times trying to come up with these creative titles actually serves a negative to closing the sale in the coaching course business.

[131:36] Speaker 3: Okay, so what should I call it? Whatever you want.

[133:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could even use chat GPT or Jasper to say like some titles for courses and things like that. The biggest thing is as Monica just posted in the chat, the Cubs score. Is it confusing? Is it unbelievable? Is it boring? And so you want to make sure you want to make your copy be low on that is a confusing scale you want it to be low on is unbelievable. And you want it to be low on Is it boring scale. Okay. You want it to be low on that scale.

[140:54] Speaker 3: Okay, thanks. I hadn't heard of come. All right.

[142:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Spencer Spencer Iverson.

[143:11] Speaker 4: Awesome. Can you hear me? Okay? Yes. Fantastic. Well, first, thanks for the information. I am just getting started with my with my online coaching business. I have a long track record in the home based business industry. So when you mentioned Danny Johnson, very familiar with Danny Johnson, I've been in the homebase business space for 2530 years CEO of companies, you know, money earner, all that kind of stuff. So my following was strong. I just sold my last two companies as a CEO. So I have a big following. And I've been doing personal self development. For years, I transitioned into doing a lot of consultations for companies and someone suggested hey, look, man, you want to get into coaching and scale, you know your brand through online coaching. And so, in December I had my page built. My brand is called worthy of millions. And I used yesterday I've had that brand for years and I wanted to use it now as a brand for my online coaching because I'm not teaching you how to become a millionaire right there. There are a number of programs that already give you tools and strategies. You know how to be a YouTube influencer rent cars with Turo, Airbnb host, et cetera. But mindset development, you know, you've got the tools. But if your mind isn't right, you're not going to get to the other side of whatever the tool is that you've purchased or that you you're using. So I do a lot of personal self development, written books, all that kind of stuff. So my question to you now is, you know, I'm confused, right? I have not done any Facebook ads or any paid advertising because I want to hone in my message, I want to leverage my organic following first and tweak my message before I start spending money may be frivolously not, you know, really tapping into an expert like yourself and the online space. Right. So I'm really anxious to find out more about, you know, your, you know, your your, your advice about, you know, ad spend, you know, versus, you know, organic traffic to start scaling and building, you're building your list, and I want to do high ticket, right, as well.

[176:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. How big is your email list that you're marketing to right now?

[178:44] Speaker 4: I really haven't scaled to that large. I have, you know, I've maxed out my Facebook following, but I've got email list in the hundreds of 1000s from companies founded in the past, I have not again, you know, I believe

[182:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: opening engaging and listening to you and hanging on every single word you say currently today? I believe they are Yeah. You believe they are? Yeah, they are. Okay. Yeah. So then great launch an offer and send it to all of them and test out what feedback you get. Okay. What's the what's the, what's the question? Well, the

[188:56] Speaker 4: question was more so about the ads, right? You know, again, because again, once I started doing one query, then you know that Instagram just kills you with, you know, the, the algorithm of all of the everyone doing group coaching, I was attracted to you. Because you seem to be really, really direct. And that's how I am. Okay. So I was at the point now, okay, maybe I need to start doing adspend. But I believe in measuring twice, cutting once, right. So let me first maybe. So you said a lot of the things tonight that I believed they look, use your audience to tell you what they want, and then create the product. Now I've already kind of made a mistake. I've already built out six modules, their own school, you know, you can, you know, so that products built out. But I can enhance it, though, based on what you see here tonight, by getting the feedback and if someone says, Hey, listen, I want something that's specific on whatever, I can now create additional modules that can complement my existing course offering and make it make the value the value add even stronger. If you have

[205:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: an existing email list that's engaging, I would have some kind of a virtual event that you would run with like a two to four week runway, so that you can really like get it out to people and let them know over a long tail, that this is happening. And that this is going to be like the greatest thing since sliced bread that you've ever done in the last 25 years, something like that, get them on there and have some kind of action that they take, that will qualify them for the next step for the program, you'll install the Facebook pixel and the conversion API to actually track those people when they take that action. So then if you can get 1000 People taking a specific action, as simple as just clicking to another landing page itself, a second landing page, if you can get 1000 people to click on that landing page, you can build what's called a lookalike audience of those 1000 people. And that will be your measure twice, run once strategy. Okay. Okay. So you'll be able to build your look alike audience off of your organic, and then you run ads off of that. And you've already set yourself up with the most laser focused audience as possible. Now, if you don't get 1000 people into that, there's a few other ways that you can do stuff. Um, one thing that you will find for me, is I am probably the opposite of Measure twice. Act once I'm more like ready fire aim and like very reckless.

[228:33] Speaker 4: supply it. Yeah, but what I pardon, build the plane as you fly it.

[229:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, build the parachute as you're jumping out of the plane. Yeah. And so that's kind of the approach that I take, because you can bootstrap it from any level to that. And really, the process of the coaching online course business, the algorithms moves so fast on social media, that by the time you build it, like specifically, it's all changed. So that's why we're getting feedback running these virtual events. And then we build whatever your next thing that you launch next month is, is already based off of data that's proven to work. The fact that you do have that organic audience is great. And I would definitely utilize that to start we did this with my mom for her stocks for Group, she had a ton of organic traffic and her email list is super responsive. And so we were able to send this to a stocks webinar, we built a look alike audience off of that she's getting leads for $1.50 with Facebook ads, and she's been running the same webinar for three months straight, we're finally going to mix it up next month and get that going. But that's been that's been growing her business and her bottom line as well doing that, starting with the organic and then using the Facebook pixel actions to build those look alike audiences.

[247:55] Speaker 4: I got one more last quick question. I want to hog your time, but my website is I am worthy of millions.com It's an affirmation so I talk a lot about affirmations I am worthy of making stuff calm. And right now I have a video only price. And then I have the VIP which gives you more you know of Spencer Iverson. I like the page. It looks good. Thank you. And so when I do my when I do my group, right and I do the live, you know the free session. Should I ever offer a promo code hate for you guys only just because you'd hate put in this promo code? Should I ever discount my offer to this select Group? Because, you know,

[258:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, yeah, it's up to you. I did for my group. Initially, before I started running ads, because I wanted to get some clients in there. I'll say this, though. This is kind of funny. When I launched my group coaching program, I offered a discount to that group, though, about 30% of those people who took that discount have been the biggest pain in my ass. And they were longtime followers. Yeah. And like they've just been like complete dick quads, literally. And if they're watching this, I don't care. But the people who actually then paid full price they've been amazing dream amazing clients.

[268:35] Speaker 4: Yeah, people who pay pay attention, right? So

[269:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I found is directly correlated to the least amount of money people pay the one the more entitlement and the worse their attitude is. It's funny. Hey, thank you for them. And I appreciate it. Yeah. All right. Let's see here, Victor.

[273:20] Speaker 0: Hey, thanks for the for the show that you did earlier. Yeah, I have a little bit of the same question that Spencer had, which is I kind of get the content, the content part of the whole ramping thing makes a lot of sense. But then when you get to the implementation, exactly how much money am I gonna need for Facebook ads in my budget for your program? But the second thing is, I used to do Facebook ads, and the the notion of doing pixels and lookalike audiences just gives me this migraine headache, that that's not my part of the strategy. So do I use like oDesk, Upwork Fiverr, or one of those only? Yeah, things to get somebody to do the implementation?

[286:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I would definitely recommend having you bring somebody in that does the implementation. We have a gal that we work with. I like online jobs.ph. and the Philippines, really great people that work there. And they got I have a gal who I have in my coaching group that helps assist people set up their pixels and all of that. And so she kind of does like one offs to help people set that type of stuff up, which is super cool. So there is that that I give access to people when they're in the coaching group and kind of access to different other vendors that we work with landing page people, stuff like that. But yeah, I would recommend just using some of these outsourcing systems now the budget to start what we used to say five to $10 a day that's changed. If you add up five to $10 a day, it's essentially 150 to 300 a month. And so that's become sort of the new number for the budget is basically about 150 to $300 per campaign minimum, once it's converting profitably. Oh, and by the way, that goal is to basically make back that 150 to 300. Right? It's kinda like, Okay, you lose 150 bucks. I'm not crying at the end of the day, if I make it back, that's amazing. If I double it, that's even awesome. I'm gonna now spend three times that on the next campaign, I'm gonna spend 1000. And I can triple that, quadruple that Yeah, and so that's where we that's where we've gotten to now with ours. We spend, we only spend about five grand a month on ads right now for my business, putting in a 20x row ass a 20x return on that, which is really cool. So well, if you're cashflow positive 30x On this one,

[312:24] Speaker 0: I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, if you're cash positive, you can scale. Yes. Back in Yes, yes. And

[314:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the goal is basically to make back 200% of the ad spend within 30 days. Okay, if you can make back 200% of your ad spend in 30 days, you can scale infinitely, right. And that's really that's that's the goal. And we're like blowing that out of the water. I'm like, I have the brakes on our business right now because we have the newborn. And I have to like, yeah, because we're making so much on our husband. It's like, why don't I crank up the ads? Because I don't know if I can handle the influx of new clients right now, until we're hiring two or three new people here the next month or so. To ramp stuff up, which is cool. So cool. Yeah, that's good answer. Thank you. Yeah, but that's online. jobs.com. Online. jobs.ph. pH. Okay. Yeah. Cool. All right.

[330:19] Speaker 5: P. That's prep G, and sometimes it doesn't come through.

[332:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you doing? Good? Did I spell it right?

[333:54] Speaker 5: br a, b, h, the H and the br

[334:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I got around. A PR A?

[335:32] Speaker 5: I'm not one of those people. I know. I've been with you all forever. But I'm not one of those pain in the butt people. Oh, I know. I know. I'm just letting everybody know, because everybody probably knows I'm probably I

[338:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: know I sound really like I sound really jaded by it. It's just I It's true, though. It's been in the last week or so especially.

[340:44] Speaker 5: Yeah, no, no, it's true. It's I the same thing with my company. Yeah, the people that got the cheapest prices always are the biggest pain. And it doesn't make a difference to the industry. So when I was selling real estate, and I was selling $150,000 houses, those people were the biggest pain and and the nasty is people that call you every single day. And that you sell somebody a $2 million house and see how easy they are? And how much more money you're clearly making on a $2 million dollar house than a $50,000. House. You so yeah, no, it doesn't make a difference to the industry. everybody's the same. As you says the beauty industry is the same. But here's the thing I was gonna say to you, it looks like to me based on what I understand. It's all about speed of implementation. And and maybe what 300 or $400 ad spend, and one start to get an one week lead time, right? So if I so so today, weeks lead

[355:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: time is great, too, if you can, sorry. Two weeks, two weeks lead time is good. Two

[356:55] Speaker 5: is better. So, so I'm gonna I'm gonna get with my ads guy tomorrow, we have everything ready. So I'm gonna go ahead and then do a two week lead. I'm going to start the campaign tomorrow normally means that it should become active sometime tomorrow, and then just get it going. And then and then you're saying, but but the dates for two weeks out? Yeah, right. Yeah. Okay. So gives me two weeks to get people in there.

[363:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that'll that'll help you. And, and that's why I was telling our coaching group this a week and a half ago to to what you were saying about the pricing thing. It's it's a boundary and a self worth issue that you don't charge enough? Yes. Because you don't have boundaries on what you're willing to accept. You're wanting people to use you and abuse you for whatever price that basically you're willing to whore yourself out at as a cheap as being the cheapest option. So don't be the cheapest option, raise your prices.

[373:11] Speaker 5: And here's the thing, if somebody asked you about prices, because they don't feel they have enough value,

[374:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? They had to recognize the value. Exactly.

[375:24] Speaker 5: That's right. They recognize it because they don't understand the value. And that becomes an issue of the value proposition. Yeah, value is so big people will give you whatever you want. Because they'll say Oh, this is such a steal. He's getting what we're what I'm getting, I pay, I feel like I'm paying. Look, Tesla has increased their prices, and people are still paying them. Why? Because the value is so much higher. Right? It's so so it doesn't make a difference. MacBooks Apple, whatever it is, it's expensive. The phone, Apple phones are expensive, much cheaper, much more expensive than Android. and why? Because the value proposition. And so it's always about the value. If you bring the value to the table, people will pay whatever it is. And that's the reason I know you're about being free challengers. And I just don't know if I want to do a free channel even if they do

[388:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: do paid one. Yeah, do $1 $7 I'm gonna change mine to being $7.27 $47 Live event here later this year. The reason I've been doing it free is just to get more feedback. No, no, no

[392:38] Speaker 5: feedback. And this is what you said to me. We afford to do the same thing. That's why I'm going to do the free just so I can get a bunch of people in there. And the other thing about it is I can then put it on Craigslist and do it because I'm using other options for mine because I'm doing career related, right? So I'm not just doing just Facebook ads. I'm gonna feed people from Craigslist. You're gonna think crazy. I get so many people through Craigslist. Wow. Nice. Yeah. And then people end up paying because

[400:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the tight that because you just go where the people are for your offer and you make them more offers.

[401:25] Speaker 5: And I'm even doing Groupon. You're gonna hear something crazy. I'm doing Groupon and Groupon. I put the price higher and then they just give me 50% I don't care. I'm getting leads for free.

[403:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: They go.

[404:48] Speaker 5: Isn't that nuts? I love what you say Groupon is still a thing. It is. I know, it's crazy that Groupon still exist, but it does. And and there's and there's no harm because it costs you nothing to put it up there.

[407:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Yeah.

[408:32] Speaker 5: Okay, absolutely. Thank you so much. I was like, Yeah.

[409:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anybody else got any more questions? We're just 30 minutes into this again, you got me for another half hour or so. I tell my group I say be greedy with the questions. There's, there's people that are willing to ask the questions, and they get the most value out of it. There's no such thing as a silly question.

[414:36] Speaker 6: Hi, Jeremiah. Hey, how's it going? Very well, thank you. I don't sell fear, overwhelm. But yeah, when everybody talks, these guys, you know, I've been in the industry, I'm new to online business, I have trained as life coach and all that. And I'm focusing on helping people with limiting beliefs, reducing anxiety and having fulfilment in their endeavors. So I know that it comes up like a crowded space, you know, but going through your stuffs, your podcasts, your videos, and all the I mean, I think I've been on your VIP for like, 243 of your programs. But my, my question is, I know you're going to answer in the next few days. How, how do I create, like, for me to create my email list, I do have to start doing video content the way you do?

[432:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the best way to grow your email list and to reach your goal to make six and seven figures in a coaching business is to do live video events like this and you have people sign up with their email address, it's just you don't have to work as hard, it's the result is exponentially greater for the amount of effort that you put in, versus any other form of marketing that we've found. Okay. And then eventually, when you dial it in, let's say you're doing okay, I've done the same one, like three or four times I said the same thing, then you can turn it into an evergreen and just have people opt in to an autopilot, like a recorded webinar or something like that, what were a lot of times people, beginners make mistakes with the webinar thing. And all that is their webinars just not that good. It's not closing the sale, it's not really connecting with people to actually get them to buy. And so when you do it live a couple of times, you can dial in your messaging dial in the hook, make sure that you're getting the right people on the call, make sure that you're getting the right people listening to you, and you're really able to hand pick who is going to show up for your event, you get to really handpick that I what I try to do is I try to look at okay, who's in my group coaching program? And then how can I find a ton more of those people that are exactly like those that I'm having a great time that are that have already spent money with me. And then I make offers, basically to my existing clients before I've met them. So I'm thinking of okay, who like Monica is an existing client that we have? And I say, okay, how can I find 100 More Monica's by running a Facebook ad? How can I find 100 More prop jitsu? 100 more RBAs people that are in our group coaching program. Okay. So then you you, you provide value you do teaching you do training, you're basically giving people a sample of what your coaching is, by you being here. You're getting a sample of what working in our, our coaching program is like, yeah, by doing that, okay. Okay. And so that's what you do is you give a sample to people of what it's like to work with you. It's kinda like you're giving people like a first glass or a first sip on the house, and then they got to pay for the next one. And really, they love it so much. They just they, they, they, they go with you to the next step.

[473:23] Speaker 6: All right, thank you so much.

[474:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Ursula.

[476:14] Speaker 7: Hello, everyone. Hi. So, Jeremiah, I've been listening to your use workshops since last Saturday. I think the 13th And I am so new to this world. So I'm excited and overwhelmed. But I don't Okay. Yeah. So overwhelmed. But I do realize that listening to your limiting beliefs that resonate every time I listen to your podcast, I literally go to sleep with it on my phone in my head, so I'm feeling that unlocking coming. And I'm, that's the exciting part of it. So I became a newly life coach, and I'm still trying to figure out my niche. But I'm thinking about working with adult children of immature parents.

[493:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's great. I love it. Okay, I would have been one of those clients.

[494:31] Speaker 7: Really? Oh, yeah. Okay, this is good to know, because I would have been a client of myself as well, because

[497:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: trust me, my, my mom and dad, were they they were very immature, as parents raising us. And yeah, I'm not making the same mistakes. They did. Exactly. I was just talking to my mom on the phone about this, she's like, you know, like, you don't just let the baby like, cry it out and say get over it grow up. He's not 10 years old. Right? You know, like, whereas that is like, what I was raised.

[504:20] Speaker 7: Exactly. And, um, I too, had the same kind of upbringing, as far as in the church. You really, really are hitting nerves with me, but in a good way, because it's making me boo. Well, let

[507:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: me give you let me give you a hint to something part of what's going to help you attract the clients, as a lot of your clients are going to resonate with you and your story, and where you've been and what you've walked through. And the breakthroughs that you've come out of, they're going to resonate with that. And the connection that they make that that's going to help you sell better, is that connection, that it goes deeper than just surface level knowledge information, it gets into the heart. And when your information gets into the heart, it brings transformation. And when you can learn to connect with people on the heart level, not just a head level, it changes everything, especially when it comes to you selling and growing your coaching business.

[517:28] Speaker 7: I totally believe you. I was so motivated listening to you from the first, what was it two weeks ago. And I remember you said, no matter how it feels, how uncomfortable you are, you have to show up on video with your social medias. So I did that on one of my tic TOCs. And I had so many views, and it was talking about immature parents.

[524:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nice. I love that that's a great place for that niche.

[524:56] Speaker 7: Exactly. And so my question is, my, one of my friends who's been into the coaching, she realizes what I'm trying to get into. But she also said, Well, why don't you also work with something that you're really good at. So here in the city that I live in, in Atlanta, I've done so many wellness events, and I don't know anything about yet about copy and marketing. And this was from five, six years ago, up until now, I can get people to come to my events, man, some of them don't even know me. And you know, I feel like this whole soccer field half a soccer field of people that come to a yoga event. So I'm wondering how can I marry the two? Or should I leave it separate? Or? That's the big question I have in my head right now.

[541:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I guess I'm having trouble tracking you said, people from a soccer or you lost me when you were taking me on a path of like, where you found these people.

[543:12] Speaker 7: So I found these people because I used to be a fitness instructor. Okay, so I just put out on Facebook one day, hey, I'm having this yoga event. I want you all to come and join me. And I even told everybody to wear a white top and I gotcha. You know, so they're listening. It's just me honing in. But I realized I'm really good at that with wellness events. So I don't know, because I've married the to a lot

[550:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: of people who grew up with immature parents really are gravitate towards wellness. Ah, so I mean, I think combining the two is great. I think you really could whole person health.

[553:42] Speaker 7: Okay, yeah, definitely. I love it. Yep. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah, I'm in it for the long haul. I've signed up for all these days and I'm so excited. So I love that. Hey, Spencer.

[559:34] Speaker 4: Hey, buddy. One more Quick question. And it's more about, you know, resource and time allocation, right? You mentioned about YouTube and your podcasts. And so, again, I've been so focused on content and building my email list. You know, What time would you think that I need to spend right now and focusing on, you know, YouTube, I was thinking about taking little snippets of my content of actually the masterclass worthy of millions masterclass. And you instead of creating new content, just for YouTube, you know, create some context around and then drop a clip. Right, you know, but how much time should be focused on peripheral? You know, you know, social media sources like Instagram and YouTube, versus building the, you know, your existing content. So I'm kind of divided, you know, with that,

[571:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I have not had much experience or success. From I've had clients and people asking me, like, can you clip old content and turn that into stuff, and we can use and stuff that works inside the network marketing industry, I haven't seen it work outside of network marketing, or in the coaching space, because a lot of people really like if it's, they can tell if it's old, I would put your old content out there that you have just so it's out there. But then whether it be once a week, or once a month, have some kind of a new piece of material that people haven't heard from you to where you sit down and show up. And one of the biggest things when it comes to time allocation is getting to the place where, again, I don't know you that much, but to where you might be able to speak without needing a lot of prep time. Do you need a lot of prep time before you speak? Go? So yeah, so and I only spent about five to 10 minutes prepping before I speak. And so it's really just pressing record. And now you got a new piece of content, and you just you just put that in as like a meeting in your calendar once a month or once a week to do that. And then the goal is at the end of that and always will lead to some kind of an action where they're like, Hey, listen, go take my whatever you call it. I'm thinking like, I am made for millions, but I know that's not what it is. Worthy of millions. William worthy of millions. Yeah. Yeah.

[594:40] Speaker 4: Don't don't I want to make sure I phrased my question properly. I was talking about taking snippets of my actual masterclass that I recently shot. Yeah, almost like a trial before you buy it. Right. And if you're so if you'd like I was I

[598:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: would make those for YouTube shorts. Oh, yes. Okay. Yeah, I would do it for YouTube shorts. Throw in the US captions that AI and create some of those captions. Okay, that does they have one it's a it's called her mosey so it makes it remote Alex or mosey style. That's like I have a whole bunch of these right here. And I have, I have an editor that just takes each of the little videos that I do each week, I just walk around my neighborhood and talk about a specific topic. So that's how I make my pretty much all of my YouTube content is just me walking around my neighborhood talking about a topic. I got a little selfie stick and my podcast is the same way. I started doing that for my podcast.

[609:03] Speaker 4: Perfect. That's awesome. Thank you so much, man.

[610:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so So in that I got somebody that just edits clips those down. And that's interesting. We've gotten actually quite a bit of traction, some new people on my YouTube, I recently started doing this, I wouldn't say it's a strategy I've been doing for a long time. But we're starting to get some traction from these YouTube shorts, which is really cool. So awesome. More so than Instagram and Tiktok. I barely get more than 50 to 100 views on those platforms. But YouTube short seems to do really well for the coaching content. So definitely do that.

[617:57] Speaker 0: Perfect. Thank you. All right. Probe sheets.

[619:00] Speaker 5: Thank you so much. So I my question, I had to go to your my story and break through. So here's a question I have for you is that I of course want to share my story. And I think it's really important. So people know that, you know, and they come with a silver spoon in that what's my background? What are you there? myself? Oh, sorry. Is there such a thing as oversharing your story? Right, like, I should just hit the the the main points, right? Like, you know, my mom passed away when I was young. You know, I was in a 10 year marriage and she cheated on me. I mean, and not to make it sound like a like a timeline. Right. Like, and then it sounds like it's too, you know, it's like, I'm just checking off boxes, right? Like, this is what happened in my life. Right?

[633:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You're, you're turning your sales pitch into a therapy session.

[635:32] Speaker 5: And nobody wants to know your problems. You know, I mean, like, I think yeah, exactly. Exactly. So I guess that's my question for you. How do you tell your story in a succinct way, but you're saying question in a positive way so that people can understand And that you too have been through it. Yeah, you're moving fucking through this situation and you're gonna do whatever it takes, I got

[642:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: it, I got it. So you're talking to a chronic oversharer, that is a recovering oversharer that has gotten in a lot of trouble from oversharing and has over shared and had to learn, okay, I am responsible for every word, I say, I am responsible for how people do perceive me. And so I mentioned like, you can't be worried what other people think about you. There's a juxtaposition, too, you are responsible for how people perceive you. And if you can hold both of those together, you could do really well, to where you to where you're mindful, but you're not letting it be fearful. Right? Yeah, mindful, but not fearful. And, and for me, I've gotten I actually got better by listening to other people, other leaders share their stories. So I listened to podcasts. And I was like, okay, these people got a similar background to me, they grew up, how do they share it, I noticed this, every one of them always like, a lot of honor towards their parents. You know, I mean, that's the thing, like, I believe my parents did the best they could. Now my mom is also pretty transparent about it and talks about growing up. So I share a little more than most people would that, hey, it was not a very good situation growing up. But with that, like, I don't need to go into the details of what that looks like. I don't need to go into the details of what I did. Like I used to go into a lot of details about how I was addicted to alcohol and partying and what I would do on parties and what I would do with women in the hotel rooms. I mean, I don't need to tell you guys that. Right, right. Like even sharing what I just did just now is a little bit oversharing to some people like that was the lifestyle that I was living. I was trying to live out Let's rap music video fantasy. to basically find myself worth in the party scene when I was DJing, 1112 years ago. Yeah, my DJ life. Exactly. And so, because I would, I would I would DJ at the clubs here in Austin. And you know, it was just like, that was that scene. But like, I don't share a lot of that anymore. Because here's what it is. It doesn't contribute to the goal that I'm getting toward to it. If part of my story doesn't actually contribute to the goal that I have, then I'll I'll omit it. Now, there's a lot of people who are like, Well, isn't that a crime of omission, right? Well, no, you don't need to, like tell everybody everything about what has happened in your life. They just don't care. True. They don't care. There are certain parts of my life that like I don't share with people. One thing that I'm even starting to share, and I haven't talked about a lot, is I stopped drinking alcohol a year and a half ago. But and I don't not, I don't share it because I don't need everybody to quit drinking alcohol to be successful. You know, I don't need that to be like a big part. And honestly, I had a big problem with alcohol. I was drinking way too much. It was it was affecting my mental health and my ability to be a leader and build my business. I think it's one of the biggest reasons why I also struggled to grow my business during some of that season after working with my mom was my drinking problem. Yep, you know, and so but I'm beginning to start to share that in in opportunities like this, here's what I found is when you when you're in like VIP and like backstage stuff, or there's people that know you more, I'll open up a little bit more. And I can gauge the reaction that I get. I used to happen. I don't even remember what the story is. There was a story that I used to tell. And I could guarantee you every single person I told the story to would block me on social media and never talk to me again after I shared it. Oh, wow, no matter who they were, and I created this victim narrative that I can't share my story with anybody because they all reject me. Well, that was because of how I was sharing the story was just really like, work. Yeah, so So there's so there's that and it's just is it contributing to the goal of I like a statement that Jordan Belfort also uses it's called The Truth well told. So you tell your story in a light that basically like you're crafting this narrative, and you're designing it in the best possible light, it's the truth, but you're crafting it in a way that really looks good or sounds good. And, and that's what I like to pull into, like, what is my storytelling that I'm actually sharing with people? And is it contributing to them? Do they have a shared story with that and they don't have a shared story? Like most of my clients don't have a shared story of DJ life partying and doing drugs downtown, like every night like so that doesn't contribute to the mix of like, establishing myself in my business. Okay, now at the same time, some people might See sort of like all the video games and stuff that I have like that's oversharing in some way, it's okay. I do it more as a as a way to, this is my space where I feel at my best. And I've even correlated a lot of the way that I teach coaching is tied to role playing video games. We talked about this in our in our meeting today, that the series I have three different like versions of The Legend of Zelda series here behind me. And a lot of what I teach people to do is very similar to that kind of video game narrative where you're gonna go out there on the hero's journey, and you're gonna learn new skills and select when I tell you probably do a three day challenge that's like you going into a dungeon and like slaying the dragon. Like, that's kind of how I teach, right? And so it helps get me into the best state of mind, and the best way of teaching when I'm around an atmosphere like this. And so really, this is purely selfishly, for me, because I feel at my best when I'm around video games.

[737:09] Speaker 5: And I tell you one thing that Jeremiah, I think the reason I feel so comfortable with you, and I feel comfortable to share all these things, because I have other coaches, but they're still like, you know, well known. And there's so you know, and I felt nervous to ask a question, because I felt so right, like, because there were I epitomized them to a certain level, right. And I remember, you know, my I was my turn to ask a question on the Zoom call, and my heart was beating out of my head. And I didn't know what to say, right? When you're I feel comfortable. It's all because I've probably known you for so many years, but probably that too. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But I also will say that you've normalized yourself, that you honestly have given for me, it has made me feel normal with you. Because I do think the purpose of the story is to normalize yourself, so people can understand relatable, yeah, that you have the same problems. They do have the same issue they do. You just made a conscious decision and took action. Right? That's really the difference. And then what were those action steps? And then that's where the coaching comes in. Right? Right. And I think that is what makes people feel like, if he can do it, I can do it, too. And he's gonna help me.

[756:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I learned that from Danny Johnson. I learned that from her. That was one of the biggest things I learned for her her biggest thing was, keep it simple people's question is, is it simple? Does it work? Can I do it? Yep. And so what I want people to see is, is it simple. When we show how to use chat, GPT, and Jasper, it's simple to map out your niche, your niche and your course and toss the ball around with the artificial intelligence to test out offers. And to write the offer copy. And then from there, I I end up showing people does it work? Okay, I show client case studies that show our business, I demonstrate how you can build this into a funnel. Everybody knows that funnels work. But the reason why that they don't work for most people is their their sales copy is just off. It's their sales copy and the way that they're walking people down the path and leading them to take action. And so those would be the two things that really like if we're in the client growth accelerator. That's what we spend the most time focusing on. Is your sales copy. And iterating through okay, we're going to look at the results. How did this respond? What kind of feedback did you get? And then okay, how many days do you have? Are you doing this? One of the a lot of the biggest things that people are dealing with in the client growth accelerator is just paralysis of analysis. Is you get paralyzed by Monica is laughing Yes, I'm talking about you actually to

[779:48] Speaker 1: die. Now. I'm panicking on a thread, panicking after my first email send, like, like I have. I have, you know, 1000s of

[782:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you guys get, you can tell like, it's like a family and the group there. Yeah. Like how Monica like I'm literally talking about her in a not so positive light. And she's actually laughing about it,

[784:53] Speaker 1: literally panicking in there. But you know, that's the thing, though, is that group is such a safe space, and everybody has either gone through it or is going through it for the first time and we just support each other so freaking much. It's ridiculous.

[788:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. So it's this Facebook group right here every client gets access to and you can post your offers and your copy and what you're dealing with and it's amazing.

[790:40] Speaker 1: Wait, Jeremy so what were you gonna say about me? Go ahead.

[791:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I forget because it got funny.

[792:08] Speaker 1: It's something about print. Sorry, you something about people are doing a lot of people

[793:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: deal with paralysis analysis because they just, they're, they're stuck in their head. At the stage of actually taking action. I would say everybody that's in our coaching group kind of knows what they need to take action on as their next step. But it's like, Okay, what's keeping us stuck? And it's the message of I always tell people you need to release your brakes. You need to Let go of and release your brakes is actually a book that was written by a guy a long time ago, if you have a chance to listen to it, I do recommend it. It's hard to find James Newman release your brakes. It's probably one of the one of the better books on the topic. And it's a little it's actually a very little known personal development book that I found through a sort of ambiguous kind of crazy man on social media and then Dan Pena. And those of you who know Dan Pena, he I love

[809:03] Speaker 5: how you call them a crazy man.

[809:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: He is a crazy man, though he really is.

[810:35] Speaker 1: I love how you always find the good crazies, though

[811:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do. But I put, I actually have gotten a lot of value from Dan's content. But he refers everybody to this book right here as the foundation. And it was one of the biggest things that helped me is this idea of, you're basically holding on to a brake pedal in your life, and preventing the momentum from happening and you have to actually let go of the brake pedal, and let the sort of the roller coaster of your life go. And that's where a lot of people are at is we we actually know what we need to do. But you need to sort of just release the brake, let go of the brake, pull the ripcord

[820:30] Speaker 1: Yeah, and also be scared. It is like even me panicky, like I sent my first email ever, ever to a very small list. And I did not even realize that I was like, like, going through the process of panicking about it. But that's the thing. The crazy thing about it is I am, were you nobody really knows me in here. But typically, I'm a fly and figured on the way down, jump off the cliff. I am excited to take new jobs every other part of your life and every other part. But until I actually did this, which was part of my work, and something that was extremely hung up on, I just did not realize how much my belief system how many deep rooted stuff that I have to acknowledge, because I wasn't aware of it until I took the actionable step. But luckily, I have the client growth accelerator. Because I leave like in live time was like, I think I'm fine. No, I'm not fine. Like I was going through this whole thing and I got the support that thing. Oh my gosh, I was so stressed out I cannot even tell you and it just like snow router you

[837:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: though for posting in there. Like while you were even going through it? Because I think it actually I think it unlocked something in a number of the members too.

[839:29] Speaker 1: I hope so because I was actually I don't get embarrassed very often. Like it really takes a lot for me to do to get to that point. But afterwards, I went this whole thread where Jeremiah he was like responding to me supporting me like, you know, give me answers. And all of a sudden, like when I got to the end of this big thread I was like wow, that was embarrassing. Like I actually panicked in real time and I about this publicly. Yeah. Literally.

[846:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Honestly, you did great. It was a it was a very humble real situation you were going through was I love our group so much you're able to walk you kind of through that was what I what I said was there's the panic comes from, there's something in your body your past experience is trying to protect you from this feeling of panic.

[850:56] Speaker 1: I had I had in my stomach Nigel's anxiety and other levels, but I've never dealt with like feeling it in a certain body type. And I had like, it wasn't butterflies, I was just seriously stressed out and yeah, but I overcame that

[855:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you overcome it. That's the thing. See, see. I'm gonna take a class and we got to have a growth mindset. We can't say stuck, say, Okay, I had this trauma that happened to me and it's like, Okay, have a kumbaya session and talk about your woes. Like that's not going to help anybody. Yeah, we have to also grow. We can't let what tried to break us define our future. Now listen, I do say this, and I agree with it. I don't think that grief has a timeline. I don't think we need to rush our healing. You know, we don't need to rush our healing. Grief is large. There are moments though, where we are procrastinating our healing. And that's what we need to take responsibility for.

[865:36] Speaker 1: Well, I'm a therapist now.

[865:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there you go. Yeah, I'm not progressing. Funny, I have this belief that you don't need a therapist for life. There's these people. I don't only go to a therapist, like forever, but I think for a season it's super helpful to just like work through okay, why am I physically incapable of taking action. Two years ago, I was physically incapable of launching a group coaching program. I was terrified to do so I made 1000 excuses as to why I couldn't. And it all boiled down to it all boiled down to I felt like I couldn't handle the stress and pressure of all these people pulling on me. Because I knew as soon as I launched it, it would go to almost 200 People in six months, which were right out I think we've had over 200 Join and we have 175 active right now.

[878:29] Speaker 1: Well, I think sometimes you just don't know what you don't know until you're you're there like I would have never like I was so bad. Apple like, genuinely baffled that, that I have these beliefs that I you just don't know until you get there and being able to be okay with that and create the space for it and still still, like, go forward and be like, you know, I'm gonna try again, even though it was uncomfortable, or even like launching my first free event that did not go according as planned, it was a much smaller group than what oh, yeah, but I've made the decision to show up, regardless, just so I can get information. And just so I could practice and I was okay with that. Mm hmm.

[888:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I tell everybody, this when you do a live event, when you do any kind of a freebie offer. And by the way, what I'm about to say is like, gonna be gold. For some of you, your first step that you're actually trying to sell people on is just showing up and consuming that piece of free content. Like you're not even worried about them actually buying what you're pitching on the end, the goal is for them just to show up and consume that free content. Because if you can't get them to show up to consume the free content, or the paid content or the upgrade content, you're not going to get them to hear your sales pitch. So that's the first step is just getting people to take action in some way and growing in your ability to influence that. And that's what we help coach people with in our group coaching.

[900:13] Speaker 1: And remember to make the offer people because I got to

[900:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: make the offer you can't.

[901:48] Speaker 1: And I said nothing. So that was something

[902:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got to ask the sales question. Take the last question here from Ursula, then we're going to log off here for tonight. Good thing, we got more days of this. Listen, I'm excited. I'm excited for what's coming up. I'm excited for tomorrow. To answer your questions. It's gonna be great. First of all, what is the

[906:40] Speaker 1: is the client graphics printer? Is that open?

[907:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, the waiting. It just has the waiting list right now.

[908:34] Speaker 7: Okay. Yeah. Ursula, I've heard you mentioned about a hero's journey. And then you mentioned it again tonight. So can you explain that? Yeah, yeah.

[912:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the hero's journey is a is more of a an archetypical concept about stories and mythology, and the mono myth, which is basically the hero. And the journey that the hero goes on. If you think about Star Wars is a great example of this. Luke Skywalker is the hero. And he has this call to adventure. He meets Obi Wan Kenobi. His whole family dies. And so now he's going through the trials and temptations, he's learning to fight against the dark side, Darth Vader grow in his power of the Force. And he transforms into a Jedi Knight and returns. So basically rescue whatever the next stage of that story is. I've watched Star Wars so many times, but it's funny. So the hero's journey is basically any story of Frodo from Lord of the Rings, same thing. He's out there, Gandalf shows up, he's this eight, he's got his band of friends. They go to Mordor and, and he grows and realizes that the power of of life is not just found in the ring, but rather in fellowship with friends, you know? And so what are these narratives? What are these stories, when we're marketing our products, services and coaching programs, we're telling the hero's journey back to our client, our client is the hero and their own narrative story. Every single coach, every single course creator that I work with, is a potential hero or is already a hero in their own way. And then they want to learn new skills. They want to go through different challenges, they need a mentor, they feel this call to adventure like, I'm looking, I'm just I'm looking at Spencer here so much success, I can tell at it, you got this, you got another season, you're going into you feel this call to adventure to go to another level. And so now that's your next stage of your hero's journey. And, and truthfully, it's going to transform you as you go through this. And you make seven figures from coaching.

[947:14] Speaker 0: But I can add just one more little thing to that. Yeah, totally. It was created by one of the founders of positive psychology, Joseph Campbell. Yeah. And so if you look up Joseph Campbell, he's huge unquote, huge on positive psychology. So there's a place to get it from.

[951:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, awesome. Yeah, it's funny, I haven't started I need to actually read here over 1000 faces. I haven't. I've more studied like movies and film and video games and those type of storylines. And then I correlate it to like, every single one of our coaching programs is a hero's journey story, right? You can actually use chat GPT to actually map out the hero's journey story of of any coaching program out there. Like let's say for instance, we do You hormone testing right here, okay? You can literally put this map out a hero's journey outline for the clients of this webinar. The clients experiencing stress and feelings of being overwhelmed, they're searching for a solution. From the call to adventure, they come across an advertisement or a webinar for hormone testing. So literally, this is marketing right here. The refusal of the call, they have skepticism, they're not sure how effective it is, but they ultimately decide to register for the webinar. When they attend. They learned from the speaker, a mentor, the role of hormones on stress, and the decide to take action, they sign up for testing, they go through a process of testing and evaluation encountered challenges and resistance with themselves and others, they reach a point of deeper understanding and insight. They take steps to implement and change their lifestyle and they experience positive changes. They continue the program and maintain their hormone balance. They reach a place of balance harmony and better understanding and they experience it and move forward and hopefully potentially help others on their same journey.

[978:50] Speaker 0: And then And then guess who Jeremiah goes to the coaches Hall of Fame.

[981:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is what I'm saying though, is every coaching program can be mapped to the hero's journey. And so your offers are the hero's journey. You're you're putting an advertisement out there to make a call to adventure to your hero. And that's what your sales pages. That's what your landing pages over at my website right here. This is my call to adventure to coerce creators and coaches to make six figures. And here's something funny. So in the messaging this says 20 to 30,000 per month, we tweet we tested that number I tried five to 20,010 to 3020 to 40. We found 10 to 30 seems to attract the right clients for us.

[993:20] Speaker 3: Jeremiah, sorry to interrupt. I found the colors you chose for that sales page really surprising. Was there a reason you chose them?

[996:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, no, my wife just does it. So she liked them. She just sends me the pictures and says put them on the page. So I tell her what it's called. Okay, I thought that I guess I guess I did send her some of the colors. They stood out to me. They were sort of a modern kind of like, actually, you know what these colors are? I think these are the Charlotte Hornets basketball team colors. Oh, I think they're very similar to Charlotte Hornets basketball team, or even like Phoenix Suns. And I think we came up with those colors because we were watching basketball. Okay.

[1007:08] Speaker 4: There's a lot of psychology and colors. You know that though, right?

[1007:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. But I haven't found that psychology has any impact on my business and when it comes to this business.

[1010:03] Speaker 0: Now a Jeremy's got going for it is the colors of Ukraine. Yeah, yeah, blue and yellow. That's the colors of Ukraine blue, yellow, blue, yellow, blue, yellow, everything.

[1012:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah, I like to I like to organize how it felt with those colors. But yeah, we haven't found out again, I found that sales copy matters a whole lot more in this industry than any other. Um, when it comes to e commerce, I think colors matter a little bit more. We try to bring blues and yellows into a lot of the stuff that we do because of just social media. But I used to really stress out about color psychology for a while back in the day because I would I used to do all the graphics design and and video and, and was the Creative Director for a lot of these projects. And I found that a lot of that is just a waste of time in this industry. In the coaching and online course industry. It's it's really just nitty gritty, direct response marketing is what brings in the clients. And so a lot of what I learned from as well as this if you read through Dan Kennedy's books on direct response marketing, you'll you'll pick up a lot as to what works and what produces results and I love his where's the book right here? No BS direct marketing for non direct marketing businesses, I found this one has some of the best information that can apply to the coaching and online course business. As far as just marketing tactics. I don't mention it a lot to people, but it is one of my favorite books. I don't know why I don't mention it a lot. I need to I need to mention it more. I mentioned the Ultimate Sales Letter because I think this one's more important for people to grab on to. But no BS direct marketing, direct response marketing and really doesn't take into account logos branding when it come as to not brand like when it comes to visual branding matters more emotional branding, what kind of experience does somebody get from you? And that's what really determines how much sales you get. This doesn't apply to other industries. It applies to the online coaching and course industry more than anything else, because we've just we've not seen the data on the ugliest stuff seems to convert to sales much better than the really well put together stuff. So, all right, I'm gonna log off here. I'll see everybody tomorrow. Thanks for being here, buddy. Talk soon. Thanks.

