2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-01-29T02:30:23.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: jBKRSxntY3LZMT6AstjpBXAYSsM
---

[6:08] Speaker 0: All right let's do this

[9:35] Speaker 0: I shouldn't take more than a map All right, let's do this. Hello everybody. Welcome welcome

[15:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody has any questions? Raise your hand right now. Dry everything and all you're saying is we just had the first lesson of the six steps to six figures as a coach course.

[20:27] Speaker 0: Today which was awesome. So welcome. Welcome welcome

[24:48] Speaker 0: who's got a question here?

[26:38] Speaker 0: Who's got a question?

[29:24] Speaker 0: mean

[30:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: if anybody has a question, please raise your hand

[36:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I tell our client growth accelerator group is as terrible as it sounds, you know, if you're, you don't have the courage to ask a question. That might be the first leap of faith to do something that scares you. And your business this you need to do?

[42:16] Speaker 0: Because otherwise,

[43:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find that there's a there's a direct correlation between people who don't ask questions and people who don't build their business. Just simply, it's just it's like one to one because they're, you're either on the sidelines of your life looking in at the court. Waiting for other people to tell you what to do and run your life for you and dictate it. And listen, some of us grew up that way where you were raised, where you just you follow you obey, you submit. I want to create a group of people that walk in their authority that don't submit that don't back down that don't be quiet, that don't sit on the sidelines, that don't just sit there waiting for other people to tell them what to do. And if you come from corporate America, that's a temptation to just to just wait around, let somebody else go for oh, I don't want to hog all the time. That behavior is directly connected to your business growth. And so I tell the I tell our our coaching group that that's why I listen, it's not a it's not a patty cake cupcake kumbaya club. And there's some coaching groups that that's what they are. Here's the thing I want to I need to figure out how to segment out anybody who is looking for that from our marketing. Because honestly, they're going to be terrified, scared and offended by even being near me. If that's what they're looking for, and I don't want them on on any of our broadcasts or anything like that, so

[70:25] Speaker 0: Elizabeth, what's up? Okay, that made

[71:30] Speaker 2: me laugh out loud when you said they'd be terrified to be ready. That's really funny.

[72:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no, it's true. And you know what I mean, you could take that as that means that that that I'm the problem. Or we could take it as they're not a good fit for what I do, but maybe for some other for another coach. Does that make sense? No, I totally get it. The people that get the most value of results from me or in my space, and, and, again, our group is a group of action takers. Yeah, not just people that learn a whole bunch of stuff, take a bunch of courses, and then sit around and say, Wow, that was great. There are people who actually are implementing and applying it. And so but I know this is this is a free open thing. So if you're on my email list I'm here to help you. If you're if you're a coach, if you're a course creator. You know, what's cool is I've gotten to the point now, though, that's really awesome is if there is somebody who I could help. And they are turned off by my attitude or how I am, I'm actually thankful that they're not near me. And I used to feel like I was bad because of that, that I was a bad person, because other people thought that I was the toxic one to be around. And so now, I just I know that I am maximum toxic to a certain group of people. And I'm more owning that rather, my mom and I had a talk about this for an hour and a half this afternoon, my mom and I.

[100:27] Speaker 0: And so that's, that's,

[101:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's something that really, I would say, I'm stepping into more and more of, because I was always the type of like, you know, do the right thing. Don't say the wrong thing that might upset somebody don't piss anybody off. Always keep in line always say things proper, and in order and not out of turn. And and I think that there's a time and a place for everything, discerning what to say when to say it. But

[109:40] Speaker 0: when it comes to, when I'm teaching, about coaching,

[111:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is I've gotten to the place where I really am, I just made a post on my social media, if you don't see the value of working with me, I'm not in my job to convince you that you should. I only work with people who see my value, I'm not gonna try to prove myself to anybody. If you're like, well, Jeremiah, you haven't proven yourself to me. So I don't trust you enough. Great, awesome. I'm glad for everybody else. Welcome to the party. And I'm thankful for for everybody who, at this stage of when we do a five day event is I'm looking for who is going to join in our accelerator, who's going to jump into that. Because those are the only people whose opinions that I really care about at this point. Because that's who's going to determine any of our future marketing endeavors. And all of that is who jumps in here. And I'm starting to I'm starting to paint a picture, every time we do an event like this, I go back to the six steps, dialing in my niche even more. And so I think, again, I'm gonna probably eliminate marketing to the segment of the market that a starting a coaching business, completely just stopped talking to that group of people, even if I could help them. And focus on those that are ready to actually take action launch, and get clients because that's what I help people do is get massive amounts of clients, I help you start a business, I can help you do that. But there's so much mental that you have to like grow past and fear and worry and I'm not a life coach. I'm not a therapist, I don't do life coaching. I don't do that type of thing. I might bring some of that into our content. But the majority of our content is is sales focused, sell sell sell. And and the last thing I'll say, again, before we take some questions here because we've got two people that raise their hands

[146:41] Speaker 0: is

[147:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not number one supreme priority as a coach in a group coaching business is not you coaching well, is not you teaching well, is not you delivering results to your clients, it's sales and marketing. That's the number one priority until you hit two to $5 million. Now that doesn't mean you when I say that people misinterpret it as that means give a shit quality coaching experience. I don't mean that at all. What I mean is it comes secondary to sales and marketing. I won't respond to or I will not I've actually had to shift my priorities because I used to do it the other way and we were losing money when I would do it the other way. I would put coaching and Client results as number one priority, and we weren't making more than 500,000 a month. As soon as I flipped it to sales and marketing. We did over 100,000 a month in sales for the last five coming on almost six months now. And yet the clients are served at the same level that they were, it was just flipping, I'm going to do marketing and sales tasks first, before I coach people, me filling our programs is the top priority for you as a coach, filling your programs is the top priority before making sure that you are a great coach making sure that you have a perfect message making sure that you are delivering results. Sales and marketing comes before making sure that you're delivering results. And I would invite you to make it a priority to deliver results. But sales and marketing needs to come first. And I think that is the sort of

[176:14] Speaker 0: indicator

[176:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: of when people are ready to hear that part of my message. Because it's very polarizing, especially if you've bought into a coach or or mentor that defrauded you and sold you a crappy program. And so when I say that a lot of people project it as me telling you to defraud people. It's not what I'm saying at all, but I'm saying you need to make your top priority, not your coaching, not your teaching, not your mentorship, not even client results, sales and marketing. And then number two is client results. Okay, so I'm going to take a question here again, Elizabeth, what's up?

[188:49] Speaker 0: First of all, I

[189:01] Speaker 2: laughed out loud that I, I hear your message and I see your heart and you don't scare me. So it just made me laugh. I saw I was configuring in my head today, I was doing a lot of math. And I was thinking there's the initial invitation. There's many, many responders that you're sending out in between to remind people, there's, you know, there's a VIP list maybe that you have, there's maybe a page you want to set up for a waiting list, there's, you know, and those are just responding. And then there's like the landing page, the waiting list page, the sales page, funnel payments, and I have to admit, I was getting like, wow, this is a lot. And, and then the Facebook advertisement. And I know for myself in a group I want people to bounce off and I want someone to help me implement some of this. I know you got people you said online, Philippines because I paid people to help me implement. And they were the wrong people. And I didn't know how to what to do. And they said they were experts. And they weren't. Yeah, I found that incredibly frustrating and a waste of time, energy and money. Yeah, gotcha. And I don't know, I don't when I was looking at like how many? Like I'm like how many realistically, between when you start a campaign and you're going to say do the first webinar? How many emails are you setting up. And a lot of

[211:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: times I tell people for the emails is to take this, the biggest thing was email marketing, get on a bunch of other people's lists on another email account. So you have a swipe file of all the emails to like reference from, you can use the AI to help you write the emails, there's a plugin for Chrome that helps kind of generate a lot of an email. So you kind of get it started. And it'll do that, then what we do is once we get a campaign going, we end up sort of duplicating the same emails per campaign. So we're just changing a few words in the email. So it just takes a couple minutes to set up to do that. The biggest thing is reminding people to actually show up.

[220:51] Speaker 2: Yeah, exactly. You lost me when you said something about getting on other people's email lists and swipe files. And that was like I was like, huh, so what do you mean by that?

[223:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you scroll on Facebook, you notice like there's just there's an ad every five posts? Yeah, I sign up with an email account to almost every single ad that I see on social media.

[227:18] Speaker 0: To study them,

[227:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: to have them send me their marketing emails. I have them in an email inbox in Gmail that I can look at. And I have like, hundreds of emails that other marketers are sending me every single day.

[232:09] Speaker 2: And you're studying those emails. Not really, I

[232:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: use it more if I if I'm stuck as to what to say in an email. I don't spend a lot of time studying emails, but I'll go through and I'll say, Okay, what is this one? What's a good subject line that might grab my attention? The goal is to get to the place where this stuff kind of just goes on autopilot. You don't have

[236:48] Speaker 2: to think about Yeah, cuz this stuff that's not autopilot.

[237:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because if it's not, yeah, and it's not usually autopilot for most of the clients that we have in our accelerator when they start out, but you'll get to the point place where it can be. Very simply by doing that, and scheduling more of those emails, a lot of this work is it will become more comfortable the more you do it.

[243:18] Speaker 2: Okay? Or find somebody who can do it for you at a very inexpensive rate. All right. Thank you

[245:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, a lot of people ask like, what should we write in the emails and things like that?

[246:12] Speaker 0: I don't,

[247:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't put a lot of weight into like, our time and effort into crafting email. It's more just there's two different types of emails. One is more storytelling emails, the other is reminder, an invitation emails. And so when you remind people to like show up for something they registered for, we get almost no unsubscribes from that. And then we'll send reminder emails, or different offer emails are different story emails, a story email could be about a podcast that we have a video that I put on my social media, or a YouTube video, something that happened in our life, day to day, and we connect it to some kind of an offer that pitches people that does a pitch to people by providing value. That's why the feedback loop is so important, though, so that you're spinning that feedback loop to the same people. And it does become for the right target customer and echo chamber of what they're looking for specifically. And so it's identifying what language goes into that echo chamber. And that's what goes out in the emails.

[265:12] Speaker 2: Starting off a campaign what is the minimum? I mean, like babies like us in marketing? Not not in my what I do? What is the minimum number of emails you're sending a lot out? I mean, what is the minimum number of emails that you would want us to start out

[269:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing a virtual event, you should send one the morning of your event, an hour before, 15 minutes before and when it's live? We've tested not doing that the show up rate is almost 90% Less?

[272:20] Speaker 0: Wow. Yep.

[273:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we've literally tested campaigns where we didn't send that many emails out just to see what happens. Right. 90% Less people actually showed up for the sessions. Wow. All right. So it's kind of like okay, do you want 90% of the people that that you got their leads to not even listen to you? And so that's a big part of why do we do that?

[278:59] Speaker 2: No, but that's great. I just wrote all that down. I mean, that's really good nation that that that's what's most important not maybe even sending every single day up to the event,

[281:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, it's just it's just getting people to kind of show up. Um, you can also even run a retargeting ad to get them to show up not cost you money, but I've thought about doing that for some of our events running a show up retargeting ad.

[284:56] Speaker 0: Um, okay, thank you, Joey.

[285:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Joey said. Pick people who inspire you what resonates and make it your own? Yeah, exactly. I find store emails is what I lose people. But if I keep it offers and updates. Yeah, I know, that's what's interesting is, the more I actually send offers, I don't lose as many people as very interesting. So emails gotten to that place. Now we're actually, the more and when I say offers, it's like, join me for a free training on this topic. And so it's something like that it's not I very rarely send an email that's like by this, it's usually sign up for this free thing over here. So I keep sending multiple free things to the people that are on my email list. So they might not like the free thing that I sent in November, but maybe they like the one that I sent in December. And then maybe not the one in January, but they like the one in February. And so at that point that nurtures the people who haven't upgraded yet, by providing value and evolving with the group, what I run my offers around is based off of who is actually buying into my program. And so for instance, I really, really, really, I'm identifying two things, the people who get the most out of working with me, are not afraid to sell to people. And they're not afraid to annoy, piss off and bother people and they're not afraid of even being too much at all. It's the it's and that's just in the coaching and online course space. Is that that's the main judgement of the quote unquote influencer personality is that they're too much their personality is too much. Except that sort of too much. This is the crossover threshold of where it becomes profitable. And so if I can get people to say Okay, in this business, that is what is going to accelerate you into your into your profit zone much faster. Then I would encourage people to get better at sales to get better at their emails, to not be timid to not tip toe around To not be hesitant to do something based off of is, am I going to upset somebody on my list? Are they going to unsubscribe for me, I often send once a month and email out that says, please unsubscribe from me, if you can't stand my emails, I actually send an email out that says that. And I'll usually get like 100 people that unsubscribe at the cost of $15 an email, that's like throwing 1500 bucks into the paper, Shredder, but it comes back much better that way. Because then if they join, again, they're going to join through an ad. And they won't be getting my emails. And so I want them to actually unsubscribe and I want to encourage that rather than hoarding and holding on to this list of emails, like, I want to be very careful how often I send to them so that I don't miss use this asset that I have. I see a lot of people do that. I don't want to misuse this asset. I only have so many people on my list. I don't want to upset them.

[335:07] Speaker 2: i It's so interesting, because I think of my list my very small list. They want the stories they want. I said because I'm a storyteller, I'm a writer. And when I start sending out offers, I think that's they're going I need a new list of people that want both not just, yeah,

[339:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's an awkward position of your offer at the end of a story too.

[340:48] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's what I mean, if I put up something on Facebook, that's like a story, people. Wow, if I put an offer nobody comments. So it's like, I've got a new audience, I think,

[343:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, commenting and engagement numbers are not relevant to this business at all. Exactly.

[345:27] Speaker 2: But no, but if I put an offer on and say here, click on this link, and this will take you and you get

[346:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: most of the time, they won't click, because you'll have to actually email them and retarget your followers with an ad. Because that's the way that you actually show your offers to those people, the algorithms often will not show your business related content to people very much organically, if not at all, maybe 10% of our business comes from organic. A lot do come from our email list. As we grow our email list a lot are coming organically from our email list, but not from social media. So I think social media is the lowest priority that you have in your business and needs to be your your offers. Having offers that you get to sell to people at least once a month, some kind of an offer where you're asking people to join a program with you. That needs to happen.

[360:29] Speaker 0: Okay, that's great. Thank you. Yeah. All right, Kathy Brooks.

[362:26] Speaker 3: All right. Hi. So you're referred to me by someone that's already in your accelerator program. And so you know, I've been following you, then I got your Black Friday deal. So I am, you know, working my way through all of that content. And then of course, you send out number of emails, not ready to unsubscribe at all, because, but you didn't answer my question. I'm not at a point where I think that accelerator is going to work for me. So I don't want you to just discount me, but what can I do to prepare to be in it? Because I don't have a course I don't have. I have a niche that I'm thinking of. But it sounds like you want now you just mentioned that you're like gonna focus probably on the people that already know, have already done or already have a course or are already know their course. Am I wrong in

[377:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: that? No, I didn't say that. I said, focusing my marketing on people that are just starting. So that's, that's me running ads to people that that are starting so I'm talking about who I'm actually running an ad to. If you're on a training like this or a live q&a with me, you're probably way more qualified than those people for the accelerator. What I mean is that there is I can get leads for like $3 When I target starting your coaching business leads are almost $15 When I do grow your coaching business with paid advertising, however, I get more sales from the $15 leads than the $3 leads. It actually takes more of the $3 leads to even convert to a sale then it takes up the $15 leads. So $15 is actually costing me more money than $3 Now in what crazy fantasyland does that exist, you might ask that $3 would cost more than $15 Well, I'll show you how that works. If you're getting leads for $15 Let me start a new piece of paper here. $15 and it takes five of them to convert to a sale. Some quick math on that. That's what says that 75 $75 To get a sale Correct however, with $3 leads, right, that sounds like a win. But in our but in my experience, it's actually taking me close to, it's almost doubled this right here. So it's almost it takes almost 75 of these leads to equal a sale. And so if one and 75 of the people who cost me $3 became a sale, but one in five who cost me 15 Did the sale, then I'm going to start to run my marketing more to these, even though the cost per lead is higher. I don't want to have to sift through 75 people to get the same result that I get with five people over here. And so technically, this is costing me half of what the $3 lead is because of the output that I'm getting. The $3 lead is actually in reality closer to a $30 lead, the $15 lead results are closer to if it was like $1.50. And so we have to look at when they join the email list, what percentage of that group of people ends up going through the funnel and buying so what I'm saying is, I can get cheap leads for $3 around the starting your coaching business niche. But when most of those people don't convert to sales, they're just they're too stuck in their head. They're too stuck coming up with reasons why they can't start today.

[426:27] Speaker 3: And but you are saying that you can't that you do or are can do that? Course that. So I was confused on that. So as nothing new, you're saying that yes,

[429:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Lego people that are ready to start? Yeah, totally. I'm ready to help people that are ready to start, but they need to launch their offer. And that's one of the biggest things is, is it? It has way less to do with do you have your program ready, and it has way more to do with your ability to take action on a risk. It's it's way more tied to because that's the that's the point where I lose people.

[438:49] Speaker 0: Yeah, is

[439:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was just teaching the six steps course today. It's in the members area. Now like the first I taught an hour training this afternoon for our members all on the niche. And using that and you guys know, like how to map out your course and all that through a chat GPT a lot of people can get through their niche writing their copy their funnel. Because none of this is risky. There is no risk to making a funnel

[447:41] Speaker 0: until

[448:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: you promote it with paid advertising and put it out there. And so what I'm finding is, is that there's a group of people that I target with my ads, that they're not ready yet to actually promote their offers with paid ads, because mentally it's too scary. And I use the word scary because I was just talking to a client of mine, his net worth is probably around three to 4 million, not not like massive, but like he's got some money, right. And he even told me, he had massive anxiety and nerves to launch his offer. But he at least launched it, he at least took action on the risk of need a million dollars in your bank account to launch your ads with just $150 budget. That's usually what I tell people to do launch your ads with 150 or $300 budget. And the goal is to have that come back to you. But what I find is a lot of the people that are just starting out, they can't see themselves putting $150 into the marketplace on a Facebook ad and seeing the results back and they can't see themselves doing a live zoom call and selling to people. So because of that I do have some training that helps those people but I'm not in the business of trying to massage and help them grow at has. Most of those people usually are going to need a life coach and a therapist not a business coach. I do I really do appreciate your telling people. I don't mean that negatively at all.

[474:54] Speaker 3: No, I get that I get it. I realize it's hard after listening to the first day one I'm like, Man, I think that not not completely. I was lucky enough that I ran a I took a leap and I did a challenge One point, right before COVID Actually, so, yeah, then I just have put it on the backburner again, but I gotta like, it's it's an, you say you're not a therapist, but but just by reminding people there is so much more of a mind game, then there is the actual physical work that I think that's that is the therapist in action.

[486:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's Yeah, it's me at least pointing people to that maybe this is the issue, because, and I look at this from a timescale, like if you're in my program, and six months have gone down the road, and you still haven't written your sales copy with Chad GPT. That is also a mindset issue. Because it's, and I still haven't cracked, what the mindset is on this. There is a technological fear that people have of using technology, and it not being perfect. And even just exploring possibilities is too scary for people. And so I can spend way too much energy trying to help those people, and they're not going to get a result. So I'm more pivoting towards, okay, who's willing to do the six steps, who's willing to take action, who's willing to build a funnel, build a landing page, and then launch it, and that's, that's who's a good fit for the program is those those action takers, even if you're just starting out, as long as you're willing to take action through the steps of promoting, and then actually doing a sales pitch. By the way, Joey, I moved. Number five is no longer Analyze Results, it's the sales pitch. Because that's what it is, you promote the sales pitch, you promote the offer. And then this is you actually selling and then you analyze the results of step six. So those are the six steps of a successful coaching business, your niche, your offer, copy your your funnel, the landing page, then you got to promote it to actual humans to get them to sign up. And then you got to sell to those humans and get them to give you their money. And then you got to analyze, did they give me their money or not? Did they even show up to listen to me or not? If they're not showing up to listen to you, when we go back to the drawing board, and we say, Okay, what's missing from here that people don't actually want what we thought they wanted? And how can we start to give people more of what they want to then lead them to what we need, what they need.

[519:36] Speaker 4: All right. Okay.

[520:00] Speaker 3: Great. One last question. How, and the little bit older generations, so I don't want to say I'm not tech savvy, because that's just the negative way to think about it. But how much step by step is included in in your training? So like, go here? I mean, I played in chat GPT. I've seen some videos, I've watched other videos. So you know, I'm fun with that. But like, just a little bit of Okay, here it is, go here do this. Yeah, this is there is it kind of a step by step, you

[529:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, there's a lot of step by step in there in the courses as they follow through that. And that's why I'm putting together this brand new one that I just started this week, called the six steps to six figures for a coach, it is the step by step for somebody to follow this system, we're going to break down building that landing page and doing that the step by step for building your funnel is in there. If you're going to be using Squarespace, the step by step for emails, I'm going to go step by step through automating it if you want to run things automated. So that step by step is all in there. The actual coaching side of it is on the q&a calls. Those are a lot more similar to this type of setting where people ask questions, and then go back and take action. The other thing that I'm I'm really wanting to make sure of is the people that are in the accelerator, they are self starters, they take action. And they don't need me to hold their hand. Because I just I don't I'm not building a business where I got to actually physically hold everybody's hand in a group. But I'm able to talk to the group and developing that self discipline that personal responsibility. Okay, am I doing what I need to do this week? Okay, I'm not instead of guilt and shame that you're we're not let's come on the live coaching call, say hey, I went out there to go launch my business and I felt nervous, and I felt afraid. And I'm wondering what that is. And then usually I'll work through that with with you on a call like that. And then next week, you'll come back and say, Hey, I finally launched it. And so that's kind of the coaching aspect of it that's in there, along with the group and in the group itself. Thank you. Yep. Duke asks, Do I ever run evergreen webinar funnels? So I I tell everybody, my goal is for everybody to get to the place where they have an evergreen funnel. Um, what I've seen is this, Duke, Have you have you sold over $100,000? In coaching before with webinars?

[564:39] Speaker 0: Hello? Yeah. Hello? Yes. Yeah.

[566:16] Speaker 5: Not not all $100 a month, but I reach director for the few months

[568:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to reach $100,000 a year with,

[569:00] Speaker 5: you know, with the around four to five months. Okay with with webinars? Yeah, we'd webinar and teach teach? Yes,

[571:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So if you have a webinar that's converting at that level, then I would turn it into an evergreen. And I show people how to do that a lot of people aren't at the point where they're even making any sales in their business. And so that's why teaching it live, if you, I'm just gonna give you an example here. If you put an evergreen funnel out there, and it gets no sales, are you going to keep spending money on that evergreen funnel that made you no sales? No, you're not? Nobody would. So then you have to go back to the drawing board and say, what is it that this didn't sell? That's why doing it live a few times until you start to get your sales message dialed in. And you're testing is this working and following that system. That's what produces the best evergreen funnel, I'll show you how to automate it. I think it's BS that so many people mark it record once a pitch and then it's just gonna make all your dreams come true? No, well, okay. We've built multiple coaching businesses to 10s of millions of dollars. And that usually came about a year to 18 months into the process, that we turned it into an evergreen, because we got the sales pitch down. So you gotta it's about first you got to actually get your sales pitch down, make it consistent. Know that you can run the same thing over and over again, then you convert that to an evergreen is what do you want to do?

[594:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, okay. Okay, awesome. Joey. Joey,

[597:14] Speaker 6: so I used to like before, like, probably like six months ago, I would just run paid traffic to landing pages and people who convert that doesn't work anymore. And the thing I'm struggling with is soft skills, which offer kind of like, should I be doing, like, five days a month of like, a free event or challenge or something that I'm pitching to them? Because I did do a two day pitch.

[605:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's your price point that you're selling?

[606:22] Speaker 6: Okay, so it floats between have a membership group, which is $20 a month. Then there's the $333 AB courses, and then there is $3,000? For my one on one coaching. Shocking. I have gotten for one on 151 on one coaching people and I keep coming every time I get one one people I don't want one on one people I want.

[614:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's because you keep selling the one on one as being the most valuable way to work with you. Yeah, I got it's too cheap at 3000 as part of it.

[616:38] Speaker 6: Yeah. Okay, so should I say that that's getting more expensive to 10,000 or 20,000. And then I would bump

[618:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that up for sure. Here's what I would do for you is at your price point. I like doing a VSL that retargets all your traffic to a $22. And they can get a $1 trial for 30 days. I love that month. And it's just a 15 minute VSL that you run that basically sells them on trying it for $1.

[626:37] Speaker 6: VSL stands for video video sales letter.

[627:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so it's like a webinar. It's just like a virtual event. It's actually crafted almost exactly the same, but it's only 15 minutes long. So like the first five minutes is kind of casting the vision of what you do the and telling your story and then you go into five minutes of what you help people with the result your Client Results and then the last five minutes is you pitch them on the dollar trial

[633:40] Speaker 6: and run this remarketing offer. I love that actually.

[634:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can record that in about 15 a 15 minute video, and we've used a tool called vid validox and Fiddlesticks allows you to connect your Facebook pixel to how far they got into the VSL. Okay, so you can set the pixel to be only for people that actually got to the point where they heard you do the pitch, then you just retarget those people with the dollar trial for like a week, you set that up with deadline funnel. So deadline funnel is the other thing, you make it to where the normal price of this is actually 44 a month. But you're going to discount it to them, they get grandfathered in at 22 plus $1 trial when they join in the next 72 hours.

[645:42] Speaker 6: So could I try this way? This is just a suggestion, can I create a 15 minute video running a reengagement ad and then retarget, the reengagement of the people who watched all of it as a remarketing ad? Can I just do how I without work?

[650:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that would work. Definitely. Without having to tenuously. I would have a three day that goes to your what is it? You said it was 333? Yeah. So I would run like a three day, a two day event, like a two day. But you do live that goes to this. And then you only sell your one on one to these people. Once they're in here, you say, I don't take one on one clients until they're part of this.

[657:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's fine. That's okay. Or

[658:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you say and if you want to join one on one, you'll you'll be joining this as well. It's not optional. And sort of included in your price.

[662:06] Speaker 6: Yeah. Because like, as you know, I might I'm kind of stuck at a low six, mid six figures. And then I finding this really helpful is that think? Yeah, cool.

[665:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. The, the, these types of models, this is the model that we did, we found that this model works really well for spirituality especially. And I've only tested again with like Christian spirituality, but I think it applies to all types.

[669:47] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[670:41] Speaker 6: Okay, thank you so much.

[671:01] Speaker 0: Yeah, yep. All right, Cindy.

[673:25] Speaker 4: Sorry, I had to mute the background. And I'm a, I was having problems with my resume. And I had typed in a question earlier, if you have any experience Jeremiah with doing this kind of thing, but to the LinkedIn audience, because I think there's some applicability of my market, but

[679:43] Speaker 0: what are you selling?

[680:07] Speaker 4: I'm the one with the the women who felt stuck in all of that, you know, I might still be in a job, but they know they gotta figure something out. Because

[682:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't done much on the LinkedIn audience. But I know that offers

[684:11] Speaker 0: are

[684:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: like the engine of online marketing that work no matter what platform you're using, as far as marketing to the LinkedIn audience. I don't have any information on that. But I know that a good offer is going to work across all the same platforms. But the way that you actually mark it and lead people to check out that offer is going to be different on LinkedIn, it's going to be different on Twitter, it's going to be different on tick tock,

[691:35] Speaker 4: that's fine. I have somebody that I know I just wondered if I could get it all in one place. Yeah,

[692:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't do much on LinkedIn, I have a little bit of like a basic overview of LinkedIn ads, but I haven't done much with that. I haven't done much with YouTube ads. But it applies as far as again, this is me even just dialing and dialing in more of what I help people

[697:14] Speaker 0: with is

[698:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to have having an offer that people sign up with you that you use to then build trust about a program that you sell that across the board like that concept.

[702:50] Speaker 0: Where works everywhere. Yeah, however, it could take you six

[704:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: to 12 to 18 months to really dial that in to the point where it's making seven figures. I think you can get to six figures very quickly. Most people get to six figures do multiple six figures and once you get a taste of that you're gonna want seven figures.

[708:18] Speaker 4: Well, it depends I'm, I'm pretty I'm pretty old already. So it depends on how fast it goes. But I've been waiting for 10 years. You're I just want to also kudos to your there are some coaches that are good at the mind. That yeah, you know getting that ready first because a lot of us highly sensitive and you know, intuitives and you know this and that just have a couple of humps to get over before really taking advantage of your work. So why, you know, and for the same price I spent a year getting over my mindset issues now I'm in a place I can take advantage of somebody go yes realize this Totally,

[720:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and, and even our minds. I mean, I was again, I was talking to my mom today. I just love her because she's like,

[721:52] Speaker 4: can I have her? I don't have a mom anymore.

[722:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can definitely anybody can they can they call her mama Sandy for a reason? Almost everybody does. So she is like a mama to everybody. But I was talking to her today about. I mean, and she said this so that she's like, I don't mean this to be rude. She's like, but you are still operating from this place of trying to prove yourself to people, you're hurting from this place of your trauma that you need to work with and talk with with your therapist. I'm like, You're right, Mom, you're right. I still am. And so I'm actually getting the place now where I don't want. I don't I can't pretend like I got it all figured out. And together. The only reason I tell you all the checkout, getting your mindset, right is because anytime that I've grown in the mindset, my income has grown. But I am definitely not a therapist. I'm definitely not a mindset coach. You'll hear from a select Lila is mentioning right here. We have a number of our CGA people in the chat here. I touch on mindset. Um, actually, let me ask Joey real quick, what would you say? Because I touch on mindset. It's not that I don't talk about it. But the program isn't like a mindset program.

[741:51] Speaker 0: How would you describe it?

[742:21] Speaker 6: Okay, so this is actually really good. I think that what I like most about you as like, leader and educator is that you have no kind of like, no bullshit. And you kind of like the thing is, you're also you don't call anybody you're like, do trainings, do the work. If you don't do it, that's not my problem. And some people, that doesn't work for them, but it works for me, because I like to do things out on my own, and make my own choices, make my own mistakes. And I think the thing is, you have a really kind of clear of that it's your intel, people straight up that they have to do the work and make the mistakes and fall fail forward. And that's kind of like what I've noticed from like the way you do it, because you were always changing your offers or your stuff, I was looking at your ad library, same with your mom and other competitors and my swipe file. But the thing is, it's like, you're constantly figuring it out as you go, and you share that with us, which I really appreciate it because I got to six figures by making stupid mistakes. And I spent so much money in my own money making kind of mistakes, and then I found your mom. And that was really great. And it helped scaled a six figure business to yours. But it's just basically like, you don't hold people's hands. You point them in the right direction. And I think

[763:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. And, and I used to think of that as all man, like, that's a shortcoming of mine. I'm like, no, that's just my style. It's just it's a different style. I am definitely more for, again, back to what I think somebody else had asked like, like what Kathy had asked, I'm definitely more for the mature person, or somebody who's at least willing to grow and mature. And take action, take personal responsibility and try things out. One thing I say all the time, is, I'm not in the position of a boss, like you would have at a corporate job that's making sure you're doing your job. But I'm not checking up on everybody's work. There are some coaches that do that. And maybe they feel called to do that. It's, I don't I just have chosen that I'm not going to build a business that way. And I honestly I learned that from my mom.

[779:03] Speaker 6: Yeah, no, I'm not. I'm not attracted to coaches at all that are perfectionist or want to see your work. And they want to critique everything. Because if I wanted that I would go get a job and corporate again,

[782:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, there you go. That's good. I found that sometimes I end up attracting people that are wanting me to do that for them. And that's been a new thing for me realizing, okay, I don't, I don't need to do that for people, there might be people that need that. And that's something that I always bring to the table is listen, if you need something that I'm not providing, I can definitely try to point you in the right direction. I also don't want to invalidate anybody's needs, wants or desires. Because my experience is different. Like they're you know, there's different coaches for everybody. But for those that really resonate in my space, and they connect, that's why I offer the 30 day money back guarantee.

[793:48] Speaker 6: I would say your ad stuff, and is like the best that I've seen in probably like I start taking yourself with your moms and everybody

[796:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: says that so far, like my stuff is not that good. It's so fun.

[797:21] Speaker 6: I have taken like probably like six courses. I'm like I'm the blind and more on that multimillion dollar ad campaign. And I would say the best wins that I've gotten are from your classes when it comes to that.

[801:29] Speaker 0: Yeah, are.

[802:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's from I think, I think so far I've met Yeah, I managed over 10 million and adspend. But but I've only done it for coaches, course creators, and mentors. So that's $10 million in ad spend just in the coaching course creation and mentorship space. And so that's why what I talk about specifically applies to this space. Probably wouldn't work for other industries, but it does for this space. So

[809:29] Speaker 6: shocking. Just the last thing I'm gonna say is that creating some of your coaching ads, and then running them people into like a coaching webinar, and then selling them selling products, like in lives. works. Yeah, for an E commerce business. We were cool it did. We show them what we sold, and then send them a link to a collection and then they went by. It was like,

[817:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's cool. Yeah, but it works. Awesome. Yeah. I don't know much about that world. But

[819:34] Speaker 0: that's awesome. All right, Elizabeth, what's up?

[820:34] Speaker 2: Just a specific question. So for one, we have a waiting list, which I really love. Love that idea. So that'd be a staple of people that might could are interested, would you could you make that waiting list page, a light sales page and include the cost of your program? Because that would perhaps just eliminate people from even signing up? You know, because you're gonna see it's a certain costs are gonna go now or Oh, yes. The not too far to say and the cost of the program is going to be

[829:08] Speaker 0: on the waiting list page. Yeah, I think you could I,

[830:26] Speaker 2: if it's done well, with finesse with Delfino and a certain way?

[831:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I haven't. I haven't thought about it either way. Yeah. Um, most people don't see my waiting list page until they get through a like a training with me. Right. And most of the time, so that's so that's the thing. I'm not even really showing it to them at that point. And I'll verbally mentioned the price at that point

[837:52] Speaker 2: that you did, which I really appreciate it. Yeah. So

[838:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not listed on the page, but I verbally mentioned it. So

[839:35] Speaker 2: the waiting list is held for the people who have at least done a webinar with you or something or a training. Alright,

[841:29] Speaker 0: that's good. Yeah, definitely. Thank you. Yeah. Awesome.

[842:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else got any more questions? We got five more minutes here. And then we'll be doing another q&a on on Tuesday as well. Another one of these open q&a is I'm not sure when I'm going to do another free open q&a like this again, I also based off of this one, and the last one I did, I think I'm going to make the VIP via at least $47 Minimum next time. Just just because of to make sure that there's the right people on there. So all right. Yeah. Because we just and I think I need to go back to at least I don't think I'm gonna do a VIP on my one day ones anymore. Shade Are you raising your hand? I couldn't tell. Are you?

[857:07] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, what's up?

[860:00] Speaker 0: In here, yes. Yeah. I missed all your lectures this week. So I didn't watch anything. This is the first one that I'm watching. So it's interesting. I just want you to say that how can we get access to the other recordings

[865:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: here, you can get access to those on this page right here, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash start, it's in the chat. And there's five days of recordings right here. Also find that you go to the homepage here, scroll down, there's this watch the replays until January 31. And then you can purchase the recordings right here for 47. But you can watch them anytime between now and the 31st for free right here on this page for all five days where I walk you through building starting and growing a group coaching business, also. Awesome.

[876:29] Speaker 0: Thanks. Yeah. Dorothy.

[878:05] Speaker 7: Oh, my. Yeah. So looking forward to joining the coaching. What are we doing this week? So yeah, It's exciting to join the Facebook group and everything. So yeah, this is gonna be the first time I'm embarking on doing a home education, yoga family yoga thing. And so I'm just thinking about what

[884:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it'll be a good fit for you, though, just from what I know about you. Yeah, well,

[885:06] Speaker 7: I'm really excited about it. And, you know, I've been doing yoga with my son, you know, well, he's 10. Now, but we've always done it together, you know, as he's grown. And I think it's something very natural. It's part of our way of life. So I'm really excited about bringing that into sharing that with the world. But my question is, where to focus the advertising when I start doing Facebook ads, because obviously, I'm based in the UK. But you know, the US there must be a big sort of, you know, group of people who are doing home ed in the US. And it's, you know, how do you approach because obviously, you've got a following in the UK, as well as the US. And that's how I got to know about. So yeah,

[897:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I use again, the goal is to build up your look alike audiences. That's the that's the ultimate goal. And so you can start by doing that based off of video views initially, and then landing page views. And then you go further along your funnel to the intention. We're using the look alike audiences of only people who visited our accelerator page. And so I found like, that's a great group of people for the last couple of rounds of ads that we've ran. Because it seems to be finding people that are wanting to build a coaching business. And we're segmenting out, our copy is very specific as to who this is for. You can target homeschooling and home education you can target as well. I know you can target like yoga, holistic healing, you can target parenting. Now, those are wide range audiences. That's where your offer needs to get specific as to who you can help. And so then what ends up happening, this is why oh, man, it stuck. In my head. I saw a post today that was like, This just shows you why people I think struggle with actually targeting their Facebook ads. And it's funny, I'm like, I'm curious. I love like, what Joey thinks sometimes when I say stuff, so that the post was like, one of the worst things that you can do is, is exclude people. Yeah. And yet, like, like in life, we don't want to like exclude people, we want to be inclusive. When you're running your paid advertising the algorithm, you have to actually exclude people that are probably not going to be a good fit for you. Because otherwise you're going to spend so much in ads, you can't have a business. And so it's very interesting that even culturally, we're, we have these messages of like, be inclusive, don't exclude people, but then it's like, you have to exclude a certain group of people in your advertising. Otherwise, it's an it's almost like a flip flop of like, how do you hold those two ideas in your mind? Like, we don't want to be excluded, like excluding a group of people, but then like, how do you exclude a group of people in your marketing, you know? Yeah, I just, I thought that was like, fascinating, because that's the first area that I think people need to realize that's going to make them the most amount of money is get more specific as to who's going to buy from you and exclude your messaging from anybody else who doesn't fit into that buyers list. And, like, for me in the bigger Okay, so I'm gonna say I'm gonna go back to my mom and I used to get into, like, actual arguments about this. Um, I was like, But Mom, there's so many people out there on the internet that we could help use online marketing to make money and she's like, Yeah, but if you try to reach all these people, you're gonna reach nobody, and I'm like, but we could do it. And so like, when I launched my Facebook ads course and my website building course, I literally made those courses back in like 2019 specifically to reach everybody, any niche any online marketer, any anybody, and they flopped. Because I was so like, this is for everybody. And I was marketing almost like I was trying to sell the iPhone to people. Like, it was like the everybody product and I've just learned through having a lot of failed campaigns for the last like four years. See, the thing is I went from like working with my mom, our campaigns were rockin, we're making all this money, because she did the process of excluding the people that weren't buyers for me already. And so, I had to realize, when I started my own business that you have to do that you have to get more specific, more specific, more specific. Now, I did some marketing for a Christian college. When I told them about excluding a certain group of the market, they got really angry and upset that I even suggested that we do that. Because they're like, they're like, you know, we want to reach everybody. I'm like, Yes, but you're gonna lose money in your ads, and they literally lost money. Because of this. And that was even became this whole, like, debacle about like, you know, you can't know people's hearts, and you can't know where they are, what stage they are on their journey. I'm like, Yeah, but you kind of can with marketing. And then they were like, well, then that stuff isn't like, holy and righteous. And I'm like, okay, and that was when the contract ended. But it was like, you know, you have to really figure out who is going to buy from you, and then talk to that group of people. Because otherwise you are, you're going to waste a lot of energy, a lot of time trying to reach everybody. And how do you figure out who that group of people is, it's the feedback loop that they give you. It's all based on the feedback that other people give to you. And they tell you, who is a buyer in my program tells me everything that I need to know about how I need to exclude in my marketing, to find more of these people. And so, we're just we're finding, again, and again, and again, a lot of the people that are a good fit for our program. They're where you're at Dorothy, most of them are. And so how can I find more people like Dorothy, that are a good fit for the program. Now I craft my offer, copy, I craft my webinars, I craft my campaigns around that type of person, and so I can already identify in the next month, another shift in my marketing, I thought I was like, Okay, I'm gonna make this evergreen, what I did this month, Nope, not gonna do it, we got to do it. Again, we got another round now that I got to keep testing, testing and testing and testing, to just dial it in just a little bit more. There's a point that you get to where it's like, okay, this is the win, you know to do at Evergreen is when you run the same campaign three times in a row, and it converts to sales exactly the same every time. And that's what ended up happening with what we ran with my mom. And that's what ended up happening with what we ran with Rick Pino. As we reached the point where the sales pitch, we ran the same pitch, every time month after month, and it brought in the same amount of sales. And so it's like, okay, we can make that evergreen now, because we've proven that this sequence of selling works. And so but right now, I'm actually I'm still in the testing stage for my, my business truthfully, my my coaching business right now, we just launched it in August. So I've only been testing for about six months. And most of our clients, it takes almost 12 to 18 months to get to that seven figure level of testing. Now we have broken paths. If I can keep getting the type of the amount of sales we're getting right now, we will have made over a million dollars in the 12 month period. I'm really, really hoping that by August of this year, we crossed that and then I'm like, Hey, we made a million dollars this year. But if I keep on the pace that we're doing, it's going to happen, but I have to keep iterating to get there. The goal is for it to be evergreen. I think the sad part is a lot of people are sold this idea that like you just make a training, you make a video, you put it out there and now you got all these sales. And you just sit back and sip on your Mai Tai and you retire on a beach somewhere. You can retire on a beach somewhere, but it's probably going to take you a year or two of testing things out and experimenting before you get to that place. So and retire on a beach you got to be making at least over a million dollars a month in this economy. I mean it sounds like some people are like, like that sounds like a lot to some people. Once you start knowing how quickly you can spend money at that level. Yeah. It takes about a million a month so

[1035:57] Speaker 7: yeah, something I'm really need to focus on getting really clear on who the target audience is really honing it in. Yeah,

[1038:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. No, I think a lot of them might be similar to you or they might be similar to your friends or they might be similar to people that you've already had. Add interaction and engagement with Yeah, in the past. That's one thing as well, that I say to people is oftentimes the people you're marketing to, are going to have strangely similar similar similarities to your friend group and your family. Like their personalities and their interests. And so if you got people in your friend group that like a certain topic, or a family member or something, they're probably honestly I look at our client growth accelerator. It's it's, the energy feels very similar to like my my friend group outside of business and my actual family members, just because it's really the energy that I'm putting out there. I believe that whatever energy we put out comes back at us. And that's not it's, it's not woowoo. It's because it's the the words that come out of your mouth, attract people that think the same way and use the same words. As humans, our energy is broadcast by the language we use. And I know there's other stuff about like, you know, the magnetic field and all of that. I don't know much about that. But I know that when I am authentically myself, with an open hand, not desperate for sales, it seems to make more sales for me and my business. So

[1061:07] Speaker 7: brilliant. Thank you. All right.

[1062:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Last question from Duke. What's up, man?

[1064:47] Speaker 0: Oh, here Yeah.

[1066:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you're muted.

[1068:34] Speaker 5: Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so I'm sorry. So this is the last question I will know a little bit late. But my spill ice actually the energy coaching that you just mentioned before about the electromagnetic but I have a simple way to detect or prove that with a very simple Yeah, but you were you are correct. That if you wouldn't have just, you know, not desperate. so easily. Yeah. Alright. So I have a question about the CIA's, the client coaching program that you are offering. So personally, if I'm joining in the program, so every week, we will have a coaching call like this. So you've been coaching us, right? Every week? Yes. Every week,

[1083:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is one live that I do on Mondays. And then I also have trainings for courses that were just I keep recording new trainings, new courses, based off of like, so like, right now I'm doing two courses, the six steps, and then I'm doing automated marketing. And then what I'm doing is I'm listening to what are the questions that are coming in on our calls, and that helps me plan out what is the next course that I'm gonna create? So I'm just constantly iterating. If I find myself answering the same question multiple times on our coaching calls, it becomes a course. That's a big part of how my mom and I come up with what we make as courses is if the same question is asked more than three or four times it becomes a course. Because then you pre record it. And you just send people to that when they asked the question again. And so that's how you go up and up and up and up and build up to people that are more action takers are at a higher level, because you're able to serve people with your pre recorded content on the lower level. That's part of the value ladder. So for the courses that are relevant to the people that that are in the program, but there is also the live coaching and support. And I'm also in the group itself. Yeah, it's like, I'm always going live in there. And you don't have to be on every live call either to get the value from it. But there are plenty of opportunities to interact with me. I'm always also commenting in the group just answering questions to throughout the week. So my goal is to make it be really the best opportunity for people that are in the coaching and course space to get sales and to grow their businesses. Okay,

[1112:13] Speaker 5: so thank you very much.

[1112:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you're welcome. All right. That's it for today's bonus q&a Here. Joey says you're very accessible and CGA Thank you, Joey. I appreciate that. validating that for people as you're somebody who's who's in there. I love the group that we have in there. I actually get excited every every time I get to talk with the group. So all right, everybody, we're gonna log off now and we'll talk soon have a good one.

