Offer Launchpad 2 Day Experience Mastermind
Date: 2023-05-27T21:53:02.000Z
Duration: 68 min
Otter ID: cmaqLZ02h0C2slmuZgldgvXf0hE
---

[7:14] Speaker 0: All right we're gonna get going here

[13:18] Speaker 0: all right

[19:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, I'm gonna go live here in the Facebook group, we got the recording going already for this session. Oh, we already have I have my team, they're uploading the videos and the transcripts into the members area this morning, which is great. We already downloaded all those. So those will be in there for you to look at to review I went over transcript last night and this morning and just kind of I have this, this thing that I do

[28:49] Speaker 0: a little bit of

[29:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: a vulnerable moment for me to just share about myself. I am not. If you were I am not a debater, I am not somebody who you can put me on the spot and tell me be accountable. They're like, explain this to me like, but if I can sit and process it for a day or two, I can explain it really well. It's just not a skill set that I have to like be put on the spot and like have to come up with an answer for certain things. But I can come up with like a really good answer. If I have some time. And it's usually usually just overnight sleeping. That's why I like this event. It's a two day event. Because it helps me process a lot of what we talked about, internally, my neurotransmitters I've actually trained them that when I go to sleep to kind of process all the information from the previous day. And that's something that I trained myself to do. years ago that has helped me and so another thing is, is just the calm of not needing to have all the answers right away immediately when somebody asks something, if I noticed that I feel like I'm put on the spot or I don't have the answer instead of trying to come up with something I just pull back and kind of not try to have all the answers. And why am I saying this? There's something that I processed through last night about going from a broad niche to a more targeted niche. And I remember pointing this out specifically to a lot of my most successful clients is that even if you look at sure, like famous celebrities, thought leaders, people that are out there, I mean, even even if we look at Dean grazioso, you Tony Robbins, Sandy Gronkowski, Danny Johnson, Rick Pitino, Bill Johnson, Todd White, like any names, if you know, big name people that are speakers, they, they still niche down in a six to 12 month cycle, they may have a wide reach of who they reach over their career. But but you'll actually notice, like there's an author, John and Lisa Bevere, that I have looked at what they do, they reach a wide range of people, families, Christians, things like that. But they always niche down in a six to 12 month cycle on a very specific topic that their audience has been asking about. And so even when I look at,

[70:40] Speaker 0: like household names,

[71:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: celebrity speakers that I've worked with or talked with, they're still focused at least for about six to 12 months on one topic that they help people with before then moving on to another topic that's related to their, their their audience. And so what it is, is it's the audience is telling them, these are our struggles. These are pain points, these are what we're dealing with. And then that's where it seems like they the I've ever noticed some of your favorite authors suddenly come up with a book that's all about the thing you struggled with. Well, it's because they wrote those books based off of the feedback from people. And that's what they're niching down into right now, Amy Porterfield just did this recently, her whole, like two weeks notice to start your own business book that she launched. And then her offers that she's targeting are all about growing your email list, that's kind of her main thing, getting people to grow their email list, I find that she's very much closely aligned with even my target audience. And I actually got the idea of I should lead with grow my email list as an offer from seeing her run so many words that were like that Dean Graziosi, he's niched down his offer to start to sell your information and knowledge. And so when I look at is, anybody even that has celebrity status, thought leader level, they still have a specific hook or niche offer, that they ended up pushing for about six to 12 months, that then leads to the other things that they that they do. It's like the entry, it's the doorway into their ecosystem. And so if these like celebrity, they got millions of people on their email list, end up doing this, it applies just as much. So two coaches that are just getting started. And I actually I went to chat GPT. And this is how I like to use chat CBT to help me become a better coach

[102:55] Speaker 0: is,

[103:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I process through certain

[104:38] Speaker 0: ideas that I have,

[104:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and one of the biggest ones was that niching down, one of the extreme benefits of it is that it allows you to

[107:12] Speaker 0: build trust.

[108:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: With an audience by starting small, you build trust with that audience on a small scale, and then those people become your most loyal fans and will go with you to whatever your next offer is to your next thing. And when we say next thing like that will be six to 12 months down the road. Now, the other thing is, is this, if you notice that you're having a hard time, going from broad to niche, it can actually be

[115:15] Speaker 0: because

[116:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you may have not had enough interaction with enough people. I found for me, it takes about two to 300 interactions with people. And when I say that, it could be like two to three virtual events that had 300 people on them. So that's 300 people in front of me, the feedback from those people now helps me figure out how to niche down

[122:24] Speaker 0: a year ago,

[123:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was targeting build a build your own coaching business from scratch. And I found out that a lot of those people that I was targeting, they didn't want to use the internet. They didn't want to use social media, they didn't want to use paid advertising. They didn't want to do group coaching, they only wanted to do one on one coaching. So where I've niched down now is we're using online marketing, Facebook ads, group coaching, and the internet. And that's kind of my niche inside of the coaching industry that I focused on, if you want to learn how to build a coaching business, because there's a lot of people that teach it one on one coaching that doesn't involve the internet or paid advertising a, you can totally do that it's a longer tail, it takes a lot more years to do that. It's it takes time, the way that you do it without paid ads, and without the internet is you, you you create conversations with people, every every form of the coaching business involves connecting with a stranger building trust with them, and then selling them on your coaching in some form or another. And so the way that people do it without the internet as they literally meet strangers, like whether it be at church, Chamber of Commerce meetings, seminars, and they befriend these people, take them out to coffee, meet with them five to 10 times for free. And then eventually those people become a client. That's actually the process that Steve Chandler teaches in his prosperous coach book is and his whole book is about how to grow a coaching business without any social media without the internet whatsoever. And that's the process that he teaches is you show up where people congregate. So it's kind of the same idea and concept behind Facebook and Instagram, is people congregate on Facebook and Instagram. people congregate on social media, people congregate in Facebook groups, people congregate at seminars. And what's happened though, is that book was written in a pre COVID world. Now after COVID has happened, our human behaviors have shifted a little bit. We love being in person with people but I find that just as humans people seem to gather less than less than they did four years ago. Like in person, we're more selective as to where we're going to show up in person. And whatever your there's a lot of conspiracy theories behind all of that, and all that I'm not going to get into any of that right here. But it's like, human behavior has shifted. And so the internet is the best, who will have people to find for your coaching for your mentoring, or your training, and then when you niche down, you're able to train the algorithms to actually have you show up to the right people at the right time. And that's what we had talked about yesterday was with our offer with our copy, we're training the algorithm to actually show our offer to the right people. Such as you know, for Diane, like, you, our goal for you is to train the algorithm so that the only people who see your offer are, are pregnant women or wanting to be pregnant, but probably are pregnant already. And they're, they're probably starting to feel some of the fear and worry of giving birth, the pain, they've seen the horror stories, all of that. And now you're there to provide a sense of peace and to say, there's a better way, there's a better way, and you're able to show up. And really, you're that shining light of hope in their life. And you show up on the social media, and your show up in front of them whether you know, with a paid ad with your social media content, and you say, Hey, join me for this offer. I'm also going to spend an hour and a half together. And I'm going to help you to understand how this is possible. And then you'll be able to sell somebody on a program with that there is a lady

[189:56] Speaker 0: as well. The

[190:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: My wife actually followed her while she was pregnant. Karen Welton, pain free birth.com Right here. So this is her, her whole hook and offer right here, my wife actually bought three of her courses, too. So there is an there is a market for what you do. And you absolutely can do, like, make good money doing this because I know that Karen has with what she's done, and how she's presented herself.

[198:26] Speaker 0: And

[199:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I would even check her social media, I would check. You know, some of her resources some of her offers, she focuses more on the on the Christian spiritual aspect of it. So hers is very much Christian based. But she goes into the lot of just how the labor pain is avoidable pain, fear, tension. So she breaks a lot of this down to help cast the vision for women of exactly what we're talking about. And so that's something definitely for you to look into for your offer, as well as who is offering a similar type of service. Again, what I recommend people do is I don't ever look at very rarely do I look at my competitors content. I did read Amy Porterfield 's book, because I was really curious how she worded certain things. And I loved it because her book actually validated 100% of everything that I've been teaching people, she's saying the exact same things. But she says it in a little bit of a simpler way. One of the biggest things that I love that she said in her book, and I would check it out, it's a great book. She says you do not need to have a fancy pretty website. She says I love pretty websites. In the beginning, do not invest your time and effort into having a pretty website, get an offer up that gets leads and grow your email list. So you can close sales. And I was like, yes, even Amy Porterfield that people, like look up to as like she's got like the fanciest prettiest stuff going on is saying the same thing that I'm saying. So I love that I don't always look at like what my competitors are teaching. Unless it's like in that instance, where I want to see how she's wording certain things. But I do look at what their their offers are in their marketing message for their landing pages.

[228:49] Speaker 0: Because oftentimes,

[229:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: if somebody is in the same market as you and you find two or three people, they've already tested the sales copy. There, especially if they're successful, they've already tested that that sales copy works. There's a misconception about offer creation, that that we have to be

[234:40] Speaker 0: the first original

[235:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: person who landed on the moon of whatever our offer is we're going to be the first person to stake our claim into what this offer is and so we have to write our copy in such a way that it's so different from everybody else that it stands out. And and that's See a complete load of hooey. In my opinion, when it comes to creating offers and copy, you want to know what makes you stand out is your unique energy as a human being. So if I have an offer that says Start your coaching business from scratch, that's almost the exact same offer that Dean Grazi OC is running, but I'm not Dean Grazi OC. I don't have I haven't built 150 $200 million plus coaching. But I mean, his track record is incredible, right? But my offer speaks to the exact same thing Richard dine also has a similar offer, starting a coaching business from scratch, and I look out okay, what is the copy that Richard used in his offer? What is the copy that Dean used in his offer? And then how does that match? Does this match my clients? Does this match what they're doing? And what I'll usually do is I will actually copy what are the headlines that I really like, from other people's landing pages and other people's offers. And what you might not know is, if we're talking about specifically intellectual property, and plagiarism is a sales offer,

[259:15] Speaker 0: in and of itself,

[260:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: is very hard, especially for education. And coaching, is nearly impossible to actually copyright and say that you're the only person who can do this and teach this. So realize that actually learning from the what is the angle, what is the hook that other people are using for their offers? You reverse engineer that and then you can take that into chat GBT. And you can have chat. JpT even reword, say, okay, take this text, reword it in this tone, or this way. And now you have original sales, copy that chat GPT created, that's based off of an existing offer that's already working that somebody else has already invested time into. And that's how we put together a lot of our offers my offer that we did for my mom.

[274:03] Speaker 0: I looked at 10 different

[274:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: stock market coaches offers. How did I find all their offers? Well, it was very, very easy. I did you know that if you start clicking on certain websites about a certain topic, Facebook and Instagram are gonna start showing you ads about that topic. So within 24 to 48 hours, I was clicking on everything related to the stock market. This is how if I'm writing copy for somebody, I will start looking at every single website related to that industry. And then Facebook will end up showing me ads for people in that industry. So I started getting nothing but stock market ads. So I clicked on everybody's stock market offer. I copied all their landing pages to my swipe file. And then I highlighted what are the headlines that I really liked that I know would resonate with my mom's audience, or that I really felt emotionally connected with, we built that together recrafted, it spun it up in chat GPT. And that's what wrote the copy for my mom's offer that generated so much sales. So this is how we write offers. This is how we create the copy for our sales offers is by doing that is by taking what are other people in the marketplace already marketing, similarly in our industry, and you might say, well, there's no other coaches in my industry, okay, maybe there is a website or a blogger or something. And that's where answer the public can help. You can find the questions that people ask or answer the public.com. To see what are the questions that people are actually asking to see who else is making offers in these different niches. You can also look on Amazon who has written a book in this industry. And generally Amazon's really, really cool because every single book that's on Amazon has a description. There's a book right here that I use when I first started building, this offer set that I borrowed a lot of copy from, it was a book solid by Martin Michael Port,

[306:12] Speaker 0: right here. And so I looked at how

[307:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Amazon how he describes what the book is right here. Innovate for continuous growth with less work, cultivate the right attitude for continued success, increase your sales, leverage it so I started rewording this in the way that coaches that I was working with would want to work with. So on Amazon, you can actually see reviews that other people have left for other people's books. Here's what you can look at is reviews like

[314:44] Speaker 0: this could be the type

[315:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: of review that you would like a potential client to leave for your offer. And so you can start to look at who else is out there. What are people saying that they got out of certain books and and things like that.

[319:05] Speaker 0: And so Amazon On answer the public.com and just

[321:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: going, looking at what is in your newsfeed on Facebook and Instagram for ads that are running is a great way to see what offers people are running.

[324:02] Speaker 0: So all right, um,

[325:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: John, you're here I know we were going to work on your offer your text. And let me ask you this have you? Have you taken a look at? Who else is out there? That's marketing to your market?

[328:34] Speaker 0: Yeah, Cora is another

[328:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing that you could use. The only thing about Cora is it's more opinionated, I'm not really looking for other people's opinions. I'm not a big fan of people's opinions. When it comes to my marketing. I'm more looking for because I found that if I build my marketing on opinions, it falls flat most of the time, if I build it on who else is actually selling a product to that market or industry? Who else is actually making an offer? For a product? Whether it be a book, a course or a training to that industry? And then how do they word their marketing in that that's going to give me the best?

[339:47] Speaker 0: The insight is that

[340:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: this hook and offer is also going to work if I promote the same exact thing?

[343:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, we can definitely go talk about that. Dana. John, are you on here? Yeah, I

[344:54] Speaker 0: haven't said oh, you can? Hey, what's up?

[346:11] Speaker 2: The answer your question is sort of, I've not found anybody who's telling exactly what I do. But there's plenty of people doing mindset. Trends, transform your life be the best version of yourself. That's the show yesterday was quite good. Actually, I would like to go back to that. You showed somebody yesterday, it said how to become a better person or something to do that was somebody famous, I think so.

[352:40] Speaker 0: are well known.

[353:43] Speaker 2: Anyway, if you can't remember, we can go back and

[354:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's funny when I like when I teach, I get into this, like the flow and I kind of like transcribe it. I know the feeling. I look back at my transcripts to kind of remember what I had talked about, right? Um, here's something that I would say is if nobody is out there teaching exactly what you're teaching a your methodology might be super unique, super helpful for people. But we do want to at least use your marketing language to fit into what people are used to finding in the marketplace. Yeah, so a lot of your marketing language it might not particularly be exactly connected to what you teach but it will speak to the type of person that you're wanting to attract at the right time.

[368:29] Speaker 2: Right Yeah, I'm just looking at those now. I think I have a couple of them saved off so okay, I'm just seeing if they actually still because sometimes obviously like you when the offers not available the page doesn't exist

[372:45] Speaker 0: Yeah Okay, so that's one let me let me go grab to what you had posted as far as your niche I

[375:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: have I do have that over here I'm just gonna pull it up on my zoom window

[376:21] Speaker 2: here yeah

[378:31] Speaker 2: hold on a second I just need to make a chat downstairs for somebody

[380:38] Speaker 0: I'm logging into

[380:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: zoom right now to go grab yesterday's

[382:09] Speaker 0: the chat that was in there

[383:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that way I can see no I don't need you guys to

[383:54] Speaker 0: repost it if you need it. So no, I

[384:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: got I got it right here I got the I got the whole chat file right here. There it is. I love that like a lot of the like zoom like stories all this and then you connect it with otter and as all that oh yeah, it was in session two wasn't

[388:56] Speaker 0: here this. There we go.

[391:38] Speaker 0: Business up

[391:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: people, business owners on antidepressants who want to get off of

[392:53] Speaker 0: them. Can we define we need to find the antidepressants. Is it that is it that even be somebody who's like using CBD oil or marijuana

[399:17] Speaker 2: i would i would hope not really Maybe, I mean, I guess it's the whole idea is that if you're taking antidepressants, you've been prescribed by your doctor. And you've gone to your doctor and said, How do I get off these pills? How do I don't want to take these anymore? What do I do? And the doctor basically says, You have to go and be happy, and then come back. And then once you're happy enough, will allow you to come off the pills. And go, Well, how do I get happy? And the guidance doctor just says, We're gonna figure it out for yourself. No, you

[406:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, what to you tap into? Is people's

[407:56] Speaker 0: not needing permission to live the life they want?

[409:25] Speaker 2: A little bit. Yeah. But I'm, yeah,

[410:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: because they're looking for permission from their doctor to do what they want to do.

[411:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, but it can be dangerous to come off antidepressants frequently. So there's a there's a process of coming off them. And also, it might be that your doctor said, You need to go on antidepressant and they said, I don't want to go and take on pills. It's like, how do I solve this problem without taking pills? That's the other side of the same coin. Right? Yeah, cuz it's, uh, you missed this. The other day, somebody asked me, I was on another little chatting thing this week. And they said, they were talking about overcoming your own fears. And they said, so what's the you know, whatever your fear is, what's the worst that can really happen? And I said, well, the worst that can really happen is if somebody pays me money to help them get off antidepressants, and then they decide to kill themselves and their family blames me for it. That's the worst that can happen. And she and then she just said, Oh, well, yeah. But that's not going to happen. So you can just ignore that. And I'm like, no, no, you asked me what my real fear was. That's the fear that's holding me back and stopping me from

[425:17] Speaker 0: I gotcha, crushing it. So

[425:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, I'm finding I'm finding that that we I have the same habit of like, I go to the whatever the worst case scenario is, I mean, mine was the worst thing I think that it can happen and like, with what I teach people, is that somebody just creates a huge scam program and like, defrauds, millions of people and then their clients come after me for teaching the method. But but I'm like, I've sort of released myself from that responsibility of if somebody does that. That's not my fault.

[433:42] Speaker 2: Yeah. Really worried about that. It's more than Yeah, she said that and then brushed it away. Like, it wasn't even a thing. I'm like, you asked me what my biggest fear was? Yeah. Well, I helped me deal with the fear. And I was like, You're right.

[437:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: That that's more it sounds like a an amateur coach that you were talking. And that's somebody who, they don't quite know how to coach somebody. Well, if that's your biggest fear, that's super valid. Like that's, you're dealing with that that's that's a legitimate fear and worry. Um, it I would say that that fear isn't helping you.

[443:22] Speaker 2: Go along with that, for sure. And it's not even, it's not even a really realistic fear as well. And a few, quite a few people come back to me so but they're probably we're gonna do that anyway. So all you've done, it's

[446:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: also very true. Totally, exactly. Yeah. If it wasn't, you will be somebody else, they would figure it out. People do what they want to do. They're very selfishly go after that.

[449:42] Speaker 2: I'm coming back to something you said I think an a nother thing recently about what you're what you're promising. Yes. And you were talking about big promises, and it posted something in the chat. I'm not sure if you picked up on it. But somebody told me once to this is a long time ago. That a good way of getting around that is say everybody will do X, Y and Zed. Some will do X, you know, whatever, ABC. Oh, yeah. And so most, most will do A, B and C, and then some will do x, f, Ng, for example. So then you're kind of getting around the, I'm not promising that you will come off antidepressants and have a fantastic one. That's, that's the thing is I'm teaching you the tools that will help you improve your life.

[461:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and you just brought up a very like, this is right there a microcosm of something that I think that's gonna encourage some people with, I would make the big bold promise on your sales page, and then explain that in the actual training and pitch itself, like during the webinar is like the, but like, in the actual sales letter, because the idea

[467:09] Speaker 0: is

[467:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: the fact that most people who opt into a sales letter aren't even going to go through the pitch. The ones who actually go through it are seeking that promise. And so they're going to listen to you clarify what that promise means in the sales pitch. So and, and so that's where I find just in my integrity, is I'm not afraid to make a really bold promise on my sales copy. Because I go in and I do explain that once you actually kind of get into the training with me as all of that and so as long as you kind of have that as part of your ecosystem that'll that'll allow you to be bolder with what your offers are. Now, here's my question though to you.

[478:17] Speaker 0: Is it Are you are you are you a medical doctor? No, no. Okay. This is

[480:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: my only concern about the antidepressant and medicine.

[481:37] Speaker 2: Right? Right. Exactly. Which is precisely why my pitch I sometimes it depends on the audience who I'm talking to. But my, my actual phrase would be, I help you have a conversation with your doctor about coming off antidepressants. That's the point I'm going for. So I'm helping to empower themselves to have a conversation with a doctor. And then and then talk about that medical stuff with their doctor. Because I'm the I'm the guy who I want the doctors to send people to to say, go speak to John, he'll get you to the point where you're happier now you're living your better life, you've improved everything. You've got your habits back on track, then come back to me. And we talked about coming off appeals. That's kind of the area I'm working in. Yeah. When I, when I expressed that concern in the group thing that happened this week, I actually had a medical doctor coming back to me saying, Hey, can I talk to you? So that was kind of cool. Because I said, Oh, so you're planning to actually look, he said, Yeah, I've got some clients who want to go find to depresses we don't have we don't want to deal with them. So

[497:19] Speaker 0: Oh, cool. Awesome. So

[498:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, it looks like as well,

[499:29] Speaker 0: what

[500:10] Speaker 2: Cindy just said the same thing, what

[500:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: your let what your language that we're dealing

[501:04] Speaker 0: with is stuff we're going

[502:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be people when we talk about like business owners, executives, people that are probably very motivated to do things and other parts of their life, but they feel stuck in this area. So they feel out of control when they feel like somebody who has control in other parts of their life. Yeah, and it's and it's actually an internal conflict of their identity. Of that's actually what we're dealing with is somebody who feels an identity conflict with Okay, I am the master of my own universe over here. But when it comes to my, my brain, I mean, I feel that way. Sometimes when it comes to my emotions and working with my therapist, you know, I'm like, Okay, I feel out of control over here some days with my emotions, but I am in complete control over my life, my future my destiny. So, again, I have found more often than not that I relate in some way to each person who's in this programs offers, and then that helps me write better copy because what would attract me to want to learn from your offer? Right. Right. A big part of it would be

[519:46] Speaker 0: I think when I look at the work of, of Gay Hendricks, yes. His work? Yes. The way that he

[523:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: sells his teaching. Yeah, the way that he because really what you're selling is exactly the topic of the

[525:51] Speaker 0: big leap. Very similar.

[526:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very similar to the hook of, and when I say that it's a big leap to have this conversation. Oh,

[529:39] Speaker 2: I never thought of it that way.

[530:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a big leap to have this conversation with your doctor. They're stepping into their zone of genius by being able to have be empowered to have that

[532:33] Speaker 0: conversation. Right.

[532:57] Speaker 2: All right. Yeah. Cuz I often say that the problem with a lot of people who haven't been through it who don't know what it feels like, right, is that is that it the the mental energy it requires to make that change in your life? Habits? It's a lot of effort and people talk about why don't you make your your copy? My mom 30 If your best life be your most amazing person and be a completely awesome, you're like, well, to people who are struggling with depression. That's like, what are you going to climb Mount Everest tomorrow's like,

[541:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom 30 3040 I mean, her whole life really up to the last year or so. Even she dealt with this, she's dealt with that her health challenges and then

[544:16] Speaker 0: and so like, it's funny, the reason I'm

[545:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: saying that about my mom, she sent me a couple drafts of a new book that she's writing and she gets really vulnerable and reveals like, stuff that she's never told anybody that I'm like, Whoa, like, I didn't even realize you were dealing with that when I was growing up mom, like, like, it's incredible. But like that was her journey that she had to work through and it took her that cycle she went through you know, spiritual teaching business coaching life coaches, back to spiritual coaching back to therapy, on and off different, you know, treatments and things like that. And, and she's still on her journey right now, but she's the happiest I've ever seen her. And she and that came through learning how to how to manage her emotions. Learn how to be happier more often. And by by working for her by working was a therapist doing EMDR and, and therapy specifically? So

[561:22] Speaker 0: again, and you're not a therapist either.

[563:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So but a lot of your methodologies you just learned a lot over the years.

[564:13] Speaker 0: And so

[564:25] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah, I'm an I'm officially qualified NLP practitioner. So have that a little bit. Okay, perfect. So yeah, but I don't really use, okay, I don't really use that I have, yeah, I have my own. Basically, it's a list of, of daily habits that I would teach people to do, but also help them to understand how their brain works, how the neurons inside your head fire. So I've done a lot of study of brain biology and how it all works, hangs together, and then how you can actually create new new neural pathways moving forward, how you can then embed them and make sure that those become your new habits moving forward. So it's a lot of just changing the way you look at the world and think about the world. And, yeah, and your daily habits, and so forth, hence the end to the Korean happy book that I'm doing. And also business

[577:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: owner who feels chained to the pressures and expectations of your life struggling with negative thoughts and emotions and feel drained. Do you wish you could break free from that cycle?

[580:08] Speaker 0: Yeah, that sounds about right. All those hurdles,

[580:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: completely normal. So what I did was I took what you sent me right here.

[582:26] Speaker 0: GBT process,

[583:05] Speaker 1: it kind of like mapped out its own opinions on that. I said, what are 20 sub niches that are most profitable. And then I said, Write a sales letter based on the above that includes the following. And I just copied this line from the big leap, I just copied this text right here. And that's where it kind of came up with introducing the 90 day.

[589:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could call it something else you could call it the the happier you program or something like that. So perfectly tailored for business professionals to go on a journey of self discovery and growth. And another thing that I've noticed is a lot of people who sell this to entrepreneurs, they usually package it more in a holistic sense to where it's about, we're going to show you mind, mind, finances and body as well. Like how to work on your physical health, your mental health and your financial health. And so that's a big one, too. When you talk with entrepreneurs, what's the biggest reason why somebody who is a business owner wants to deal with their mental health? Well, it's so they can make more

[600:56] Speaker 0: money. That's actually the big motivating driver. Yeah, with less stress with less pain. Yeah, they

[603:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: know what they can do. But they also know the pain that they experience.

[604:34] Speaker 0: Yeah, I

[605:05] Speaker 2: don't Yeah, I'm not sure I would want to sell that. But it would certainly be a byproduct of, of taking control of their mental health, for sure.

[607:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. So that's where we take a look at like, what is the outcome of a business owner who takes control of their, their mental health starts to create a create happy, as we say, and their life start to have more happier days, overcome the those internal limits and fears. You know, I used to have a guy I worked with for a while. And he taught something. But his name was Tom challen, he was actually my first boss that I had after my mom, I worked with my mom when I was younger than I worked for this guy and helped build his websites when I was working with Danny Johnson. And his biggest thing that he tells people is how to have more happier usable days in your life as an entrepreneur, and that's the language that he uses that I think really connected is that, you know, do you ever have those days where you just feel like, you're just, you literally can't do anything? Well, that's a day that's not really usable and effective for you. So how can you create more days in your life that you can actually optimize into what you want? And the idea is, and similarly, the big leap kind of has that same type of language and it is how to have more of those happy days. It's not the it's not the I think that there's a facade that every single day is going to be happy, perfect and amazing. Like this is not reality on planet Earth. But if you just have more of those days and you start to add more of them to your life, it will

[630:23] Speaker 0: transform your life. Yes, exactly what teaching people how to kind

[631:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: of break out of the habit cycles that have created the negativity.

[632:40] Speaker 2: Yeah, exactly. And the for me at least anyway, it was the well yeah, and in fact I have I don't have it to handle the moment I'll figure it out in a minute. I have a chart which I use based on the slight edge book which basically just has a it's like a tracking chart habit tracking sharp. You know, habit tracking shots has had this whole thing about like a chain and if you break the chain, you kind of you lose everything. The idea behind the slide. Oh, I might have gotten here. I have I have one on my door here. So yes, the idea here is you track, you know, days when I did the things that I wanted to do, and then it goes down if you didn't do a day. And the idea is you finish above the line at the end of the week, instead of below the line. So so more of the days during your month have been positive and upward. And then obviously, the more days you can do more than more, the higher up that line you can get. And over time, you can accelerate that and improve.

[645:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: That also reminds me of is the compound effect by Darren Hardy?

[646:49] Speaker 2: Yeah, society. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So smart agents, the same concept?

[648:28] Speaker 0: Well, that's where I'm saying, okay.

[649:27] Speaker 1: See, as we're talking, I'm like, I'm thinking like, your offer will be like a little bit of a combo of The Slight Edge, to compound effect, and the big leap for entrepreneurs that feel stuck taking medicine or, or really, it could just be they're stuck in a cycle of what you might even be. It's just, they're stuck. That's what it is, is they're stuck. And they feel like they don't know what to do to get unstuck. Because they have a vision of okay, I have, the idea is, if somebody wants to get off antidepressants, they have a vision for a future where they're not on antidepressants, they can see it clearly in their mind. But they feel like it's beyond their grasp, it's out of reach.

[661:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now that I have a vision for I want to go, I feel stuck, it's out of reach, that goes beyond just people that have antidepressants to a lot of business owners experience that,

[664:55] Speaker 0: I would say even

[665:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: in, in general with coaching, is that's what you're kind of finding people is they can see where they're going. But they feel like it's beyond reach, and you bridge that gap. And that's what we sell is the bridge gap to that goal that people have. Okay, so for you that bridge gap, as you're kind of combining some of these different strategies that you've learned over

[671:22] Speaker 0: the years. As well, you could say, because how long have you been studying this stuff for? Whatever decades,

[673:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: three decades,

[674:28] Speaker 2: or at least at least 10 years, since I had a had a massive panic attack in January of 2020, to 2012, rather. And that was when I went to the doctor and they put me on antidepressants for the fourth time. And I said to my doctor, I don't want to do this anymore. How do I stop this? And my doctor actually suggested doing mindfulness meditation CBT. And I went on a course and I learned those things, and then started building on those and going well, okay, there's something here, what else can we meet? Because it's not all this. And then I started asking people, What do you do to get off antidepressants, and then I got like, 20 different answers. But then I started to realize there was a pattern and everybody had elements of the same things in them. So that's when I came up with the list of 14 things which was on my original card. And we added nutrition because I forgot about interesting nutrition, because I've always known trician is very important. I always eat healthy. So it never occurred to me, that's never been a problem for me. But then I added it in because I realized that actually that could be a big problem for other people. It's

[688:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: been it's been major for my my life. The last two years. I didn't realize I had like a crazy sugar addiction. I was just constantly eating sugar two years ago and couldn't think straight to create offers. I couldn't figure out why I was struggling to even be focused to create offers. And as soon as I stopped the sugar, I started to create offers that were making money in my business. It was it was like the weirdest thing. And so then I went off alcohol. And then and now we've been eating healthy, like way healthier. Now I'm exercising every single day, just all of these are compounding and I'm noticing that my mental health is affected by all those

[698:00] Speaker 2: and they're all on the list. Yeah, you just use a pretty my point.

[699:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So what we're what we're dealing with is, and it was funny because I actually had to work through I was so resistant to physical exercise because I had actually gotten down to I gotten down to 5% body fat back in 2012. I was I was going to do a bodybuilding competition. And I was like, I was working out four hours a day, just go in and it was like I was like, I don't ever want that life again. So like I put back on all the weight and I avoided working out for like four years. Now I'm finally exercising every single day and I feel us actually so much better, so much happier. So

[710:19] Speaker 1: in this what you just shared about you. In 2012 you found yourself in a similar position. See what I'm taking is what we're talking about. As I'm having chat GBT add some of this in here, reclaim your mental health and harness the power of mindfulness. As a business owner, the pressures and demands of the professional life can be overwhelming. Do you feel drained?

[715:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me assure you you're not alone in 2012. I found myself in a similar position. Struggling with intense pressures as a business constant anxiety I sought help was prescribed antidepressants that seemed like the right solution at the time. But I realized that it wasn't it may have alleviated some symptoms but it wasn't addressing the root cause That's how I began the journey on a different path. And what we could say is, let's rewrite this toppie to be more about how I was put on anti

[723:02] Speaker 0: depressants for the fourth time and didn't want to be on and refused to let that be the cycle that I would go down. Because I think that that's really

[728:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: who you're speaking to, is you're speaking to people that are at that breaking point moment of they refuse to go back into that cycle.

[730:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, you know,

[730:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: have you ever felt the joy and energy of life slipping away replaced by uneasiness? I found myself confronted with the same predicament and tense pressures. And what was the pressure? Was it from business? Or was it from something else? What was it from? Oh? I was money.

[734:25] Speaker 2: Yeah. Okay. I had a panic attack, because I had no idea how I was going to pay the rent at the end of January 2012. So my Yeah, and I didn't know that was the problem. Until I went to the doctor. And then we had a conversation and she said, Oh, well, let's get you on. state benefits. I don't know what the equivalent or business state isn't America actually is going through at the moment, isn't it? You've got the whole thing at the moment with the debt ceiling thing that you might lose all your benefits?

[742:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. Reclaim Your peace term financial stress into a stepping stone. You ever felt felt your heart pounding out of your chest mind racing, all because of overwhelming financial stress. So you could be looking for people with financial stress and strain rather than specifically business owners?

[747:31] Speaker 2: No, not really. Because I figured out how to solve that problem. I'm still I'm still financially stressed 1311 years later, so I wouldn't want to sell that. But and this is, this is one of my other impostor syndromes that keeps keeps popping up is like, How can I teach people about success when I haven't really achieved it myself? But then I've had quite a few people saying to me if you have had success in every area of your life, every area of your mental health life? Yeah. necessarily your financial and love life yet?

[754:56] Speaker 0: Yeah. I I dealt with that as well. That's a very common thing, especially.

[757:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's connected to your desire for integrity. Yeah.

[759:57] Speaker 0: As but it can also be connected to feeling like you're not where you want to be yet. And so, for me,

[762:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had to make peace with Am I where I want to be in my life.

[763:28] Speaker 0: No, not yet. Do I have information

[764:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that can help people get to where I'm at? Absolutely.

[765:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, exactly. And so I had to make peace with. I'm gonna find people that are where I was, and help them get to where I am right now. Right.

[769:28] Speaker 2: Which is exactly what that quote from Robert Kiyosaki said that Napoleon Hill said, you can succeed, best and quickest by helping others to succeed.

[772:33] Speaker 0: So you know, exactly.

[774:32] Speaker 2: I've never had children yet. So I don't understand the concept of outsiders. Specifically that but I understand the concept of that. Be the second grader teaching the first graders what she's saying. So you only have to be a few pages ahead in the textbook. This is how I've heard it said as well. So it's the same thing. Yeah, exactly. So I've I've sorted out I used to struggle with depression and anxiety on a regular basis. And I haven't struggled with that. Since 2017. was the last time I had a had an emotional breakdown.

[783:13] Speaker 1: You know, are you stuck in a cycle of overwhelming stress, negative thoughts and dependence on the President's back in 2012, I was where you are, I had a whirlwind of financial stress. Pressure grew so immense that triggered a panic attack. And it was a wake up call for me facing the dread. Not knowing how to pay the rent. I found myself prescribed it for the fourth time, but I decided then in there, this cycle couldn't define my life. Nice. See, so that's how like, we're able to sort of describe to chat GBT,

[791:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: more of your story how we want it to be so we're not obviously we're not promising financial success. But we are anchoring it to the fact that that was one of the root causes for you.

[794:08] Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. Actually, when I had my breakdown in 2017, it was the same problem. So yeah, I'd worked for somebody for 10 months, and they hadn't paid me and off. And it was really frustrating. So every month it was like, next month, or next month. And when he finally said, I'll pay you I said, I'll give you a percentage of my company. I'm like, that doesn't really help me

[799:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: learn at all. Yeah, I get people I get people Well, two months usually. Yeah. And then they're gone because they're there. Their actions speak louder than their words.

[802:08] Speaker 2: Yeah. For sure, it was I had

[803:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: a, I had a client and it's funny is once like the two months 60 Day came around, I got really stern with them. I said, Listen, if you don't pay, we're done working together. And then they finally paid and I was like, okay, so this person just needs me to follow up with them harsher. This was, this is a client that I had like four or five years ago, they wouldn't pay me like every two months, they would pay. But they always paid every two months, which is funny. So kept working on because I ultimately got my money. So

[811:24] Speaker 0: I had to be more

[811:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: assertive. It's okay to be assertive with people that are not, you know, if they're just ignoring you. Attracting better people.

[814:09] Speaker 2: Yeah, I did try and do that. And that's, that's when everything went up itself. He sold the business that I had set up for him about a year and a half later for like two and a half. And I didn't give me any of it. So I went back to the new company that bought it and said, Hey, I've got a whole bunch of outstanding invoices here. Can you can you pay some of these and we eventually settled on about six grand so. Okay, so

[819:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you know that that can be doubted that that's actually like a traumatizing situation? Oh, yeah. Like legitimately, like, that's actually like, legit.

[822:02] Speaker 2: I've had many trauma.

[822:42] Speaker 1: You know, and I want to I want to encourage anybody else who's on here, like, don't downplay quote, unquote, your trauma when it comes to business, or working with people just because it's like, I wasn't physically abused or beaten or things like that, like PTSD could literally just be like, what John described right here of people not paying him and he met, I didn't just settle up with somebody who steal business from him. Like, that's trauma right there. You know, and so, that alone,

[830:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is this?

[830:57] Speaker 2: This is, this is my story since 2012, basically, so I had somebody asked, somebody offered to write me a press release, and they did it and they released it. And then like a week later, it vanished off the off the off the website. So luckily, I had a an A P, a PDF, original PDF version of it. Okay, multiple traumas going on there.

[836:51] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay, so Well, let me see. Consider the following.

[838:25] Speaker 2: And then I had a, I had a link before that as well. I'm not sure if you saw the Find your fire 15 One, which was an original, which is an old landing page I did. Which was actually quite a clever concept. Somebody said, Write a letter to a friend who was struggling with the same problem you have effectively so I can't remember the exact process but along those lines.

[846:57] Speaker 0: I think Yeah. embarking on a journey of mental freedom. Join our free three day seminar. Imagine waking up to a day filled with joy and optimism, vibrant enthusiasm, they were stressed and depression don't take you down. My name is John Denley.

[851:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: My journey to this point is far from smooth and linear years ago, I found myself at the pit of despair.

[853:30] Speaker 0: So what I'm saying is, is this

[853:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: could be like this is like the sales copy for a three day event that you could do to then sell a program. Oral oral or a one or webinar. Yeah. And so then what I can do is I can take this, this is where I would take these

[857:53] Speaker 0: two right here. We can see your screen. Oh, sorry. My bad.

[859:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I took your press release, I told it to I said I acknowledged this is something that I do with Chad GBT, I acknowledged that I liked its output. And so that seems to anchor it that we want to keep a lot of the similar tone, great sales letter, I like that one, consider the following and write a sales letter based on the above for a free three day seminar challenge, so that I copied your press release.

[866:17] Speaker 0: And that says Imagine waking up to a day filled with joy and optimism. I created a unique framework. Okay, so what I don't like about this is it's very wordy. It's like what you're doing doesn't fit the sales letter approach well. So what I'm going to do now is I'm gonna take sales letter one, sales letter two

[875:52] Speaker 0: and this will be like

[875:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: the beginning process of writing the sales letter that I would do.

[877:09] Speaker 0: And then I would go combine the following sales letters, but be less wordy about the specific methods and probe grams that John has talked more about the desired outcome for freedom and getting unstuck and share story that he's been where the target client has been, to influence a decision to register for this free webinar,

[887:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find by telling it to write it in a way that influences the decision. It's the AI goes to work and sort of understands persuasive copy better that way. Okay, so now let's see what it is. Do you ever wake up feeling stuck in the same cycle of stress and depression

[892:12] Speaker 0: belong?

[892:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you longing for life filled with outlets for survival, but real joy and fulfillment? I've been there. And you don't have to use all of this if you don't want to call yourself that. It's not so long ago, I was trapped in a seemingly never ending cycle of financial stress and mental health struggles. Basically my darkest hour as prescribed antidepressants, and I want those into my life. The resolution marked the start of my transformative journey to mental freedom through this journey to discover the tools and techniques, I want to invite you to a free webinar.

[900:18] Speaker 0: A powerful

[901:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: language is where a powerful step and a powerful step in your journey from stuck to unstuck I'll share my story, my struggles, and most importantly my victories to give you practical insights to regain your mental health and well being. Okay, so now this is where we we want to anchor it towards the person and the outcome. This is where I would I would copy this this is like a good

[908:24] Speaker 0: starting place for a sales letter. Yeah. We want to now get more specific. Rewrite the following sales letter in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone that is geared towards business owners and successful working professionals who will sign up for this adjust the language and hooks to be attractive and persuasive to this successful demographic to invite them to register for a free event or webinar.

[926:35] Speaker 0: Or felt stuck in

[926:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: a Groundhog Day of stress, anxiety, craving for more than just getting through each day but truly living in freedom you're not alone. Once upon a time, I was drowning in crazy debt battling mental health monsters. Life was a continuous stress fest with panic attacks. Sound familiar? At one point in my lowest point at swelling into their presence for the umpteenth time, I told myself John, This can't be it. You need to break free I was yearning for change. I don't like the language that it's writing this in let's

[935:21] Speaker 0: let's adjust this a little bit. What's up?

[936:04] Speaker 2: Sounds cool. I want to break free of your song.

[937:55] Speaker 0: Consider that teachings of Russell Brunson, and Dan Kennedy, as well as Gary Halbert style of copywriting This offer is

[942:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: now let's see how it's going to tweak that. Ready to get unstuck and for in your mind. Ever had one of those mornings where you feel like you're on a hamster wheel of stress, anxiety, maybe even a little bit bluesy feeling, craving for a life that's more than just getting by bursting with joy.

[948:45] Speaker 0: There's different approaches and ways that you can avoid some of this. If we go back to the original one that we had there. So some of this is just let me remove the informal because I think it needs to be slightly more formal, but it definitely needs to be persuasive, so conversational and persuasive.

[955:46] Speaker 0: You ever open your eyes and wish you could experience not just the daily grind but true joy and fulfillment? I've been there and it's tough. I also know a way out

[957:45] Speaker 2: nice.

[958:48] Speaker 0: The past life I was in your shoes. Well, you can say yeah, you don't have saying the past life you know I was in your shoes not long ago though the vortex of financial woes and mental health battles knee deep and 400,000 pounds of debt paralyzed by the constant fear at the peak of the yes this sounds this sounds more like how you would say it I think and some of the how I think it would resonate with your audience you arm yourself with the tools now you're reaching out with an exclusive invitation to join you for a free seminar as a powerful stepping stone from pain to feeling unstuck. Okay, so now what I want to do is generate 20 possible headlines in a similar tone and style the following template

[975:25] Speaker 0: this is where I would actually take this

[977:50] Speaker 0: just take this one right here

[979:36] Speaker 2: okay camera for a couple of seconds

[981:18] Speaker 0: I'm still listening. Based on the above context and

[983:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Unleash the Power Within. That's funny this Tony Robbins right there, catapult okay, this is all about making six figures though we don't want to use that.

[987:44] Speaker 0: Similar and cadence based on the above info about

[992:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: mental health. Finally, discover the keys to unlocking mental freedom. Even if you're feeling stuck or overwhelmed right now, take control of your mental health journey, even if you've never had a coach before leap forward to a brighter fulfilling future, regardless of your current state. So these are like bold promises that you'll have a headline at the top of the page, embark on a journey of overcoming your challenges. Even if you feel on stalking, like nothing's worked for you. And you can't seem to get off

[1000:00] Speaker 0: of off of prescribed medicine.

[1001:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like that would be the headline at the top there. That's kind of your bold promise for what this offer is. They're going to experience freedom, joy, and they're going to be liberated from the chains of being stuck with the medicine with the mindsets. And and have freedom. And that will be like the headline that goes right right here at the top of the page. And then you go into that copy that we kind of came up with right here. Right? And then that becomes your webinar or your or or a multi day event that then you would just craft that into like a program as well. Very similar topic. Yeah,

[1012:46] Speaker 2: that's the that's the bit I'm stuck on at the moment.

[1013:58] Speaker 0: Right. 20. Possible, what are you stuck on?

[1015:02] Speaker 2: Oh, the the structure of getting people from like a one a webinar or a short program into a longer form. Pay program from free to pay is like so I want to I need to get money. Because, yeah, money is a problem. They're trying to transition people into a paid program.

[1021:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: You do it with the actual video sales presentation and the follow up emails. Yeah. So like, those are the tools that you use, you invite them in. They they hear from you about a promised talk, to help them liberate them, their mental freedom, all of that. And then at the end of it, you're selling them on the program that you that you've developed, that is going to take them all the way to the finish line with you and you'll be there to guide them, help them along the way. Deal with roadblocks. Anything that's trapping them, stopping them.

[1031:01] Speaker 2: Yeah, roadblocks is the key. Yeah. Because that's the support. Because most of these, I mean, most of the most of the stuff that's on here is just like one line thing. It's like if you just do the damn things that are on this list, you don't need my program. It's like,

[1034:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: what Yeah, so you know that right? But but but when you were in it 12 years ago,

[1036:58] Speaker 0: nobody could have told you that.

[1038:12] Speaker 2: Interesting, interesting. I would have said yeah, if somebody had given me this look this list 12 years ago, it could have helped

[1039:44] Speaker 0: Yeah, but they didn't. Yeah.

[1041:15] Speaker 2: Although no, you're right actually thinking about it, because I did actually have. Because one of the things that did actually help me was Tony Robbins notes from a friend. That was one of the first books I read.

[1044:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Yeah. Awesome, which is a

[1045:12] Speaker 2: very small book. And it's the one that they give out in their boys brigade, handout things or whatever it is to people who are struggling. I love

[1046:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: that like that helped you, you could even build a whole offer around something similar to that.

[1048:25] Speaker 2: Okay, cool. And then the second one. A lot of

[1049:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: the things if you look back on your journey that helps you, yeah, can be reverse engineered into the offers that will attract the client that you can help with your program.

[1052:25] Speaker 2: Little children's book. Cool. Sam, the magic genie. Oh, yeah. Which is actually about how your brain gets programmed to have certain beliefs, and then how you can change them. So it's very sort of core to what I do. So yeah, both of those are, as Brian main who did it. I don't know if you know that. You know, Brian, main is? No, I

[1057:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't. But I know we do have to get to our first break here. Yeah, sorry. No, no, we're fine. So we went up, we went about five minutes over. So we'll come back 20, after at 1120, Central 1220. Eastern time.

[1062:00] Speaker 0: But John, you see how we kind of

[1063:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: were able to take like your story and some of that. And at least now I think we have an idea for a webinar that you could run. And now we just got to connect that to what the paid program is.

[1066:06] Speaker 2: Interesting. We did actually do the exact webinar that you've created a. An offer for

[1067:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: about three, feeling you did already? Yeah, I

[1068:30] Speaker 2: did in about three or four weeks, it will come well, basically, it's the it's the red side of the cube. That's yeah, that's the the webinar idea about three or four weeks ago. Obviously didn't sell it, because I was basically just come on with my webinar thing. Yeah. And I didn't know what to do with it. Because whatever the question, I was asking you about, what, what do I do next? Because, again, what we just said there is like I've done so actually on Monday, I'll be doing the fourth one, and that'll be my whole programming for webinars. And I'm like, Okay, now what, because you could just watch those four webinars, and that's enough information.

[1077:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: But well, you can, you could technically, that's a great point. I'm going to talk about that when we come back from our break. Okay. Um,

[1079:36] Speaker 2: the thing I was gonna say was, the list just says do meditation. How, where, when how long? There's a lot of so there's, there's actually quite a lot of information between each one going out into nature. Great, but how long? What do you exercise? Okay, but how do I do exercise? Like, yeah, like you were saying, it's like, okay, well, yeah. There's a lot of elements to underneath, which I hadn't quite thought about. So interesting. Let's talk about

[1085:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that real quick. When we come back here. Yeah, that's fine. I just sent you the chat. GPT Share link in the chat. Okay, cool. Nice. that'll, that'll be that's grating during the break and share that with people right.

[1089:48] Speaker 0: All right, I'm gonna stop the record.

