VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-09-25T21:03:47.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: nb1eEiGkil83G0wjZjVt8z_kCEc
---

[0:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: We are in our VIP room, I'm going to go live here in our Facebook group day one morning. This is just in our you're watching the recording in our accelerator group with our clients that are part of that program simulcast these VIPs in the there, so I'm gonna go live in there. Then we're gonna pull everyone on up in the shear All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Hello. Welcome. Welcome into our VIP backstage pass here. Oh, man, this is it. This is just day one. And I'm already fired up. I'm excited. I'm excited for who's here I looked at who was registered, who was commenting, and this has got me fired up this week. My favorite thing to do is to connect with people and help them create their offers that are going to help them grow their business. And listen, if any of this seems too complicated, right now understand we have five days together. This was day number one, what I want to do with you right now is let's just dive deeper. Let's take this a step further from what we talked about here in the main session, and get your questions answered. Work through anything specifically that maybe you're unclear on your you're stuck with. And one thing I'll encourage you with is don't be shy. Don't be afraid to ask questions. I know sometimes, being the first to ask a question can seem a little bit intimidating. And so just jump right on up. Raise your hand. And let's let's, let's take some questions here today. I'm excited to be here with you. By the end of the week, I promise you it's funny as well. We have people they're just like, we jumped in the VIP. And there's like 12 Hands raised button like the first five seconds. So which is cool as we start to get more comfortable with it. Michelle, how are you Michelle? I'm not I'm not even gonna try your last name.

[38:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's a good one. It's kind of fall camp.

[39:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: knuffel camp. All right. That's gonna say all those letters. Can fo camp. Yes. Yeah. Cool.

[41:09] Speaker 1: So I am about to launch a, like a grief coaching business actually, for mothers who have lost kids 13 through a young adults, and are grieving. And I've got my program, all set, but I am having what you said the imposter syndrome. The stuff between my head's just writing me to a screeching halt. Yeah, I go, I'm wondering what you can recommend as far as books or, you know, meditations or I don't know, I just really feeling inadequate and that imposter syndrome, just really smacking me around.

[51:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I find impostor syndrome can be different for, for everybody has sort of like a route.

[54:00] Speaker 0: to it. It's funny, it's one of those areas. I wish I had a book recommendation for impostor syndrome. Um, here's what I do know, I'll just share with you what I do know about impostor syndrome, I actually find that the people who have impostor syndrome, the fact that you have it actually shows that you're more qualified. It's a very interesting, it's called the Dunning Kruger effect. And so the more you actually know about what you do, the less qualified we end up feeling because of how qualified we are. So it's like a paradox of the fact that we are qualified is why we feel the imposter syndrome. So that's always really motivated me. Now, the second part is, and I find for me, my imposter syndrome, when I dealt with it was rooted in some unhealed trauma of what other people had said to me and things like that. So that was the root of that. So I find that that can be one of the things that people struggle with. The other side of why people struggle with impostor syndrome is you may not feel that what you're doing is aligned with your true values or desire. And that's a secondary side of impostor syndrome, almost completely unrelated. It's either one or the other as it's like, if you've gone through our life, and we're very critical of ourselves, we spend time around critical people. And we feel like okay, I have to be at a certain level. Maybe you spend time around really academic people, that they are always pointing out and judging what you're doing wrong that can lead to internal dialogue of imposters. syndrome. So that's more of a like a trauma based side of it. The other side is it's a little bit deeper is just making sure that our values are aligned with what we're actually doing. And I found you know, I fought that one for a while for me, but I found at my core, some of my values weren't fully aligned with what I was doing. And as I aligned them, the imposter syndrome did start to disappear. Now the third thing that I found that can help impostor syndrome is consistently taking action, keeping the promises that we make to ourselves. And it might just be that having consistent putting yourself out there, over time more like an exposure to it will help it go away. Yeah, somebody recommended the imposter cure by jessamy. Hibbard, we got a lot of great coaches and mentors here. I would bet you know, I mean, in our I tell our clients, this in our community, we have people, they literally help people deal with imposter syndrome. So like, that's your niche, and you know, have a good book, feel free to post it in the chat as well. I'm interested in even check out myself the imposter cure. Pretty, pretty cool book title right there, if I do say so.

[98:10] Speaker 1: All right. All right. Thank you.

[98:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Um, I wish I had a little bit better of an answer for you. Um, again, my superpower is helping people get get clients. That's why I'm not a life coach or a therapist. I tell my right. I bring stuff into our stuff. But I you know, that's not my main skill set.

[104:25] Speaker 1: For sure. Something that you said that was ringing too earlier was the perfectionist in me, right? It's like, I feel like it's got to be perfect. And I don't have I don't have the perfect letters after my name, you know, the PhD and all those things. So, okay, that's part of it. Yeah.

[110:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that can that can be limiting beliefs. I'm just a belief about like, people with letters behind their name, are more qualified people should work with them, and not me. You know, where that might have come in. Um, it just, it just depends on the other thing is perfectionism. I find perfectionism can have another number of different routes to I think, like, most perfectionist that I meet are great people that have really great desires to do great things. And they have a spirit of excellence. But it's like their own worst enemy, as well as the fact that they do things. So well stops them from doing things at scale that they want to. And so in a mentorship business, sometimes we do have to do our best. And if we find, okay, we're okay, we're struggling to kind of break past to the next level that we think we need to achieve is putting ourselves out there launching at as good as we could get it, even if we know we could improve over time. And I found that I've had to do that, you know, when I launched my coaching program, I had to launch and it wasn't the perfect coaching program. I don't think any coaching program is necessarily ever going to be perfect. But I gave myself the grace to improve it over time based on client feedback. And I'll say as mentors and coaches, there's a there's a there's a it's almost like a 50% of our business model depends on getting feedback from people because when we start to work with people, we identify how we can even get better as coaches based on the unique individual areas that people are struggling with, too. So

[138:19] Speaker 1: good advice. Thank you.

[138:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: helps a little bit awesome. Nancy says being open to being wrong and growing allows our clients to grow Exactly, yeah, having high standards can cause stress, things like that. I find that again, we're our own worst critic. Um, and I found to when I when I stopped being so critical of even other people, this was just for myself, and gave myself a lot of self compassion. So you know what I'm doing my best today. Having self compassion really helped me in that area as well. Alright, see Sue Sue. MC girl McGarvey. What's up Sue?

[150:43] Speaker 2: Unmute. Hey, Jeremiah, this is my third or fourth of your free seminars that I've seen and you're great. I said, I've been I've been following a lot of people and I'm really impressed. And I'm in the second round my second my second group training program. I'm a sex and relationship therapist have been one for almost years. And I'm I'm looking for the nuts and bolts. I'm not sure if if what I need to do is immediately go into your your group program and your paid program but I'm looking for you, what software are you using to automate your messages? How do you do your webinars? Where's your Facebook ads? Is this week going to cover it? Because I'm going to give up time this week in order to do that. And I need to know are we doing this because I love your idea. Like I spend my days going what I call ready fire aim, which is not quite you know, winging it, throw some mud, see what sticks. But I'm the opposite of that I

[166:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: ever read the book ready fire aim?

[167:01] Speaker 2: Yeah, well, I'm just I'm like, let's throw some mud, see what sticks, whatever, I Kermit the Frog doing this all the time. So like, to me, that's not the problem. The problem is, the problem is, is I sometimes get bogged down in the tech, or I get bogged down in, in the weeds? And I'm just like, I love your idea of group leverage. How do we how do we manage that more, and is this week going to cover that?

[173:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what this week is going to cover is putting an offer together that you can launch that's going to attract those right people to you. Specifically, in our program, then we go about implementing kind of the nuts and bolts and in the weeds of like, because we have trainings on using MailChimp to automate your your emails, automating your webinars, how we have a courses that I've developed, for our clients that are in there that walk through the nitty gritty nuts and bolts of that side of it. Honestly, it would take more than the five days that we have right now to go through all of those nuts and bolts for you, I'm gonna go over as much as I feel I need to share during these five days to help people put their offer together. Here's something that I do recommend to people. When it comes to the tech nuts and bolts. I'm a minimalist until you start making money. I think a lot of people get way too, they try to do all these different things with the tech side before they're actually bringing in a fair amount of cash flow. And so I want to see like, I want to see the return on investment from as minimal amount of work as possible. That's kind of the way I look at business is let's let's do as little work as possible. That's necessary, right, and then see what result that it produces. And so I'll break down the kind of the minimalists. What I think everybody needs to get set up. As far as platforms go. My favorite for building landing pages is Squarespace. There's 1000 platforms that are out there that you could build on and you could they all will work for you. They all apply to our system that we teach. I like Squarespace because of its price and ease to learn for the total beginner that might not be very tech savvy. And then I use think if ik to actually how's my coaching training, think if ik you can see how it functions when you log in to access the VIP bonuses. That's the Thinkific back end that we use. And so we use that I use MailChimp for the email software, and then zoom meetings Facebook group, we have a software that can kind of actually most of the scheduling we do it is now all done inside of Facebook or MailChimp most of the time. So again, keeping it really simple, low tech because I listen you don't need a 50 hour a week job to build your business. I want you to be able to do it on on way less time than that so but yes, we will cover what you what you need to get started with this. If you're like hey, I want to go further. Definitely the program is going to walk you through the deeper levels of all that for sure. Okay, thanks. All right. Cool. Is it Blackmore, sar Nora Blackmore center?

[218:48] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah, how are you? I'm doing well. Yeah, so I'm really interested in. First of all, I'm a AI enablement and automation consultant. Cool. And so I'm watching the Academy, for CEOs specifically for CEOs to augment their work and to streamline the operations level. Think about launching that Academy. I'm thinking about also launching the coaching program, but I also have, like a mid tier where I'm gonna be doing some speaking, what do you recommend as far as just getting in front of CEOs, I've gotten some, I think the best way I've gotten is to circles into networking. I'm trying to figure out what would be the best way? I'm like, is it gonna be Facebook ads? Or is it kind of going into what path I'm going? Yeah.

[229:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what did you do? Getting in front of CEOs, I've not necessarily done anything that like gets in front of CEOs. Because a lot of times, like, especially if you're coaching, a CEO, the circles that you'll find them in are still you can find coaching clients really well through Facebook ads, and we're talking about getting in front of CEOs for what you're doing and you're wanting to do the implementation. You're gonna have to do a little bit more one on one a little bit more cold outreach, maybe through LinkedIn or Twitter that way, um, but I think you can make more money. Have that be like a higher tier type of a thing, but AI is affecting every Part of our world. And I think you can take what you're teaching, and go a little bit wider with it. And you'll find a lot of people through Facebook ads and Instagram ads that want to learn how to do stuff, I find that like just adding the word AI, even a lot of my ads, they convert really well. And it's a very relevant topic right now that people want to learn. Because there's a lot of crappy content out there, people want to learn really good quality content in the AI space specifically. So with that, it's like, Okay, we got the CEOs level offer, when you deal with a CEO, you got, okay, you got, they got gatekeepers, they got people that are better, you know, so you got to talk to the right people. What I found that's always helped me when I was doing like Facebook ads, I would always approach marketing directors, or people that were in charge of client acquisition. And I would find them by actually calling in to try to see if they wanted like their sales line, and then see how I could get a hold of their CEO from that side by building a relationship with the salespeople. So and I have it. And so like, it's kind of like going through the back door that way to do that. So there's a few different approaches to this. Or you could find people that are solo entrepreneurs that are just getting started, they want to know, how do I stay ahead of the curve with AI? How do I use AI in my workplace to save me time and to be able to work better and to perform better. And I think AI is so many different aspects. Open AI just announced. Today, they added they're adding into chat GPT over the next couple of weeks, you're gonna be able to generate images that look better than mid journey. Right and GPT with dally three, now that's coming out. And they added in where you can actually upload images. And it has multimodal image, it'll read your image. And now just like Google bird was able to GPT for it. So they just added that that's rolling out in the next two weeks, which so like the stuff that's happening with AI is really crazy. I read another article too, that they're claiming they have another version that is very close to AGI that is able to do video creation and all of that, that they haven't even rolled out their building. Yes. So the AI market is transforming our entire world around us. I think every industry is going to be affected by AI. Like more so than people realize. And so learning how to use it and finding out like, what industry is why people would want to learn it. Here's the thing. I mean, you could literally find people that they one of the jobs, people don't think it's gonna be affected by AI as the construction industry until people learn about advances in robotics, then you realize, yeah, absolutely. You got a lot of different paths you could go, I think anything related to AI is a really good niche, but you might want to dial in a little bit more CEOs is a great one. You may want to even look a little bit broader than that to broader. Okay, thank you, right? Yep. Cool. seizo. Zoe, how are you?

[291:38] Zoe Denison: I'm good. How are you doing?

[292:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Longtime? Yes, I saw you on Saturday. Yeah.

[293:18] Zoe Denison: Um, so my question is, for somebody who's just starting out, doesn't have much of a budget for Facebook ads? Yeah. Would be like your top notch advice on getting in front of the right people, that little tiny circle that you had.

[298:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And I mean, definitely, or any sort of organic social media, you have people that are already following you, putting your offers out there, reaching out to people that might be commenting or liking your organic social media. When you're running Facebook ads. The goal, though, is for you to make back more than what you're spending on the ads almost immediately. Yes, what I would recommend people do is one of the biggest tips I can say really, for any business owner is work on paying off your credit cards as quick as possible. Because that opens up the ability to float your funds when it comes to advertising. And you can increase your credit limits, to be able to open up more access to funds to be able to do that as well, then you can pay off the credit card based on the sales that are coming in. Now initially, what I recommend people do to test out about $300 is a good test budget for Facebook ads. Because I've seen people they'll either they'll spend 300, and they might either that's all they lose is 300 because it didn't work. or more times than not, they'll spend 300 bucks, and I've seen them make like six to 10 grand off of $300. So it's like or they'll break even though maybe they'll make 600 bucks. So it's like I like that like two to $300 as an initial ad spend to test the offer that you put out there. Are the way I see it, I see it as an investment, you know, when I moved into my house here, my swimming pool sat unused since February. Okay, that's nasty. So there was an investment for me to be able to use my swimming pool that I already kind of budgeted for. And it was, um, it was like $2,000, to even get the swimming pool to be able to be swam it once we moved here. And so because of that, I budgeted for that. Moving here, sometimes when you're getting started in your business we want to budget for, okay, here's $300, I'm gonna take this, you can either sell some things, you can, you know, figure out how to find two 300 bucks, and then say, Okay, I'm going to test the campaign with that much money. And we're going to see what it produces. And so that what it is, is you're being strategic to say, that's the most that I'm gonna put out there to risk. I like three to 500 as kind of an initial budget. And here's what I tell people as well, don't spend more than 500 per campaign until you're profitable. 500 go really good budget as far as that goes. And once you know, you're profitable is like, you spend 500, and you made way more back than what you spent, right, then you start to increase your budget.

[341:09] Zoe Denison: How long do you How long does like a $300 budget run,

[342:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I spend it usually 14 days is the best timeline is about 14 days, the first four days that you're going to run the ad campaign, that's about 20 bucks a day, 20 to $22 a day, the first four days that you're going to run it, the results are not going to be that great. Because the algorithm is actually finding the people for you. I ran a campaign last week, and I wish I had a longer tail to run it. Day one, I ran the ads, it was $45 a lead. Day two was $20. A lead day three was $10. Day four was $5. And day five was $3 a lead. So with that, unfortunately, I only have six days to run the campaign. I didn't get the best cost from that. If I had ran it for an additional 10 days on that we would have gotten a lot more leads at $3. Because the algorithm ended up finding who those people are. I wish there was a way around that sort of they call it the learning cycle. But there's not it's that initial like three to four days, sometimes it takes time for the algorithm to find those right people.

[360:24] Zoe Denison: Okay, that makes sense. And yeah, okay.

[361:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what you're asking here right now is a major focus of what we spend a lot of time in my accelerator program, working with people through figuring out, you know, okay, here's the campaign, we're gonna launch. Let's get it out there. Let's analyze the results. Let's bring it back. And then what I tell people is this is like, let's say it didn't work out, because that does happen. Is okay. That's where we got to, as hard as it sounds, we got to lick our wounds, we got to say, Okay, I'm going to accept that it didn't work out. What can I learn from this. And then a month or two later, let's get back on the horse. And let's try another campaign and see how that goes. One of the things I see a lot of people do in my experience is they'll they'll have a campaign. And this is part of the procrastination that people deal with is they that it doesn't work out or they fear, it doesn't work out and they procrastinate for months and months at a time to launch the campaign. And then ultimately, what ends up happening is, by the time they launch it, it's even worse off than if they had been experimenting and testing it out. And so I think one of the greatest things that we can do is, is practicing resilience when it comes to running our Ads campaigns. It's a hard thing to do, but it's something to develop is that in business, things aren't always going to go how we want them to, I wish we could say every campaign we run is perfect. And that always works always produces maximum profits. Once you get things dialed in, you can get pretty close to that. Like when we dialed in. Rick pinos worship coach campaigns, we were able to spend 10 grand and generate 1.5 million on a $10,000 budget. I mean, that was that's an incredible, like, the risk on that is virtually none at that point. It's like, but like when we I'll tell you a year prior to that, we ran a campaign that lost money on it because we were testing things out. So it's like as you dial in as you optimize as you pull the levers a little bit as you start to do that. And that's that's a big part of what we teach you how to do. That's what we're going to be going over here during these five days, I'm gonna give you how to dial in that campaign. So that produces the best money. How do you go from losing money with an ad campaign to having that kind of an ROI? It's really getting clear on what your customer wants, and learning how to communicate it in the right way that gets them to take action by maximizing as few people as possible. And so Like 1.5 million that was 150 people that spent $10,000 on a

[401:20] Zoe Denison: program. Was that like a digital course? Or was that like a group coaching?

[402:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was a group coaching program for like for for a year that people had access to Yeah,

[403:40] Zoe Denison: you find that group coaching programs convert more than

[404:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever. Okay, yes, they're way more profitable group coaching is the most profitable thing that you can promote as far as between courses, or anything out there. That's why this That's why I called this event building launcher group mentorship offer, because group coaching leverages your time, way more than one on one, and provides way more value than just a course by itself, as a course is just information. But when it's group coaching, you're actually providing that hands on support, accountability, guidance that people need. One on one coaching has a lot of it actually is more valuable to people, you know, I find a lot of my one on one coaching clients, I'm able to really dial in with them. As far as like, what's the tiny nuances that are getting them from zero to six figures, group coaching, you're doing it at scale. And so it does, it's a little bit more of a challenge. It's a different animal than one on one coaching. But it is more profitable long term. What I like to do is I like to funnel people into my group coaching program. And what I've done now is I will do one on one coaching with anybody who's not been a part of my group coaching first. And so I use that sort of to qualify that with people. I had people reach out and they're like, Hey, can you run my Facebook ads, and when I tell them as I don't run campaign, I have a few people that I run their Facebook ads for. But I've worked with those people for at least three years, coaching, working on their offers with them through these other avenues. So I have different like qualification tiers to even do different levels of business with people as well. Right?

[432:34] Speaker 4: Okay, cool. Yes. All right,

[433:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Francoise. Hi, Jeremy. Good. How are you?

[436:09] Speaker 5: All right. Awesome. Awesome. Quick questions. Yeah, how does funnels come into play with this sort of methodology to

[439:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay. So funnel is as a funnel is kind of is a fancy word for what people are, like the actual pages people are signing up on and the autoresponder sequences that they get, and kind of what you're leading people to at different at different stages, I have always stuck with a real simple like two step funnel approach to where you have a free offer, that's a lead magnet to get people on your email list. And then you do some kind of a, you deliver some kind of value video training is what I believe is the most effective. And then in that value, you have some kind of call to action at the end of it. So you're funneling them to the next step. After that. I might have 400 people who sign up with their email address, but only only 200 watched the training, only 75 of them might take my next step. So that's automatically kind of funneling down, but I keep it real simple as far as Okay, we have this landing page here. You're gonna we have an upsell to the VIP right here. When we ask questions. By the way, some of y'all don't realize this, the VIP that I host on these events, is very much for my benefit more than anything else. Here's why. Because I get a lot of very clear data as to what questions people have. So everything that I build is a compilation of all the questions I get asked from people. So that I take all those questions and I kind of I bring them into chat GPT and I analyze them and then that helps me come up with what are the best offers to put out there based on the questions that I received from people, which is which is cool. So funnels, again, is the sales process of getting people from from the internet to becoming a paid client. Um, and I like to build those pages. I build them on Squarespace for my site, I build my funnel pages that way, but I keep it simple. email autoresponder form emails that go out to people that remind them of what they signed up for you on here, you're you You You're in my funnel and so I tell people copy the simplicity of what I do. And then what's cool a chat CPT now is you can even take some of my autoresponder emails and have it rewrite them for your offer your your A niche, whatever you're helping people with. And that will save you a ton of time trying to figure out okay, what should I put at each step on here, I have chat CBT write up my thank you pages right up all of that type of stuff. The one thing that I spend the most time on in the funnel, and that's what we're going to be going over tomorrow is the as the copy though the words that are on that first page where they find, so I focused like 80% of my time, on the words that are in the Facebook ad itself, and the words that are on that first page that gets their email address. So that's where like I'm in the lab constantly optimizing those two things the most. And that's what increases our sales rate lowers our cost per ads overall. So I hope that that help answer that question for you. Awesome, awesome. Thank you. All right. Nobody else has their hand raised. Anybody else got any other any other questions? I'm here to I'm here for you for at least the next half hour? Or either raise it on the kick Kathy, Alyssa, Kathy, how are you?

[499:09] Speaker 6: Hi, how are you? I just have a quick question. Because for whatever reason, I missed the time's up, I just started it started at three. So is the recording from today's session is going to be in the Facebook group.

[502:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: The recording of the session is in the Facebook group. Until next week, since the VIP, you can log in and you'll be able to access the recording over on my website. So you'll be able to get it by going to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And the recording will be in there, within 24 hours after the session, my team uploads it in there, you can access it by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Login, and then that will actually take you to log in to get the recorded content from today in there. And that's where you'll have actually lifetime access to those recordings is in there.

[513:54] Speaker 6: Okay. And so, one other question is, so I started I wasn't able, on Saturday to watch and I started watching the AI it was that different? This Saturday, was that different from the one you did? Like two, it was two? Was it Saturday before last or last?

[520:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, each one of those that I've done, they're all different from each other, they're on a different topic. Here's the thing, though, during this five days, you're gonna get the best kind of step by step process through actually building all the pieces and putting those together for sure. So like I use in my business, I have these like these Saturday, 90 minute trainings. And I use them to get people to join me here in the five day here. When we go through the process. Why do I do that? Why do I have one that then leads to the other? Quite simply, it brought my ads cost down by like 90% to do that. So I was like, Okay, if this is working that well, basically, I'm using my my Saturday sessions to sort of pre qualify, who's here, which is really cool, because everybody who's here during the five day is like, I've already met most of y'all before we've spent time together, you've heard me I don't need to, I don't need to explain myself or like who I am, you know, I'm able to really go into the implementation. And I'm excited tomorrow where we're going to be spending time with the chat GPT going over the messaging on that. And we're going to spend quite a bit of time because it sounds like just from the questions that we've gotten, we're going to cover quite a bit on like, some of the funnel stuff, how to put the different platforms together, how to connect all that together as well for you guys. So we're gonna go over that here to this week.

[544:17] Speaker 6: And also this magic question, just a comment. But I also think that your Saturday sessions in addition to your ad costs, it gives people an idea of how you work, so it's, you know, yeah,

[548:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, totally. Totally. I love it. Which is great. All right. Michelle, Michelle's got another another question. What's up Michelle? Can Nephal camp?

[551:31] Speaker 1: Hey, yeah, so I am getting my leads through a Facebook group. Because it's a topic that I don't you know, you have to get people who are in deep grief before you can have the group. So my leads are clicking on to go to my Facebook groups or my Facebook ads, but then half of them but half of them are going are not clicking into my Facebook group to join the group and I'm wondering if that's normal. That is normal. How do I get them to Who actually come into the group? And how much stick? Do you put in email sequences for that? And how many emails? Do they do? Yeah, so I how much they Bogum

[562:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I send about four usually takes about four emails to get people into, like the groups and stuff. And I'll send like one a day, when people sign up for something free. But even when doing that, less than, like, 50% Actually, will will join the group. And, yeah, that is normal. And those are really kind of the ones you want to focus on. Um, the other group of people, for whatever reason, that, you know, it was just, here's the thing, it was too much for them to join the group. So they're probably not going to engage with your coaching anyways.

[573:48] Speaker 0: And it's, and you know, you can encourage them to do so. But sometimes people, they just they sign up for stuff. And then especially with mentoring, coaching and information, we call them like, they're called, like, freebie seekers. They're just, they're just signing up for every little thing that they see with no intention of actually, like, following through. And that's gonna be about, like, that's legitimately like 50% of who even signs up for everything that you have. So it's it can be disconcerting and disappointing in the beginning till you realize like, that's normal. Even the best, most optimized campaigns is about 50% of every lead that you get is not the it's not really qualified in the first place. Um, that's

[585:58] Speaker 1: good to know. Yeah.

[586:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So though, especially for grief counseling, because I, we have a number of people in our coaching group that, that do grief, coaching and stuff. And sometimes they'll pivot some of their methodology a little bit towards like, arts or creativity, or even business and some sides like that. What I found, though, is is that especially in grief counseling, because it's such a sensitive topic, ad is that, yeah, I like the idea of like having an initial sort of Facebook group where you can kind of engage with people get to know them, hear their stories before you start selling them on something. So I think that that's a great idea. As far as that goes, I think it might be an unnecessary step for some people's niches I look at the more sensitive your topic is, the more probably hands on you need to be with the client. Initially, the less I guess, sensitive the topic is, the less hands on and the more kind of removed, you can be like, for instance, for me, I've designed my business to be as hands off as possible. Just because of the lifestyle that I want to live is to be as not needing to be as hands on with with people. And I'm still very hands on with a lot of people. But I'm like I'm a lot less hands on than I could be like I can be really hands on. I don't have enough time in my schedule to do that. Nor do I want to. And, and so it just depends on how hands on or hands off, do you want to be now you can optimize your messaging, I have seen people do this, as you get really clear on what's going to attract the right client to you. I believe any every single person here no matter what their niche is, you can optimize your messaging to where you can sort of step away from needing to be personally hands on in the business. And you have your system start doing it to where like a recorded video of you replaces the actual, you talking with people all the time type of a thing, and it takes some time to get there. I think that's like the dream of evergreen funnels, that in my experience, Evergreen funnels, especially in 2023. A lot of people know when it's pre recorded, they don't want to they don't want to engage with something that's like, old or impersonal. And so that personal touch does go a long way. That's why I do these live sessions like this. Yeah, so

[627:44] Speaker 1: yeah, it's true. It's kind of like the video pastor people are kind of tired of the video pastor.

[628:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Now if you would now again, if you really like because this is a skill set to do. So you can get really good at where the recorded content is really personal with people. And you can close sales like crazy. My mom is really good at that. She has been doing it for a long time. She uses a recorded video of herself that she launched a webinar with and closed like a half a million dollars in sales with 160 minute video that was pre recorded. So because she's gotten really good at making that connection with people even through through pre recorded video, so that's a skill set that we can grow in over time. A lot of years work towards. Yeah, it can take less years than then you think I've seen people do it in about a year or two, a year or two of optimizing things.

[643:25] Speaker 1: So one more quick question around the Facebook group. So I do have people in the opt in asked answer if they would like to have more information about how I can help them. And I get quite a few people saying yes, but I have kind of been winging it, like you suggested, and wasn't very on top of getting back to them right away. You think that two weeks later is too long to go back and answer some of those questions or say, hey, I can help you with this or jump in this group coaching program.

[651:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: It can be again, even then I don't know if I would necessarily like offer them a program, just see if they have what they need to be supported. And you could direct them to maybe like an upcoming training that you have that deals with a specific topic. The big reason behind those Facebook, the questions in the Facebook group, is to figure out the exact topics that people really need help with the most. And so then dialing into that. That's what you want to respond back to people with, I personally I don't, I don't direct message anybody in my business. So people come in, I don't send I don't contact or reach out to people. I've designed mine very much to where I only interact with people who actually show up to listen to me. I don't do any sort of outreach to people besides Facebook ads. So you sign up through an ad, I have auto responder emails going, but I'm not going to DM you to see you like do you have everything figured out? I'm gonna need I need you to show up on the calls, I need people to show up to actually listen and engage. And so for me, I use that as a way to even kind of qualify, who to work with and who not to.

[672:59] Speaker 1: But what if you're brand new, and I feel like there has to be a little bit of chasing

[674:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100% 100% agree with that. If you're brand new, it's not not really chasing, chasing Well, what is kind of like, it's kind of creepy to people. Rather curiosity than the idea is this curiosity of like, learning about what they're struggling with and how you can serve them. So I had a client, she had no clients, she had 40 people sign up for her webinar 10 showed up live to purchase, I told her send an email to those other 40 people or 30. People see what they're like, you know, what's their biggest struggle as it relates to what the topic was. And I told her, as I said, use chat GPT to say, come up with an email that I could send to these people that they join me for a webinar, and I want to engage with them to see if there's anything else they could learn. And one of the emails that I came up with was like, you know, we're looking to always improve and come up with new trainings, I want to figure out something that could really help provide value to you, what's maybe one topic that you're looking for help with in XYZ area? And then what I told her to do is go create a training based on if you get the same answer from a number of people. Now that becomes your topic for your next training, your audience's feeding you what topics to share with them.

[694:02] Speaker 1: Great idea. Yeah, great idea. Thank you.

[695:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you don't have clients, I mean, I did 450 discovery calls back like three or four years ago, where I did these 15 minute discovery calls, and they would all end up turning into 30 to 45 Minute Calls. Um, I'll never do that again. Because now I get way more feedback from having people in a VIP asking questions in a session like this. Because I can really feel the number of questions that at once instead of one on one with people. So what I find is as you start to build out your your offer, getting people onto some kind of like a q&a, like this is even better than the outreach type of a thing once you start to optimize it that way. But if you're in the beginning, you don't have anybody reaching out to people seeing how you can serve them as a great alternative to be curious and to learn what you don't know about your mature audience.

[710:41] Speaker 1: That sounds great. Thank you.

[711:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Sue, what's up Sue?

[712:31] Speaker 2: Great. Um, just a quick question to follow up on Michelle's because I was I was asking about the webinars and how do you split it? How much time do you spend doing webinars because that seems to be what you do. If you're doing five to 10 hours a week you do all these you do lots of webinars and and then I'm sure you have your your group coaching. How do you divide that up? Yeah, yeah.

[718:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the really cool part about our system is it's funny it goes back So what I was saying even here earlier today, is when you qualify like the right people right here. For me, I get asked a lot of like literally the same questions all the time. So for me it, I can, because I'm getting asked a lot of the same questions, it takes me less time to answer them. If it takes me less processing time to answer them. In my group, I will take I'll usually have like two or three days a week, where I'll take like an hour to go look at when people have copywriting or Facebook ads questions. And then sometimes, like, just throughout the day, I'll have for five minutes, I'll just go check in the group, somebody posted a question, I'll respond back really quickly. With that I've gotten to the point where I do sort of in between times, and I'm not spending a lot of time looking at our group. And then once a week I do a call, where people can ask me questions live on our calls each week with our group. And then outside of that, I'm just spending time doing these these webinars and trainings. So here's how it works. So well. I'm literally teaching and working on the same topics with people just different levels of access to me, diving deeper into the implementation with our actual paid group. But because it's all based around the same topic of mentors and coaches who want to get more clients through Facebook, ads, webinars and offers. It takes me way less time than if I had all these like, variety of topics to do. And I think I've just gotten to the point of being able to really optimize my time and utilize it the best that way. So I wish I had a better answer than that. I just I run the group better. But

[749:07] Speaker 2: well, it was it was it was interesting, because you're talking about your mom and doing her automated, because when you showed at the beginning about what you started in 2004. And these products, I'm thinking man, you know who would buy those right at this stage and 2023, I can see it in 2004 2023, nobody's buying a DVD, if you're not engaged, if you're not doing live in at least in my business as a psychologist because I'm used to the one on one, I'm doing groups. It doesn't it doesn't work. It's I'm not seeing, I'm not seeing it convert at all. So I'm trying to figure out how much you spend actually delivering the content, how much you spend webinar, in terms of eating, feeding audience and trying to bring in your sales clients. And then how, you know, how do you how do you divide up that you know that that scope? Because it's I think it's got to be live? In my opinion.

[763:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, doing it live is great. As far as dividing up the scope I've developed while so I do also have a, I have some, like team members that build a lot of the different landing pages and stuff for me, and do some of that as well. But I'll usually I'll do like, if I have a live session, it's at times like this, I'll do like like for today, I'm probably not going to really like work on anything. But look at maybe one question that came in from our coaching group after this session here, the rest of the day I'm going to spend with my son and my wife. And that's kind of for me, I actually operate better that way by disconnecting, not being so connected as often when it comes to like getting people to buy at a group scale. It's just really learning like, what are those buying triggers that people have. And that comes through experimentation that comes through learning, like about what really motivates the audience and people. Like, for instance, when we were selling DVD and CD products, we would only ever really sell those to people that were actually in person in a seminar room. And they will join us for three days in the seminar. And on the last day, they would actually sell bundles of all of their CD and DVD products for like two grand. And like 75% of the room would go by it. And so they would close like $300,000 in additional sales, just at the back of the room. During a seminar as far as that goes. That's translated now, in the Zoom meeting world same type of way, when we host seminars and sessions like this in zoom. That's the way you build trust with people. And you're able to point them to what it is that you have for sale

[792:48] Speaker 2: as well. All right, that's just really, thank you so much. Yeah,

[794:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: him asking questions like that. That question like that makes me think because I'm not I'm not necessarily gotten a question exactly like that before. I've gotten variations of that question. Um, but it's a really important one, I think to answer because I think it can take time I think in the beginning when you're coaching and mentoring You're gonna spend more time than you want to long term, kind of getting some things set up. But the goal is to optimize your time. So you are spending as little time as possible, being able to do the fulfillment, and making sure that you're delivering results to people. The other thing that I do as well, I didn't even mention this is I also have, so we have courses and classes that are in our coaching program. I'm creating a brand new course each month and I do one lesson a week. So I record a lesson a week for that new course. Like right now I'm actually doing two courses, we're doing one on outsourcing and how to hire a team and staff. I'm literally creating a whole course on how to hire a team how to do so on a budget, as well as another course on using MailChimp.

[813:36] Speaker 2: Is that your podcast as well? Is that your topic for your podcast every week?

[814:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, the bookcase or the podcast topic is just based off of what I'm feeling usually. Literally, I'll sit down on Saturday, and I'll be like, Okay, what's like stirring in me that I just want to put out there that has no real like main focus or anything that I know will help people. So my podcast is not very directed at all. But it has a lot of really great content on it. I started that like three, four years ago, and I've just done once a week I'll record a 20 minutes, me talking about something, a monologue on some topic. And that's how I came up with that. So, okay, yeah. But I'm always focused on the same type of person, a coach, a mentor, a trainer that's looking to get more more clients. And so there's a variety of like, things that people deal with related to that. And that's, that's where everything is kind of based around.

[830:34] Speaker 2: Yeah. And and and you're so approachable. It was actually the the video of you with your son who's super cute. That got me to buy, right, that was the first Yeah, yeah, just so you know. It's about awesome. And I can I relate and this guy looks easy. No.

[834:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. That's great. Yeah. Thanks. You know, I never used to be that way. I used to I used to be sounds some people that actually I'll be I'll tell you, I was a little bit more. Less approachable. Probably a year ago when he met me. That's been sort of something I've been working on the last year. So all right. Um, well, I

[840:29] Speaker 7: really didn't. You are much relatable. Oh, my goodness. I had hard time in q&a. You guys are just all doing awesome with him right now, man. Thanks. Awesome. I hung in. I hung in. I hung in. Okay, awesome.

[844:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. God bless you. All right, let's see I pad tea.

[846:10] Speaker 5: This is Tracy, how are

[846:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you see what's up, Tracy?

[847:12] Speaker 5: I um, first of all, I want to tell you how much I enjoy all of your content. And, um, to me, you're the best isn't that that's not trying to throw brownie points. I mean, I don't have a lot of time to waste, and you're the only one that I listen to. And I go back to your replay a lot. So some of this is like, it's not new to me. But I wanted to ask you, I've been at this since probably the beginning of the year, as far as kind of taking risks, stepping out of my comfort zone, you know, doing videos and some of the things I learned from you. I just started using the AI as far as like trying to get different content. And I actually I have a eight week program, a bootcamp for women. I'm specializing in mindset. And I also have a monthly subscription, that, but this is the issue. I always have between 50 to 55 women that are sure, you know, as far as my free continent, that's been like a standard number for me for some reason. It's like 55 women, which I'm grateful for that I'm thankful. But what's usually happening is that I get them to come on. And I will say, you know, I'll do a free consultation immediately following you know, like the next day, but I've been at a standstill for a while I have like five new women, this time for my eight week group coaching program. And I have about 20 Women for my monthly membership. And the monthly membership is very inexpensive, because I'm doing it to kind of you know, have like a residual, you know, each month and but it's at a standstill, when I say a standstill like I'm doing all this content. They give me good feedback. Oh, we love you. Your information is the best. And I'm not being arrogant, but I'm very confident in my information. I've worked on my mind and I'm like, No, you know, I know what I can do. If you come to me, you gotta see results. I even got women who I have coming on with me that you know, shared there for the lack of a better word testimonials of how, you know, I came in, I was all over the place. I couldn't do my business until I got my mind right. You know, I even shared my personal stories, you know, and I have women who I mean really saw tremendous results this weird pumping it. Okay, we just competent. But at the end the results have been like maybe one woman, you know, extra woman are. And I've tried with the three events, you know, the $300 I started that a sports as because I didn't have a whole lot to put in it right now. And I do have a personal assistant who she's the best, but she's kind of like volunteering I you know, I give her as I push. She's a product of the group coaching and she wants to Yeah, great. Yeah. So I don't have a lot of overhead right now, which is one of the reasons why I hadn't totally connected with you yet. But that's my goal. I'm getting there. So that's what where I'm at now. And I'm like, Okay, what do I do? Do I need to change my niche? Because I'm thinking, Am I beating a dead horse? You know, I'm not like going past. You know what I'm thinking? Because I'm like, if you're doing all this is good, it's working for you and the women who are with you. You know what I'm saying? How long do you wait until you get to where it's like you're wasting time?

[895:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you hit the point where you got to adjust a little bit. And now like a whole new niche. This is

[897:03] Speaker 5: you think I'm wasting my time I trust her expertise. Like I'm like, yeah, no, I'm the kind of person I was a loyal person. I'm a coach, I like I had an issue with loyalty, you know, like, I'll stick with something until like, it's like somebody's gotta

[901:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: be a blessing and a curse all the

[902:06] Speaker 5: compassion? So I'm like, do I keep sticking with it? Or do you know, because I'm getting to be back.

[904:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take. So as far as the feedback goes, the feedback that you're looking for, is you really want to pay attention to the questions that they're asking. And you want to have some way of of strategically surveying as many of them as possible as to like, what they're still struggling with? Where are they stuck, and what they want to learn what their desires are. So then, as far as that goes, your offers that you put out there the free stuff? Um, are you doing a paid VIP are they can ask questions, and they gotta pay for it.

[914:09] Speaker 5: No, I haven't done that. Because, like, with me, that'll be free. When I offered a free consultation, nobody signs up. I'm like, what they pay to come back if they won't get the freebie you know. But that was my mindset helped me with the mindset on that.

[918:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like the $7 VIP kind of q&a, that's a good, like, it's not too expensive. You know, if they really are serious about getting the question answered, they can pay seven bucks, that's a great thing to do, as far as that goes, or just having some kind of a VIP room where you can get those questions answered. Um, but then taking a look at as far as your offer goes, you know, in my in my coaching program and the mentorship program, I have a course that I made like three months ago, called friendly follow up how to nurture your subscribers. And there's two lessons in there about how to take a campaign and when it's been doing really well, and then it starts to fail, how to tweak and adjust it. And this happens, where you can literally have something that's converting really well, and then it's like, okay, it's not doing as well as it was before. So what we do is we look at, of those who joined us, who became a paid client or scheduled a consultation, what specific topics are they most concerned with? So you want to create a barrier of separation between these are like the three people, no consultation with you, they're not going to the next level. These are their questions, but then the people who like they go to the next level with you, what questions are they asking? And then what you do is you design your free offer to attract more of these people right here. And because of that, there might be questions that the free people are asking you that you might stop addressing a little bit. You stop attracting as many of these people over here that aren't jumping into the next level. And you really lean into how do I find more of these next level people right here. Okay, found is when you do that, what it's doing is you're finding people that are a little bit further along on their life journey. They're a little bit more like they're engaged with you. And so what you're doing is you're doing more of what the engaged people are wanting and less of what the non engaged people are watching. You know, I have people all the time they register for these classes that I'm doing, but they never asked questions. They're never on the VIP there you know as far as that goes. So I pay attention to what are the questions that are being asked in this VIP and then I go in next level. What are the questions that are also being asked in my paid coaching group. And then I have a fourth level that I go to I just taught my group this today, I have a fourth level, I'm basically ranking everybody who comes into my funnel with a one to four ranking. Level one is right here. They that no questions in the VIP, they just they love the content. Oh, you're doing so great. It's great. It's great. That's a level one. Level two is a question. Here in the VIP. A Level three is a question somebody who is in my coaching program, and they're asking a question. And then level four is somebody who's in my coaching group who shows up consistently, week after week. They're building they're progressing. They're making money in their business. And so what I want to find is more people that are level three and four that are taking action and how do we get more of those people in front of us. So that means especially if you're doing stuff around, is what you're doing anything related to like ministry or faith.

[976:44] Speaker 5: It kind of coincides, but I don't focus on so much because I don't want to run people away thinking I'm gonna be real churchy or anything.

[978:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in that there comes a point though, where it's like, okay, these people, they're nice people converting to the next level with you. Okay, so we've sort of got to like shake your shoe off a little bit and focus more in on the ones that are going to the next level with you. And that will start to revive. You'll get more of those people taking action by pivoting your messaging in your offer. In the direction of those people. That's what we're gonna be going over tomorrow as

[986:01] Speaker 5: well. Okay, okay. That won't work out. I'll wait till tomorrow, then. Yeah.

[987:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think tomorrow is really going to help you with that.

[987:41] Speaker 5: Okay. Okay. All right.

[988:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's gonna be our last question here today. On this VIP Blum Ah, sir, I owe you 20 bucks. RB. We wait,

[992:59] Speaker 7: under joking. You. You just $7 I paid 27. So, Oh,

[995:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's funny. Like, I owe you 20 bucks when you tell them.

[996:04] Speaker 7: I'm laughing. You see, I'm laughing They're awesome. Okay. I'm, I'm really proud of how far you have come. I mean, I know I'm jumping in. I've been here last 12 months. This is not something that Jeremy asked me to say at all. I had no plans to come along online. I'm just learning how to answer q&a. And as a part of CGA, I'm just making the most of what I have invested. The way the live training goes, the live session goes right after that the VIP, the timing, the Facebook and restreaming the way questions are being asked the way the questions are being answered the timing, and what Jeremiah shares to as he's

[1008:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about our group coaching program, because he's been for the last year here, so that he's got I've seen a lot of growth in you over the last year, which is amazing.

[1010:54] Speaker 7: Right? Right. So that's, that's where, you know, so I, I mean, I will end with this. We're seeing these people on VIP, I mean, of course you guys don't know me and I do I don't know your with hardly meet with each other. But you know, it's it's such a such a feeling of pride, you know, to to be along with here together with certain motivation and motive to go to go ahead, but But later, I don't want to take your time and you you had a question. So do you go ahead.

[1019:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I appreciate it. You're awesome. We love having you with us. All right. How do you say your name? I don't want to mess it up a llama?

[1022:39] Speaker 3: Llama Larner?

[1023:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sarno okay. blommer. Cool. I got you. Yeah.

[1024:51] Speaker 3: Yeah. So last question I have is just around power partnerships and joint ventures. Like what like, what are your thoughts about that and best practices? Or is that something you kind of stay away from?

[1028:02] Speaker 0: I've not done any sort of jayvees or affiliate stuff. In this business I have seen it can degrade the quality of some of the connections that you make, I have done somewhere like I've talked on a podcast with somebody or they, like, you know, I got to promote to their audience. I'll tell you, the quality of people that I get is a lot lower and I can get way better quality people through Facebook ads. In the beginning, though, like if you got no following. Nobody knows who you are. And you have some people that are offering and you're going out there and you're getting people that you can partnership partner with. There's no harm in doing that at all. I'll say as you grow and develop your brand and you start to stand apart. It It becomes a little bit different to where like this sort of cross promotion type of affiliate marketing thing is not something that's silly that I like, very much, nor have we really done a lot of work with successfully, I haven't really seen it turn into better results than I can get with Facebook ads overall. So yeah, and

[1045:44] Speaker 3: and so then does that also include like web webinars? I do. I buy partners and webinars and panels and things like that, too. Or?

[1047:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you do is different. If you do panels, I think that that's great. It's a panel works best for the person who's hosting the panel. So like, if you're on somebody else's panel. Again, I've been on a few panels. And it's not really turned into very much for me. But if you're the one who's actually hosting it and putting a panel together, that can be really profitable for you, for sure. So yeah, so I think it's, here's the thing, when it comes to that side of it, that is where I think you really do need to have more like a controlling factor to it as to where you're the one who's kind of hosting it and you have people that are on your platform, versus going on somebody else's platform or role because whoever's platform you're on, I mean, I actually Grant Cardone is a great example of this. He has, you know, Cardona is right, yeah, he's got his TEDx conference. He's got these millionaires and billionaires up there. But guess who looks like a baller Grant Cardone? That's right. Because he's the one that actually they make him look better, because they're up there. So I just had a look at that. And I'm like, That's exactly how it goes to as far as that it's great to speak on a panel and do that. I think it's great to be on other people's platform. But I'll tell you, it benefits whoever's platform you're actually on to be on. If you do that, you could you could trade, you could do that, say, hey, I'll be on your platform. If you'd be on mine, too. That can work out well, as well, too. I have done some like partnership type deal things. But again, they didn't. They didn't turn into like the best results better than I can get with Facebook ads. So got it. All right. Thank you. Yeah. All right. And Facebook ads is interesting, because we're going to be going over more on Facebook ads, hear the words in your offer, strategically lasering in on the right prospect that comes through the ad. That's what is the most effective, that's why we spend most of our energy dialing in the copy that's in our ad and in our offer, because that's what decides who shows up overall. And so when you can figure out like exactly how to attract the right people to your offer, and how to repel the ones who aren't. And it's very much it can be as much as changing one word in your offer. Recently, I changed a word of my offer I was doing how to get more clients in your coaching business, changed it to how to get more in your mentorship business, I think I'm actually going to go back to how to get more clients in your coaching business. Even though a lot of the people we work with our mentors, I actually found it worked better for my business overall to use the word coaching than mentorship and so that's why I'm testing I'm gonna you know, like in the next couple of months I'm I'm constantly looking at how do I dial in the words that I'm looking at that are going to attract a better fit for to find those like I said those level three and four clients that ended up going to our coaching program. You know, I love connecting with you all on here. But the main reason why I connect through events like this is because you know a good percentage of people who we connect with become clients of our group coaching program and then they get results in our program and stuff like that. So so I'm going to be here giving you all the value not holding anything back. Obviously you can tell I'm literally not holding anything back. But the reason we do this is to get more clients in our business and so yeah. This week is going to be fun. I'm excited to break down the our process of getting clients with you. And I think tomorrow is going to going to be a huge unlock for most of you so I can't wait to see you tomorrow. This is so long for today. And I will see you on our next session. Have a good one.

