VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-12-21T22:11:11.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: N1JZDSVYNjA9v67YU2NolxFHLQg
---

[12:43] Lance Williams: microphones working now.

[13:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It wasn't before. All right. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome into the VIP today. Thanks for coming in. And so this is where you, again, we're going to take what we talked about today. Continue this, if you want to talk about whether it be the ads, whether it be about the funnel, whether it be about the accelerator program, whether it be about your own business, your own offer structure. That's what we're going to be going over today. So raise your hand if you want to talk about that. If you can't find the raise hand thing. Let me know what's up. Sandra. How are you? Sandra? Campbell? Yes. Hi. Can you hear me? Sandra Campbell?

[26:19] Speaker 2: Yes. Can you hear me?

[27:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whoopsie whoopsie?

[27:41] Speaker 2: No, I

[27:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: audio setup. Can you hear me? Yes,

[29:06] Speaker 2: I can hear you.

[29:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I couldn't hear you. Now I can hear you. Okay.

[29:52] Speaker 2: Oh, perfect. What's going on? How are you? Today? I know, I know. Tuesday, Wednesday, I was running errands, doctor's appointments and stuff. But I was saying I was listening to the program. And I was like, I'm getting on here Thursday and Friday, some stationery now. So thank you so much attempt that you've been giving us it is incredible. And I'm going to keep I have two questions. Because I know there are a lot of people that want to ask questions. My first two questions. The first one has to do with the launch the logistics of the launch. I don't know if you remember. But when I was in on one Saturday, and I am the lady who created a digital self study program, American idioms for ESL students. Yeah. You mentioned that Yeah, yeah, I recreated it. I updated it this year, revised, made some changes, added some pictures and whatnot. And the the website is already built, is designed for the program is designed for high beginners to low intermediate students who really want to improve their vocabulary. And, you know, help them become more confident in their speaking because that's kind of the thing that my students wanted. They just wanted to talk

[54:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to you and you understand the screenwriting right? You're the one so that? Yes,

[55:00] Speaker 2: yes. Yes. And I upgraded to GG PT. Plus, because my screenwriting organization has a has an AI assistant on there. So I'm like, Yeah, so I built the website. I have the content on there and everything. And I just have, I guess, maybe it's impostor syndrome. Because, you know, screenwriters suffer from that,

[62:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: too. That's okay, that that happens.

[63:22] Speaker 2: But I haven't launched and what I've done is I've done everything I've, I've, I uploaded the product to the site. I have the copy done. I wasn't for the landing page. I was going to use Constant Contact because that's what I have. And I've just been kind of unsure of the logistics of the launch. I was going to try to time it with my Facebook ad because I had small I have about like 90 people on my email list, but they really haven't heard from me in dog years. And yeah, yeah. And my facebook page I just been running a couple ads for the past couple days just experiment a couple of weeks experiment and I've just been experimenting with ads that's how I got the

[77:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: the the paid advertisement.

[78:39] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I've been just kind of experimenting with that. I haven't done video yet. It's, and I'm going to attempt to do that with this launch. But I, the first question is about the logistics of the launch. I mean, you said, you told me that you thought I just need to go ahead and publish the doggone thing. But I've been waiting, like, I'm thinking, I've got to do this whole complex launch thing. And Oh, I

[85:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: gotcha. Yeah, no, yeah, there is like this whole, like, launch idea. The problem with that, is that still that sort of feast and famine cycle, it works in the beginning. And I do recommend, first off 90% of what you're what people teach out there in programs, all right, I'm just gonna say something. Because I got a, I'm really passionate right now. And I've been studying this too. Most of the stuff that's taught out there, the person teaching, it isn't even they're not in the weeds with the everyday questions that people when they're asking these questions. And oftentimes, they make a lot of coaching programs make these overly complex sequences, because it keeps people working. But they don't actually produce results. And so it's almost like your boss giving you extra work, just so you don't bother him. So unfortunately, a lot of what's taught that's out there about ads, landing pages offers social media, the launch sequence, you don't need to do a guy at all. And yet, everybody thinks they have to do all this stuff. Because it's taught Best Practices isn't 90% of the best practices that are out there, they're a waste of time, they're not going to make you any extra money. And it's better to just continue to test some things out and other is a process of, you want to have the landing page, in our accelerator program, we have a process that we teach you, I'm going to be going over this question tomorrow as well. So like, you gotta have the landing page you need to have, you need to know what you're going to sell at the end of it, right? Because, like, you need to have that. But here's what I tell people is launched this, when this is launched, build this out, so you don't have to finish building them out. And then I like to have some kind of like an upsell attached to this, if this is free that you're launching. And generally until you're making a couple million dollars, free and low cost offers like under 17, under even like $7 is a great way to make that connection with people to provide that value. And you have a you could also have like a paid upgrade that's like seven to 27 or even, you know, $37, like we have here today, during this five day, depending on how much value that's delivered, you know, is this. But that price point is a low enough entry that people will register for that, even if they don't know you or they haven't met you or they've not followed you. And then so from here, the goal is when you're launching, you're actually using whatever this is as a mechanism to sell people on the thing that you're actually selling, to actually present to actually give a sales presentation of some kind. So like for instance, again, pulling back the curtain because that's what we're gonna be doing tomorrow. And I'm gonna start with you guys here in the VIP today, pulling back the curtain on this. Anytime I host a free training I listen, I love giving value and I love giving it away but it's also effective financially for my business to do so. So the reason behind me even hosting a five day like this is because it's my opportunity to sell my program is what it is. So I'm not I'm not even like pretending like that's not what we're doing here. That's what the whole purpose is, is for me to be able to sell our program to connect with people to be able to do that. Now I've seen people where they take these long sequences and all this and it's just a lot of it's like passive aggressive codependent way too worried about managing other people's feelings and emotions and things like that if you're qualifying the right people to get in front of you are the chances of you know when you go to sell something that people actually like I get angry with you and I'll have maybe like one one person who may be registered for this five day and they they're upset that I sold anything at the end of it they're like oh my god like like you should have just given it all for free I can't believe you sold something well okay

[152:27] Speaker 2: thanks for free you don't

[153:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm saying thanks for your and I have people they do that like I get I'll I get the messages probably anytime that I host a five day like this one person will send me 20 paragraphs as to why it's wrong for me to even show something for sale. I mean, how did you expect to like you're here to learn to sell your coaching and then you're mad when people sell like that doesn't make sense to me, right? No,

[159:25] Speaker 2: it doesn't and I I never you know I before.

[160:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's the, that's the way so I understand that's usually going to be somebody who I try to qualify out anybody who like would even think that way. But sometimes they get through sometimes they come through, it's usually somebody who's really hyper critical of themselves and other people and stuff like that. So that's why I talked about that perfectionism. Being hypercritical of yourself and others is really one of the biggest things that's gonna stop you from being able to sell. Now, of course, we want to do things ethically, we want to have integrity, there's laws, even in our country, about how you're able to even sell coaching programs, like you need to be able to back up the claims that you make, they can't be fabricated and just made up, that's an important thing. They need to be backed up by what you're able to deliver. However, however, I see people waiting until they like get everything perfect before putting it out there when in fact, you need to do is make your goal connecting with people, how do you connect with people to build that trust, and and to have a conversation with real human beings that you could possibly help? Now again, if anybody who like has an issue with that, I think it's because they have to get more comfortable with connecting with real with other people. And that's a whole other issue. And I have seen a lot of introverts, as well, like a lot of introverts and extroverts be successful with coaching. But one of the reasons why they're not as they really struggle with their ability to communicate with other people to connect. And so that's one of the one of the first factors is that and oftentimes, somebody who's really defensive, is going to be very repulsive to a lot of the right clients as far as that goes. So a big part of what it is, it's not really the lot like this elaborate launch sequence, is creating an opportunity to build trust with people to build that trust.

[190:36] Speaker 2: And I created a my I created a free resource guide, which will be which they can download from the landing page. And it's just basically a review a list of websites, programs that will help them learn English. And so the free, so

[196:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: after they get that, are you inviting them to another thing with you that you have that sells them on your paid program?

[198:17] Speaker 2: Well, I, the lead magnet, I thought was to get them interested in purchasing the program, because it's a self study program. And what it does is, it's an audio, it's a digital download with a fillable workbook with, with pictures. And there's an audio version of the workbook where I pronounced the words and give them examples. It follows this like a, you know, an audio version of the workbook, plus a bonus video. And there's an optional add on homework assignment where they can do a little writing, and I will give them Yeah, that's great. I'll give them feedback for that. But that's $100. I updated what it was 50, but I upped it to $100.

[211:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow, you can still have something that's like free to that's gonna connect with them.

[212:22] Speaker 2: Yeah. And so I'm thinking I'm wondering, do I need? Okay, so once I do the run the ad for the free probe? I mean, the free lead magnet? Do I need to do something else to get? I mean, because I to get them interested in buying the product, because that's what I want to launch is the self study program. So I'm not, I guess that's what what my question was about? Because I didn't know if I need to do like a webinar. Whereas questions,

[221:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: because here's the thing that you're gonna have just the reality is you put an eBook out there, and almost almost nobody who grabs the ebook is ever going to buy it from you. Right? So that's the case with most lead magnets, right? Is nobody is ever going to buy anything from you. And so that's why a lot of people, they go out there, they create these funnels, these lead magnets, and then they don't get any sales. Okay? So, like, we have to actually, like accept that that is how it works is that almost nobody is actually going to buy from you. And so you got to now be intentional, to keep delivering value to the people that are on your email list to build that trust with them. Okay, because some people need different ways to build trust with you, they might need to see another video training that you'd have. They might have there might be another aspect as far as that is. So this is why you you might create another lead magnet that's free, that builds that trust and it's used to sell to them what your paid thing is.

[238:32] Speaker 2: Oh, okay, I see. So

[238:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that builds that connection. I mean, it's, let's put it this way. A lot of The way people think of lead magnets is like, a teenage boy thinks about girls I'm gonna is gonna show up, flex my six pack, and she's gonna marry me. And like, that's not nobody works that way. You know. And so like, you gotta realize any offer that people see on the internet or with ads, they're skeptical of right off the bat, they're not going to even really believe that you can deliver what you say most people are actually gonna think like, they're gonna be like, Okay, let me grab this. And so it's your job, not just to get them interested. But to make them into a very hot prospect, that what you're selling is the answer to everything that they've been looking for, and searching for and praying for. And that if they don't purchase that offer, that they're going to miss out on the thing that they can that they can reach that they can accomplish, and it's your job to communicate that with them. Instead of expecting them to come to that ultimate conclusion in their mind, most people, they're not there, they're gonna, they're gonna get distracted by the next thing on the algorithm. And sadly, somebody else who's going to do all the things that you're not doing is gonna get the sale. So what happens, because they're all because there's other people that are out there that are competitors, they're gonna do all the things that you haven't done while you're waiting for them to get interested. And they're gonna then go become their client. And this is what I noticed was happening a lot of times with me is I was trying to not be too bothersome to people and things like that. And then I would see they're like, oh, yeah, you know, Jeremiah, your stuff's great. But I sign up with this coach over here, because, you know, they had this, this, this and this. And I'm like, Okay, well, yeah, they offered something that I didn't do. So you do the thing that you're not doing, and that gets the thing that you want. And that, and that's really the value even in the accelerator program, as well as we go through that with you. And does does everybody who joins your coaching program, are they going to be super successful? No. In fact, it's not even legal to tell people that everybody becomes a success. It's not even truthful. Everybody who joins my accelerator program doesn't become a six figure earner or a millionaire, it's not legal for me to even say that, because it's not true. Because there's a lot of people there at different stages, they're not applying it, they join, they go through two classes, and then they get distracted, and they don't do anything. And that happens. And I can literally email them every five days, and they will ignore me. Okay. And so it's like, because of that, understand that a, not everybody who even joins your program is going to be a success, that's okay. But you're offering the opportunity. Also, not everybody who gets a college degree, gets a career in the thing that they're doing. So that's your job, though, is to show up with integrity. serve people do your best job at serving people when they're in that program, and then to focus on the ones that are really doing the work to get the results. And, Yep, thank you. And so to get people to even take action with you, they got to be sold on it. The right way to sell though doesn't feel like sales, the slimy sales process, this slick thing, it's just a form of you're serving somebody, you're giving them an opportunity for the thing that they want that they desire, and you're saying, Hey, you can have what you want, if you make this investment to work with me. And so some other company or another person who teaches what you do is is probably already successfully selling to your target market. And so a in the coaching and course business, there's no such thing as being the first person that's really done anything unless it's like the first thing that pops on planet Earth. Like when Chad GBT first appeared there was a bunch of first people that made a bunch of money selling jet GBT trainings. And then everybody in their brother had a chat GBT course, and now it's funny. We found out like, I was just reading the other day, even the government is trying to crack down on people using AI as this like false. Like answered all their problems, because it's not there. Like you got to get specific, you got to be honest. And that's really what it is. The laws around coaching, they're very specific. You got to just be legit. And you got to not like over over embellish. And you got to be really honest about like, how are people how many people are successful, things like that. So, but if you do that, it's great. It's a competitive market. You can make a ton of money, and you and you can be successful.

[316:17] Speaker 2: That sounds great. Thank you for that. I appreciate it.

[317:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Tina, Tina Stewart, and I was sharing that for everybody else that's here too. And I talked about stuff that was different than what you had asked, but it was for everybody else. Here's what's up. Tina, how are you?

[319:47] Speaker 3: Hi. I'm doing great. So my question has to do with tools for success for my business. So I love chat, GBT, I upgraded to four since I connected with you over the session that you had on the weekend. And that's been very helpful. But I'm just finding that it's breaking a lot. Like I've used this thing, and I broke it. And pretty much it kept erasing some of the content that I had, that it thrived for me, and it was just hasn't been the best experience, but has been incredibly helpful. And what I realized it's about just kind of cultivating a brand voice. And it takes that into consideration and reading my key pointers and then using that it generates the perfect copy. So that's, that's pretty much what I learned over the last few days. But I'm just wondering if there are any other content writing tools that you can recommend to help generate content above and beyond chat TPT and any other AI tools that I can kind of help me in driving my my coaching business?

[340:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, because all the AI tools that are out there, they actually just use a version of chat GPT, and then they rebrand it with their name on them. Okay, so as of today, like any other like aI cup, there's a few other AI algorithms like, and none of them are as good as GPT four. So GPT four is the best that currently exists now that could change two months from now. You know, GPT four, though, is the best that there is there's other tools where what they do is basically in the back end, they are prompting it to do different things to create content, do somebody that I know, Jasper AI, they kind of build themselves as a tool that can help do this, there's another one called any word. But a big part of is just really knowing how to ask the AI how to do what it wants. Now, the experience isn't perfect at all, by any means. It breaks a lot, it doesn't give you the results that you want most of the time. And so what you got to do though, is you got to realize that like, that's how it is, and learn how to connect and communicate with it and ask the questions that you want it to, that you want it to, to output for you. And so a big part of it could be you take a piece of content. And then when you say to create content, what do you mean by that about like creating content, because the word creating content could have so many definitions.

[363:25] Speaker 3: Right. So by that I mean blog posts, email copy. content for my Facebook ads, LinkedIn, thought leadership posts.

[367:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So for blog posts, this one is one that is really probably the leader as far as SEO, writing. It's called surfer SEO. And they used to plug into Jasper and then they kind of made their own and they combined it with GPT. Four. And now it it's a full on like article development software. So surfer SEO but it's a it's a it's kind of a it's a dashboard that's built on top of chat GPT that helps you generate and ranks, the keywords and all that. So this is probably one of the best ones that's out there. Like as far as the blog post side of things that that that adds that extra layer to it. It's a lot different in price than chat GPT though. The other the other tools that are out there, like I said, there's there's any word, any word and again, this is also built on some of their own algorithms as well as the open AI stuff. So you can teach it your brand voice. This is what some of these apps are. You can teach it your brand voice. They have different there's some custom AI models to do different things. I said like a whole demo and so that you can go through a year. I've not used anywhere, but I've heard good things about it. Jasper AI was one of the first ones that ever popped on the scene. And their platform is basically it's a it's a marketing platform that's built on top of chat, GBT, they have this whole brand voice thing. So the idea is these apps, they're adding tools that make it easier for your brand voice to come across. So again, any word and Jasper might actually be closer to what you're probably looking for to help you do specific types of campaigns and things like that. I

[396:52] Speaker 3: think so. Because yeah, I definitely learned by today that

[398:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: but theirs is like you know starts at 70 bucks a month. 50 bucks a month. So You know, the challenge GPT is, it's the cheapest as far as what the best feature set, but you got to kind of tell it what you want it to do. Yeah,

[402:52] Speaker 3: I've learned that it was. But you're right, it just took a lot of breaking. And because the other version wasn't a 3.5 wasn't doing that it wasn't breaking like that, I

[405:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: guess it could have also been the time of day that you were doing it. So that's one of the things with GPT for certain times of day, it doesn't work as well. And then you go back an hour later, and it works fine. So and that has to do with them kind of getting their servers in line and stuff like that. Right. So that's the, like when there's a lot of users that can sometimes break and do that, you gotta refresh it, there is a tool as well with a new upgraded called GP tees. So GP tees are really cool, because you can go in here and you can actually describe to it what you want it to do. And it will create a custom sort of built out version of chat GPT to do different tasks for you. Which is really cool. So you could tell it, I want you to take transcripts of a podcast, and convert them into the best SEO friendly blog posts. And then it'll literally build you a custom version of GPT four that is focused on doing that, and you can go back to it every time and do that. So that's really cool as this whole kind of GP T's thing that they do. Sounds great. And so then watch this literally it it takes a couple of seconds you communicate with it, and you tell it what you want it to build on then you can go in here and you can configure it to where it creates this custom instruction it generated this this the GPT designer take transcripts, transform them into blog posts, focuses on optimizing the content for search engine with a clear structure. It should avoid any actions that result in SEO penalties such as keyword stuffing, the gd p t, will clarify ambiguities it will adopt a friendly professional tone. And you can add more to this. And then you can also upload files, which is really cool. So if you have a knowledge base of transcripts or your content, you can upload a file to it. And it will literally then use that to come up with a lot of that you can create. I mean, this is even I don't even know how to use this part of it. But they have this whole like advanced actions function even that you can have it like create code to do these custom actions with your stuff. I've never used it that way, I usually just tell it what I want it to do. And then and then I try it out as far as that goes. And so for instance, if I go into otter AI right now, and I take I take a podcast episode that I just recorded yesterday, I just did it last night, and I paste it into the GPT. I'm going to paste the whole transcript right here. This is a whole transcript from from a podcast that we recorded. It literally will say based on the transcript, here's a blog post for you on leashing success, the alpha release approach, welcome to the Grow Your Life Blog. And so maybe you would make some edits to this, but it'll start to go through and talk about the strategy. Now what I might say as okay, this is a bit surface level, please expand upon every section and go into detail to create a blog post that is much longer and more detailed and do so more conversationally. So that could be a way that I would do that. And then what I might do is I might actually tell the GPT builder, please update the GPT with this in mind. And then it'll actually kind of save that instruction, it'll actually edit it and do that each time you do it. So that's a really cool function. And in this is building out these GPT keys to be able to try to create a unique form of content, I have a I have a custom GPT that I use often. That's called the Facebook post mutation thing. And what I can basically do is I can take anything, even like a transcript of a podcast, whole transcript, and it'll turn it into a Facebook post for me right away. It'll just go ahead and it'll generate like a Facebook post right here that I can use just wrapped up an incredible podcast excited to show this game changing thought or thought about what holds people back how they hesitate. So these GPT as you can tell, it's a kind of going to do that. So hopefully some of that was a little bit helpful for you, Tina, that

[476:08] Speaker 3: was incredibly helpful. Thank you so much. Awesome.

[477:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yes, this is all being recorded. You can access the recording again by going to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com and logging in there. Here's how you'll be able to access that. So again, we're gonna go till till 430. All looks like candy is gone. Sorry, candy. I'm talking to you from the past. I did not see your question that I was ignoring. Um, all right. Well, yeah, we still got another like half hour here. Anybody wants to raise their hand ask questions. Sandra. What's up,

[486:20] Speaker 2: Sandra? Yes, um, I had another question about the GP T. And the images. And I mean, it seems like you can do so much with it with the ad copy, and then giving the prompts where you can get pictures. Is that okay? To put on your website? Because I mean, it's not. I mean, it's not copy. I mean, it shouldn't.

[493:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's okay to put on your website, the images that it generates? Yes.

[494:43] Speaker 2: Okay. Because that's one thing I've really been cognizant of over the years, is using other pitch pitchers off the internet, because you know, you can get in trouble. I've seen people had, you know, I've known folks to have to take their stuff down. So that's good.

[499:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, there's certain things. I guess that's and these will be more questions like for lawyer, like, if you're using, say, Mickey Mouse in your branding, Disney might write you and tell you to not use make themselves. Right. Right. Right. Like that would be but they've actually put in some some things where they don't use like, I don't think they would actually generate for you, they won't generate stuff for like Star Wars in chat DBT, because it says it's a copyrighted asset. So it does already kind of take that in mind too. And it's generating a lot of that. So that's why charge abt is probably one of the more safer ones to do that some of the other tools I showed you, they don't restrict anything. So again, yeah, be mindful of just copyright laws, things like that. But like for just what your what what most coaches are doing for what we're doing and how we're using it. It's not a big thing. One of my biggest things to allow people to talk about this like plagiarism from writing. This is why what I like to do is I like to take my own words that I've actually said, take the transcript, and then I tell chaps, UBT to generate content from my own words. And so from that, it's really just structuring my own original content at that point. And if you do it right, and you go in and you edit it, I mean that that is an original piece of content at that point. It's not just now if you're telling it to generate a unique ID like an idea, and it writes it all from scratch for you, you do got to be a little bit careful, especially if you're using it to create books, that it could possibly be very similar to something that somebody else wrote. So that's why I like to use a combination, I teach to kind of this method, where you're using your own mouth, you use the AI to brainstorm what's going to come out of your mouth and what's going to be transcribed. And then you use it as a tool, not necessarily the idea creator. So that's one of the things with content creation, you do want to kind of be a little bit cautious and aware of, if you're doing it the right way, as a coach. And as a mentor, what the AI produces should be your own original thoughts versus it just making the idea for you. As far as that goes. There are some people that are out there, and they're teaching different methods on how to like, have it make original ideas and stuff like that. The laws aren't very clear on all of that right now. Um, but when it comes to like a coaching and course business, you know, you want to be like for you to deliver results for your clients, you got to start to know what they're going through. You have to understand what you're actually teaching. And so and so that's why again, that's why we don't really teach you like, how to use the AI to like, make it all for you. We use the AI to brainstorm it's an it's an add on to our own brain versus a replacement for it.

[545:01] Speaker 2: Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Thank you. All right.

[546:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Benjamin Benjamin Benson, how are you?

[547:40] Speaker 4: Oh, I'm doing well. Thank you very much for what you've been talking about. I'm kind of shifting gears a little bit. One of the questions my wife and I had, she's been watching the Facebook stuff was quick one on Facebook ads. And her tendency is to go check out the profile of the individual whose ad is running because of course, usually it's attached in some way to their profile, whatever their their, you know, AD account is. Yeah. Is that something that you figure people should be concerned about at all? If there isn't content on there, okay.

[556:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: What and that's actually why I post content is because if somebody sees my ad, and then they go to my profile, there's actually like, content. That's that's there. So like, at least once a week Making a post of some kind or legit or organic content now we we grew Rick pinos coaching business without even posting anything even more than once every, like three months. So again, organic content really didn't have much to do with what actually created clients. Also, you know, it's not like you have to create a bunch of updated content to connect with people. As far as that goes, That's sure some people might make that decision. But if your offer is important enough to them, they'll they'll stay engaged with you, I sort of come from a little bit of the old school world where like you, I have lots of posts that go out each day long. You don't need to post like as many times a day as I do. But the way that the reason like I have those posts, they're all scheduled. I have somebody who schedules this for me, they edit my videos down to different short videos and things like that, is because it does, especially because we're kind of making a lot of really bold claims. And then it demonstrates to people Hey, that, like we do what we're saying that we're going to do for your niche, it's not going to be as necessary as far as that goes. But it is going to be for you to at least have something that people can check out. Okay.

[578:22] Speaker 4: Yeah, well, it's definitely good to know. Okay, so something

[579:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: there, but the AI can help you brainstorm that. Okay. And that's what I love to do. I mean, here's, okay. Since we have a lot, we've had a lot of questions about content creation here today, which is interesting. I've actually not had a lot of those content creation questions come up from people very much before. But today, we actually have quite a few of those. So again, I do teach you about content creation, but the way that I make content is really, to engage with the people that are already in front of me versus it being like, it's gonna go viral, and it's gonna attract like 50 clients, I don't really I don't do that I've never had a post go viral. Most of my posts don't have a lot of engagement on them. But we do have a lot of people who watch and consume it. And so I keep putting it out there, I don't look at the numbers, I focus in on what's my bottom line profit in my business, because that's the only number that I really care about, not the engagement numbers, and making those all all go off. So I'm focusing on what is effective, that actually brings in our bottom line for our business. But if I was to take, let's say, just our sales letter right here for this event, and I was to copy this sales letter in the chat, GPT. And let's, let's have Let's share the screen here. And I'll show you this. So I was actually copied even our accelerator landing page right here, if I was to copy this right here, the whole accelerator landing page. And I was to say, okay, chat, GPT. And this is one of my favorite prompts. Read the following sales letter landing page. Then understand who it's for, what their pain points are, what their desires are. Now generate me 20 possible content ideas, or short form YouTube shorts, or Instagram reels or tick tock videos, okay? Then generate me 20 ideas. Additionally, for blog posts, I could write, you know, you could keep iterating through that. And so when you do sales letter, you paste it in here, and it's gonna go in, and it's gonna brainstorm for you from reading that copy. This is why we really say focusing on your sales copy. Okay, so it scrolled up to the top there. So we're going to scroll down to the bottom. Here's our target audience. So it's going to start to understand who these people are, what their pain points are, what they want, what their desires are. And I think that's everybody who's here. And then here's content ideas for you. Based on your offer, a day in the life of a coach top mistakes coaches are making with their marketing quick tips for effective sales copy behind the scenes of creating a winning ad campaign, how to identify your target audience, daily habits of six. So these could all be pieces of content then that I can make over the course of the next couple of months that validate exactly who our audiences the evolution of coaching from CDs to digital actually, that is something I should probably make a piece of content on. Because I came from that world where it used to be physical CD box sets that we would mail to people, you know, and so like so these are some different ideas as far as that goes. Let's take a different niche right here. Let's try something else here. Let's take Georgie and ban off right here. global celebration and Georgia and has if you go to his global celebration dot tv, is that what it is? Or is it TV dot global stats TV dot global celebration. So my take here is a masterclass that he put together. Oh, you know, there's no sales copy on us. So I actually don't have a hand in that part of what they're doing this is back in May, let's see activating the saints I deal more with this side of the so their team deletes a lot of the sales copy again, I have no control over that side of it, I'm trying to show you something that's actually gonna help you here. Here we go. Here's some actual copy that's written about like what this is about this this class here, courageous joy. So if we take that now if you go in and we can replace my sales letter with this courageous Joy one and have a come up with ideas for content based on his target market, based on the sales letter, spiritual growth in their Christian faith. Here's some ideas, testimonies from past participants, but tips on finding joy in your life and mini series on the misconceptions of joy, animated stories, Day in the Life vlogs of living clips of worship and praise moments, stories, people overcoming trials, good make the theological, a theological video you can put you know, so so it comes out helps you come up with ideas for content that you can create. And now you pick one of these that you like and just go create it. Cool. makes things a lot easier just to brainstorm. You know, so you don't got to sit there the shot? What's something I should post? Yeah. Because we used to have to do that. That's what we had to do with our marketing is we had to, like sit there like, Okay, what should we post? And now the AI helps us come up with those ideas. And it's, you know, is it perfect? No. But the more you start to use it, and the closer you get aligned with your target customer, the better those are gonna get. So all right, you got another question? Ben, are you can I go to Lance? Go ahead and go to Lance. I'm set. Thank you. Awesome. All right. Lance, how are you? Lance?

[677:59] Lance Williams: I'm good. Jeremiah. Thanks. I got a little a little fuzzy just a little bit. So just want to clarify when you were talking about okay, messaging is copy, correct.

[681:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So while some messaging is a little bit more to do with even your sales process, your ad, the copy how you describe what you do, it's more of an idea than the actual copy. So the copy is a written format of your messaging that is specifically used in a different place, whether it be a landing page, whether it be because the sales copy will be different between the Facebook ad and the landing page. But there'll be congruent to your messaging, overall. Okay, so yeah, so your messaging is kind of like how you describe what you do, and sort of the pillars of what you what you do.

[692:37] Lance Williams: Okay. Yeah, I was just trying to get the the terms down the misting the copy that you were speaking about the sales page, and then the landing page, what's the difference between the sales page and the landing page?

[695:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're pretty much like the same thing interchangeably, I guess. So a landing page and a sales page? Yeah, they would be the same thing. A sales page is a landing page, but not all landing pages are sales pages, okay. sales pages are landing pages, but not all are to sell because a landing page could also be a free offer. So there's nothing to sell there. Okay, just the page that people land on that you're sending them to. So when you give them a link to go register to go buy, that's the page. Okay. All right, because each has copy on.

[706:05] Lance Williams: Okay, so what you were just showing us the, from the example that was considered a was that a sales page or a landing page that you just showed

[709:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: as a sales page? Okay, sales page, okay? Because it's that selling something on it, there's something for people. So landing page is pretty much the same thing. It's either that you're saying buy it or register for free, and it's the same type of call to action got ruptured the same way they're actually built almost exactly the same way. Because

[714:02] Lance Williams: I was thinking landing page like pretty much like the website type of deal with the.com That type of deal. Yeah,

[715:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: it'll be somewhere online about traditional websites are really kind of in the coaching industry. They're not really used as much because people people are not they're not just gonna go visit your website and then decide to become a client of yours. That's not really how it works. As That's what a lot of people think is they're going to put this whole thing up that people are going to find them, and then reach out when they want to work with you. And that you might get like one or two people over the course of like, you got to be intentional to actually follow up with people to connect, to actually make that connection. Create stuff that are really that's why the offer needs to be irresistible. So that if they find it on an ad, or a social media post that you make, they're like, oh, wow, that looks like something that I want. And then they register for it, versus just passing it by and over looking at or hoping that they like your content, and they're gonna go find your website and do that, because now that's extra steps that they gotta go to, to get to that place to do that. I have people all the time and tell me they don't know. They don't even know that I have a podcast. And I've been doing it for five years, like four years almost. So last question. Five years? Yeah, it's almost been five years. So I was thinking

[736:33] Lance Williams: like, Okay, so in the sixth step, when we're talking about working on horse decide the nice and didn't sell coffee. So once we get the sales, copy, all that same information, who's pretty much the messaging, the copy sales page, landing page funnel? All that's pretty much the same information that goes into those different components.

[743:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yes. And then step number six is you look at how did it work? Did it make the sales you want? If not, then we adjust it, we optimize it, we tweak it, we got to, we got to then make adjustments to it. And there's no, there is no way on planet earth of knowing if the campaign is actually going to work or not. Until you launch it, because the marketplace is fluid. What even worked a year ago might not work today. What worked two years ago and might not even work today, and how you deliver a sales president a sales pitch as a very wide spectrum. Depending on how direct you are your energy, your ability to captivate an audience, your ability to lead people to purchase versus, you know, one of the worst things to do is to have a webinar with everybody on it. And they all say, Wow, that was great content, and then you never hear from them again. It's like, like, that's probably one of the most devastating things is like, it's actually not as bad if nobody shows up to the webinar, because actually, that's, that's what's worse is having everybody show up, and then nothing happens. Because then that means okay, I really need to change how I'm actually selling this. Because I'm not motivated. I'm not persuading. I'm not mobilizing people to do anything at the end of this. And so that's another set of skills as a leader is to get people to actually do the thing that that you're leading them to do.

[767:50] Lance Williams: Okay, yeah. So like the messaging, or is just the words that are on the page, correct?

[769:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, the messaging that again, is going to your messaging is going to be in your in your sales pitch in your emails. The messaging is how you express the idea. Okay.

[773:24] Lance Williams: Yeah. And then the copies, just all the words that they're in then, in that

[775:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: ad copy has different types of copied Facebook ads, copy, email, sales copy is different from landing page or sales letter copy. Okay.

[778:25] Lance Williams: Thank you, Jeremy. Yeah.

[778:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are all just elements, to build it all and put to put it together. And when they all work together, they're used to build trust with people. And what you're offering, the only reason anybody buys from us is one thing. They believe in trust that making the investment is going to get them what they want. If anybody here leaves here during these five days, and doesn't become a client is because they do not trust that I am actually going to do the things that I say that I'm going to do it. And they might say, Oh, it's because it's not the right time. It's the right money. It's all that now it's it's it's not it's, it's that might be like the surface level reasons that people say, but people, people will join you when they believe that it's going to do the thing that they need to do and it's important enough to them and so it's not been made important enough. It's just a backburner. Idea. So their goal is you got to get to the place where you really are able to communicate and build trust with people demonstrate that it's actually going to work for them, that it's actually going to produce that result. Now, of course, there's going to be some stubborn people. I always see them on calls like this. They're like whenever I say something like that, they're like, I'm not going to register for the accelerator this month, just to prove Jeremiah that I'm strong enough to resist is whatever Okay? If you get off on doing that, knock yourself out, I don't really care. But I want to I want to like, I want to focus on the people that want to build a business. And that's how I'm that's how I'm connected with who actually want to build this thing. What's up, Sandra, how are you?

[804:44] Speaker 2: Are you tired of hearing for me?

[805:08] Speaker 1: No, I don't get tired of hearing. Because I tell people in my accelerator, get greedy with your questions, ask more questions than you even feel comfortable with. And I think that that is something our society, okay, I know a little soapbox here our society tell for it, that they're asking too many questions that are bothering people. And people stay silent and don't get the solutions they need, because they're afraid of being too much facts. So I encourage people when they meet me, never feel like you're a burden by asking me too many questions. Well,

[814:26] Speaker 2: thank you, Jerry. I

[815:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: like that, because that's how you're going to be successful.

[816:30] Speaker 2: Well, I that here's the thing,

[817:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you may not like the answer I give you. And, and if somebody I, you know, I meet people there, they're afraid of getting the wrong answers. So then they don't ask a question. That's another reason why people don't ask questions. They're afraid of hearing the thing. They don't want to hear it? Well, as a business owner, you're gonna have to get used to hearing things you don't want to hear? Often. So, yeah, you know,

[823:40] Speaker 2: I'm picking back. I'm just piggybacking off of what Lance? Is it, Lance? Was it Lance? That was, yeah, he mentioned the landing pages, and the landing page, does that necessarily need to be on your website, or can it be from like an email provider, because all my landing pages, which I am going to now go back and improve now that I get all this great information, my landing pages have been through constant contact. So I'm not

[832:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure how Constant Contact does, if you're going to be running Facebook ads, a lot of those email providers, they they don't work as well with the advertising and tracking to be able to get the offer in front of people. I just created a course in our accelerator called Facebook pixel clarity, we're actually went through all the different landing page builders, from email providers and everything like that. And we found that a lot of times, they don't actually have the stuff that you need to make the offer if you're going to be running ads work. So again, you don't need to build a whole website, I have a method where I teach people, this is what I say, don't worry about building this whole elaborate website, you can literally get it done in a week or two. Already did. As well, you you have a Squarespace is the tool that I like for people to use. Because it's so easy, you just create one page. And then you can even make that the homepage of your website, or you make a homepage as being a place as your bio, and then it links to your your offer page. And you just have like three or four pages on there, and you're done. And now that actually links up and connects with all the things that you need to for to kind of work with the ads, because there's a way of setting up the ads and the pixel, that'll make sure that you're actually kind of targeting the right people. And then there's a way of actually setting up the end, the sales copy is like 95% of that. But then there's also the pixel side of it. And so that's a big area that we work with people through you

[855:51] Speaker 2: mentioning pixel on every time I'm on the face book ad manager, I keep seeing that. And I have to be honest, I don't really know what that means is that pixels that this picture that have to do

[858:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. Yeah, no, it's what it is, is it's basically it's a tracking mechanism that allows you, when you run the ads, it's going to track who's registering, I think it's going to track that people joined an ad clicks your website, and then you can literally take those people when the after they register with you. And you can tell Facebook, okay, go find me more people like those who registered for me. So their AI will go to work and actually find the people that are similar to those who already registered with you. And so then that brings the ads cost down by doing that. And they have what's called a conversion goal, where the algorithm will then also try to find more people that are going to register with you. So without the pixel, your ads are almost pretty much guaranteed to lose money. And that's how most people are running ads without the pixel. And that's why they think ads don't work.

[873:06] Speaker 2: So Got it. Thank you. Yeah,

[874:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: because if you're just sending ads to a page, but then the algorithm isn't set up, and it's just a it's just a point and click thing. There's only code that you need to write or anything to do this. But that's not set up. It's not going to show the ad the right people. It's just going to show it to it's gonna be a lot more random, and that's not a good thing. That is how you can lose money with ads. So you but it's not difficult to get that set up right either. That's why that's a big area that we that we coach people on. Even on our live calls, I walk people through a lot of that too. And the accelerator is working through a lot of that. Because there's, there's a lot of these little nuances that like even that you guys have asked about here today is like, there's like, there's nuance to building your coaching business. And that's where the value of the accelerator comes in, is having a resource of other coaches, mentors and me to work with you. And I'm the one that hosts all the live calls, it's not other coaches, or anybody that's on there. I'm the one that's actually there with you ever week. A lot of programs like this, you're not even meeting with the person who's running it. They only meet with their higher level people. I'm actually in there with you doing all the doing all the stuff with you. So all right. Well, hey, everybody, like I said, we opened the doors to it until next week, I know we got Christmas. So we extended it out a little bit past and I'd love to see you all jump in. Love to see you join the accelerator with us just to try it out. That's why I love having a 30 day money back guarantee. Why? Because a there's no risk to you to try it out. And I'm going to tell you about what those free gifts are that we're giving tomorrow as well. One of them is I'll tell you what one of the free gifts are that we're actually giving to people. So we we have a course that's a part of the accelerator. And, and it's gotten the best reviews, positive reviews from the people that are in there as to what like finally help them understand how to do the Facebook ads and the pixels is this Facebook ads basics for newbies course, just for trying the program out, you'll be able to actually keep that full course for life just for trying it out. So even if you leave the program, you'll have lifetime access to this to this course just for trying it out. Even if you ask for your money back. It's yours to keep as far as that goes. And then there's two other gifts that were that we'll be giving as well that we'll let you know about tomorrow. So the link is Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator again, we will send you an email with that as well. And it looks like we're right at the top of the hour here. So I will see everybody tomorrow. We still have another day of VIP. And I have not mentioned this, but I'm gonna mention it tomorrow. So here's the thing you guys get first dibs on all the information to by being here. You guys find out everything before everybody else here in the VIP. We're actually going to be adding two more bonus q&a sessions as well. So not just tomorrow, but there's two more sessions where you can join and do q&a. We'll be doing it. We'll be doing one on Saturday afternoon. And then we will be doing one on Wednesday the 27th in the afternoon as well next week, so after Christmas. And so yeah, jump in tomorrow with us. Join us for the for the session, make sure to at least go through it. And then we got those two bonus q&a days as well. So I'll see you on those. All right, everybody. This has been great. This has been fun. I love this group of people here. These questions have been incredible. And I'll see you all tomorrow.

