LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2023-03-08T19:33:23.000Z
Duration: 98 min
Otter ID: q6XcXUA9soBiU5U23Z6zQx5EAT4
---

[3:01] Speaker 0: Check check one two microphones working copied in invite link here

[10:11] Speaker 1: okay

[11:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: we are going live in the Facebook group

[12:37] Speaker 1: there we go there we go. All right

[14:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: so today is our live copywriting review, rewrite help you work through your copy

[21:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we're gonna start with the niece and she has her hand raised. And if you would like to have me review something raise your hand Hello, nice.

[25:32] Speaker 2: Hi. I'm I'm at the like formulating my idea stage before the copy. Can I ask you a question about that? Totally. Okay, so I'm going to do a 14 day challenge. It's going to start in two weeks from Monday, I'll launch my ads on Monday. And it's like, you know, the Lenten season, Lent, pre Resurrection Sunday. I'm gonna do a 14 day I want to do session. It's gonna be a daily meditation series, where the videos are eight minutes long. And then I'll do like a PDF with the Bible scripture. Meditation. Yeah. And I've been doing this and it's been

[37:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: 14 hours straight. I'm like you, you don't need to work that hard.

[38:55] Speaker 2: They're like I went, I found like, my audience was telling me that my meditations were too long. So my sweet spot number is seven minutes, 70 minutes and I go, Ah, yeah. So I, I have been doing it organically, but I'm going to do ads and do it on a broader scale now. So my question is for the copy is I'm trying to come up with like to do my research and on Jasper and Jett GVT is, I want to call it I don't want to call it Lenten pre resurrection. Because a lot of people I don't want to connect with people. Not everybody does Lent, okay. But there is something powerful because I've been really studying more like lent to really put focus pre Resurrection Sunday on just like fasting or meditation and prayer. I want to call it resurrected. Yeah. And what I getting is like through fasting and prayer, like there's something in each of us that could die and resurrect, it's kind of like a you know, Jesus died and resurrected. We I'm not diminishing that. But I think that there's also it's like a metaphor for something in us that could die. Like me, I've been doing this work by doing it before I do my meditations. And it's urges. I've done a whole parts work around my urges, there. And then the second thing is fear, the urges that I've struggled with for 20 something years are connected to fear from being a really little girl, something I experienced. So that's kind of the direction are going but I'm having the hardest time with getting the copy. It's like I have general my

[69:30] Speaker 3: cool.

[70:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I just I always start with taking like even just what you just said and I would like use a tool like otter AI

[73:49] Speaker 0: or even your phone the Notes app and just like dump a recording of just describing what you want to help people with. Okay, out the raw like stream of consciousness scale. And then I feed that into the into the AI. Then say, you know, can you write a sales letter based off of this, and it kind of takes all those ideas and merges them together really well. By doing that, that's, that's actually a huge part of what the new course that I'm putting together the chat GPT prompt Academy is all about, is doing that. And so I even walked through.

[84:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did the lesson last night, it was funny. It was at like one in the morning that I taught the lesson, but it was great. I took like a two hour nap and then recorded it and then that's how I've been doing stuff. I'm like, Okay, I record content. Okay, baby needs to feed with mom. So I'm now I'm going to take a nap right here, get done with the feeding. And I'm gonna go record a class and I'll go back to sleep. And I just kind of am structuring my life around when I have when I am at my mental best. And if that's two in the morning, I'm gonna press record and record myself. And so it was cool as the first lesson of that that class that I recorded last night. It'll be in the members area here later today, it should be in the Facebook group as well. Okay, I'm looking did it actually posts in the Yes, it did posts in the group. So it's right here. Because understanding the true power of AI tools. At the very end of it, I went over where I sort of share. And I've been using it for this factor where I just stream of consciousness, consciousness share ideas of what I've been struggling with. And then I have it, create even affirmations for myself around those things that I'm dealing with, and how we use sales letters and stuff. So the first lesson is more like how I use it. In my practical everyday life, I actually use chat CPT as sort of a an AI Coach and an assistant in my everyday life to come up with and process ideas. I was dealing with one issue where I was struggling to delegate certain tasks. And I found the root cause of why I'm struggling to delegate the task by iterating, with chat GPT through what the problem was. And I identified Oh, I have dealt with five other employees that worked with companies I worked with, that I had an unresolved trauma around that I was projecting into delegating a certain task in my business. But I wouldn't have found that if I hadn't gone through that sort of jumping my ideas out into there. And so I do the same thing for writing sales letters. That's what lesson number two is going to be all about next week is using it for your sales copy this type of way, and different commands that I use. So some of the commands that I've been really liking for our sales copy, let's just, let's just do this. Right now. I wasn't transcribing what you were saying while you were saying it. I'm going to start recording it. Right now. And let me see if so tell me a little bit about again, that passion that you have for Lent and how people can can use it for themselves.

[128:41] Speaker 2: So you know, there's Resurrection Sunday, my thought is that we can capture the power of pre Resurrection Sunday to have like a focus of meditation, prayer fasting, and it's really like something in us wants to die. I don't like the word die, but that's what I keep seeing and then be resurrected. So the intention is in a 14 day meditation series that people create space where they can see for themselves with through trekking with the scriptures. Um, you know, some area of their life may be that it's time for them to put it to rest or time to die, metaphorically, and then be resurrected, which is true self True Self energy, being present and leading in their life. But I really want to track with this whole the principle of Resurrection Sunday that Jesus resurrected from the dead and something in us, like what needs to be put to rest dot death in my life and resurrected. But

[146:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you didn't want to do though, as well. Exactly, yes. I'm sorry. Explain like what you didn't want to do as well. With the blend or something.

[149:57] Speaker 2: Yeah, I didn't want to call it lent. Because not every person of faith knows what that is or really kind of gets with that. So I wanted to appeal more to not just people who kind of observed the Lenten season. Okay, that's pretty much it.

[157:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So sometimes I like to just put like what you said here and see like, what it spits back as to how it's responding and understanding what I'm saying I write a sales letter for a free 14 day meditation challenge series that people can sign up for. Based on the above

[167:20] Speaker 2: Oh, I love this. See, so

[168:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that gets you like, yes, there.

[169:08] Speaker 2: Yes, this is placed, I've been really stuck Jeremy right here. And then the other is how do I take the concept and then map it into like, the template that you use? I've done it by like copying and pasting and doing like using the content below. But it doesn't quite work for me. And I'm not sure why.

[175:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Using the template, what template are we talking about?

[176:13] Speaker 2: You know how like, you'll have like a sales offer page and you'll copy paste it and then I'll you'd like use this kind of template but map it on. But I haven't really gotten a real competent with that yet.

[180:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Um, it's, it's just, it's great. Even like, what you're saying is, and I've always found a lot of your questions really aligned with what we're doing in our group. So that's what the landing page blueprint course that I'm creating is all about is how do you map those to each segment of your landing page. So we're literally the over the next month, we're sort of processing through this, I'm gonna break this down in detail is like different commands you can use in chat, GBT, how does it map to your landing page right here. So right here, I want to put right out 20 possible solutions, or outcomes someone might experience from doing this? Challenge? Okay, yeah. So now what I have here is we have sort of our, our idea. Yeah. And then that's where I would take it into into Jasper. Yeah. And this is just the process that I use for a lot of our even if I do this,

[199:43] Speaker 0: right, I'm going to just copy the command. This is why I like using another computer because I can copy the command and have it do the same command again, a feeling overwhelmed, stressed out and just need to change if so it's a great opportunity for you. So here's the other thing that I've been doing lately, as I've been saying, rewrite the above in a conversational, informal

[205:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: and persuasive.

[206:51] Speaker 0: feeling stuck in a rut overwhelmed and just needed a change, I have something for you, and invite you to this meditation challenge. I know it can be intimidating, but don't worry. It's designed for people of all levels, whether you're a seasoned, so this is kind of taking this and now what I would do is I would merge it with this info above right here. Yeah, merge the above sales letter, with the context from the following.

[214:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So if you're like, well, that doesn't sound like what I'm wanting to do. Now we're able to merge the two together. It's really stuck in certain areas of life. Do you feel like something's holding you back from True Self energy leading the life you want? We'll do the same command again. Rewrite the above in a conversational persuasive tone.

[220:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're stuck in a rut, something's holding you back from living your best life.

[222:10] Speaker 0: That idea of letting go of certain things in order to experience true self energy and lead a more fulfilling life. But don't worry, it's not a religious thing. It's a challenge to help. Totally open for people of all faiths.

[226:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So 14 days we'll be guiding you through this and you could say like passages readings that you'll be able to identify areas of your life that are holding you back. I'm seeking kind of merge some of this. Maybe rewrite the above in the tone of Gabby Bernstein. Okay, are you feeling stuck in a rut living your best life concept of letting go of things that no longer serve you as you experience this in a more fulfilling life? Okay, so that that kind of gets you a little bit there.

[236:08] Speaker 2: It really this is huge. This one part has been where I've been challenged. I feel really at home with Jasper like all of it. I'm on with it all the time. But this is this is huge for me. It's gonna make me faster

[240:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's why I like using chat GPT because that was a lot quicker than Jasper actually generating that information then I would take this into Jasper and see what kind of outputs it gives you for the recipe that we have Yeah.

[252:16] Speaker 1: See what kind of headlines

[254:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: learn to let go of what doesn't serve you find peace, clarity and direction and just 14 days. So those are some concepts right there

[258:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, and so what you're inviting people into is this experience with you for 14 days going on the 14 day journey.

[262:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know why sometimes it grabs whatever is on the previous line. Yes. I like the line.

[264:27] Speaker 2: Oh, okay. That's gonna really help because it happens quite a bit

[265:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: for me. Yeah, if you're just highlighted it'll. Okay, cool. So I use one hand and I press Control Enter. Okay.

[268:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Blocks and make decisions based on convenience and familiarity, rather than taking the time to explore. Yeah, so there's some different different ways of looking at the copy not all of this is perfect. You'll have to play with it and tweak it for what really sounds like what you're going for. But those gives you new ideas.

[273:44] Speaker 2: Oh, my God is so huge. They I was like really, like, embarrassed to come on. Because I don't have anything done. I was like, screw that. I know. I can just come on and he'll help me direct me or whatever. So I'm so glad I Can you email that to me? Or how? Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Yep.

[279:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else have any other copy that we want to review that we want to write that we want to work on? Your offer? Raise your hand. Oh, Prodigy. What's up? Oh, hey, how are you doing? Good. So

[283:29] Speaker 3: yeah, I would like you to work on something for me for sure. Give me one second. Let me grab the link for you. And then I'll send it to you. Here you go. It's right here. Let me show this to you right now. And I would love your feedback. I'm throwing in the chat window. There you go

[292:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: oops, I lost my screen. There we go. Okay

[298:00] Speaker 3: the date we have to change but

[299:53] Speaker 1: cool

[301:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you launched it already?

[302:16] Speaker 3: No, I, I'm going to launch to be brutally honest. But I wanted to wait to but we're having this rewrite today. And then I was going to make the final changes and then launch tomorrow.

[305:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, from what I see here, it looks ready to go.

[307:00] Speaker 3: Yeah, the only thing we have to do is just changed the date. We're gonna do it two weeks later, like we talked about, right? That's the only thing which is easy. Mike guy will just make the change for the date. So I was gonna put it for two weeks out because that's what you were saying. Oh my videos How do you know when you're looking at a black screen? Give me one second. There I am.

[314:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like if I take this the stage that I would look at now is if we just take your sales letter and go Convert the VHS copy.

[319:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Becoming a real estate agent can be an intimidating The process, especially if you don't have any prior knowledge, or experience or know where to start, then convert the above to a Facebook ad. Yep. And so that would be some Facebook ad copy, sorry. I meant to mute it, but it became too quick. We got some of the Texas allergies, they just hit me like a rush today.

[327:46] Speaker 3: I have to I'm in Maryland. And so I need to get back on my homeopathic medication. As soon as I start eating my home without the medication, it completely clears up all my allergies. It's pretty amazing.

[331:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So this gives you Yeah, I went off to Zyrtec a long time ago, because that, you know, they don't tell you this, their tech actually affects your mental health quite a bit. Oh, I believe it. I'll give me just grab a tissue just me one second. I know. It's like we're in the same room. Let's see, are you interested in becoming a successful real estate agent? As investments, generate qualified leads and maximize your income? So what is this wise investments? Part? Is that part of what they're trying to do? Or

[342:46] Speaker 3: a wise investment? Mostly? Which part? Are they?

[343:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are they making an investment?

[344:43] Speaker 3: Investment probably in just one lead generating business, like generating leads and that kind of thing? But there's an investment.

[347:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so then go there maximize your income and much more. That's so are you licensing them as a real estate agent? Or as an inspector?

[350:38] Speaker 4: Said against sorry?

[351:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you licensing them as a real estate agent or as a as an inspector? Are? Those are two different offers? You have?

[352:31] Speaker 3: Yeah, two different offers. Right. So this one, and there's a separate one as a separate challenge for home inspectors.

[354:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, which one makes you the most money?

[355:40] Speaker 3: Which of the two challenges? They both make good money because this was at a lower price point. So you get more people who inspection has a higher price point they have less people? So they both do? Well? You know? Yeah, they both do well, and they're two different completely two different industries.

[360:38] Speaker 0: I think this is really cool. The one thing that you might run into though is it might cost you like $150 per sign up with ads, with Facebook ads. So just keep that in mind. It might cost you about $150. Just to get somebody to pay you 27. Generally, what we're finding for like paid challenges is the ads cost is five times whatever the paid challenge, Costas.

[367:19] Speaker 3: Well, yeah, so I said, it says 27, I was gonna reduce this down to like, $1, and then make one that we have another one that's exactly the same, that's

[369:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: $1, it'll still probably cost you about $10 to get people to pay you $1 It's hilarious. How like,

[371:26] Speaker 3: Oh, really? So if I do for free? How much? Are you finding for free? For free? It

[372:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: might be $10, too. So it just depends what free is. Yeah, free might be 10. So then $1 might be 20. If it's like $1, it would be like whatever, like double or triple whatever the free is God and you're qualifying out the people that aren't a good fit. That's why. And what we're really seeing is there's a big trend in the market around low cost for you workshops, right, like, dollar workshop, $7 workshop $17 workshop, right? Because it just qualifies people better for the challenge that you're doing. And I might pivot to that model later this year. Right now, I still need to, because I'm making great profit with my free offers.

[384:16] Speaker 3: Yeah. And, and more if you don't need to,

[385:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well,

[385:50] Speaker 3: and you can still make money on the on the upsells. Right. So you start

[386:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. I'm starting to evaluate though. Um, because I've ran. So just, I don't want to confuse anybody who's on here. We talk about doing like the challenge model of virtual events. Yeah. You can charge anywhere from three to 97 to even $300 for your virtual event. And I've seen the range. The more you charge, the more qualified somebody's going to be. And the more it's going to cost you to get them to register, which is very interesting. Once you're at the 97 to 297 range. You can the ads you can start to kind of break even at that point, but you might still lose money. Three years ago, we could run Add straight to a $97. Workshop and make double our ad spend. As of last year we were, we were losing $2. For every dollar we would spend sending people straight to a paid workshop. And so that's why free is great. But there's a caveat to free is once you if you start saturating your market with free, you're gonna start getting bottom of the barrel people eventually, and then they won't even convert to sales for you. That's the part where I would then go to, maybe you have a free that pre qualifies people to then join a paid challenge. You're gonna need to worry about that, though. So you've like ran a couple of challenges already. And you're and you're like, you're not making the kind of money you want to make.

[414:32] Speaker 0: But yes, if you're running a paid workshop, with paid ads, you'll like if it's 27, or $47, you can expect to lose five times whatever that is just to get a lead. If you're running it straight to a to a paid workshop, so if it's, if it's a $47 workshop, it'll cost you almost $250 Just to get somebody to sign up for that $47 workshop and ads.

[421:49] Speaker 3: Yes, I agree with you exactly what you're saying, which is that I was going to make it three or $1. We'll see. Right? You know, the other strategy to $7

[424:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: is pretty good. It's that's a good. Like, I liked that range.

[425:22] Speaker 3: Yeah, I was thinking about doing it for $7. And then on the retargeting ad, we would make it free in a limited time offer.

[427:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Yeah, try that out. That's not a that's actually I hadn't thought about trying that.

[428:50] Speaker 3: You're welcome.

[429:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, it's funny, because we used to do that with our courses, but I hadn't thought about doing it for these workshops.

[430:44] Speaker 3: You're welcome. So that's what we're making two pages. For each. Each one, we're making two sales pages. So we're doing the $7 offer originally, because we know most people don't purchase them the first time they look at it.

[434:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. The challenge with that is if you just make sure you segment out who purchased.

[435:45] Speaker 3: Yep. You have on the on the face and the pixel. That's what

[437:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, otherwise, there'll be asking for refunds and

[437:43] Speaker 3: 100%. Under and which is not the end of the world, right? Like if somebody dies, we'll immediately just give them the make it free for them. Not a big deal. Because we still want them to buy the VIP and more importantly, we want them to show up to the actual event. Right? Yes, but you're correct, we have to make sure that the pixels are working correctly. But if it's, you know, they don't see that the end of the world is hey, I want them to sign up. And we can say, hey, we're already refunded you you're already taken care of right? Because at the end of the day, even if we had to take all the people that bought it for seven, and people that got it for free, we'll refund them make more free, we need to you know, I mean, or maybe even the easier way sometimes it's just not even charging them, we show that we're charging them but we don't actually charge them. And then that way, but then you have to have the credit card for the VIP that's. So what do you do? I guess they have to put in submit their credit card when they try to upgrade. That's what you do right for this when they sign up for free. Because there's not a credit card information. When you're doing the upsell for the VIP. That's when they put their credit card in at that point. Right. Yeah. So yeah, not a big deal. I mean, at the end of the day, I just want as many signups because what you're saying is 100% true, I just want people in the system. But if you if you have any changes that you think that we should make on the page, the video, I'm creating that today and the video, I'm actually segmenting my list. So we found that the number one I think I've told you before that the number one group that becomes real estate agents are teachers. Okay, there we go. So I'm creating a sales page that's specific to teachers as well. Okay, and, and we're launching that tomorrow, too. And what that basically says is, you know, the seven steps to becoming a agent as a teacher, a part time real estate agent as a full time teacher. So we're right. And then so it's a seven step process, and we're going to teach all of that during the challenge. And so come on in and, you know, so that's basically what that's what my book, you know, what's the seven step process, you know, to become a full time real estate agent as a teacher or, you know, and then I give a story, right? So there here's an agent, you know, they were a teacher, they did XYZ, and now they're, you know, in the evenings and weekends, and in their summer breaks, they're making X amount of money. Yeah. And if you want to learn more, join, sign up for the challenge. It's completely discounted, right Bryce? Which this right now?

[476:29] Speaker 0: Yeah, I just pasted the ad copy in the chat for you is what this generated right here. Oh, so again, those two commands in Jasper just generate PHAs copy and then convert to Facebook. ads copy. That's what I'm using for all my Facebook ads. That's what we use for all of our Facebook ads. And then I just edit it and tweak its output. Because Jasper is really good at creating Facebook ads copy. It's really, it was originally designed to only be for Facebook ads. Oh, really. So it excels at Facebook ads copy and the right way of wording a Facebook ad.

[486:29] Speaker 3: Got it. Make sense?

[487:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just taking your raw landing page, it converts basically just raw landing page. That's why I say focus on your landing page. And then you can just run it through Jasper to make your ads copy. You're running it through to create your, your whatever your video ad template is going to be as well.

[491:25] Speaker 3: Yeah, that was gonna be what I was gonna do is take the ad copy, throw it into Jasper, or even Chad GBT and say hey, and I got the pro version of that. I

[493:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: think you did. Yeah, I think I think your offer is at the stage where it's time to turn to launch at 10 to actually release the brake pedal and then go forward.

[496:18] Speaker 3: i Okay, I'm there with you, Jared. I because I think I've been thinking about this way too much. Yeah. And I'm like, now I'm getting antsy.

[499:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the key is you want to create a mechanism of some kind, where everybody who joins, you get to survey them as to what their problem is and what they would like to learn. Got it. That key is that's where you're that's where the money comes from. See, where, how are you? And this is more, this is more of a question just for everybody. How else do we expect to get qualified answers to those two questions? Without running an offer? I don't know of a better way to get a more qualified group of people to answer those two questions for me, is two runs an offer that gives them some kind of value and then an exchange? You ask them to answer a series of those two questions. What are you struggling with? And what would you like to learn the most?

[512:32] Speaker 3: Can I have right off to the register, like important, you must fill out this form. And then it asks them to fill it out right off to the registration page. Does that make sense? After they've done the VIP and everything?

[516:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't done it that way. But you could

[517:02] Speaker 3: do it if you'd like at top of mind, because if especially at the top, it says you must fill this out to continue in the program. Or

[519:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could even make it be part of your registration form.

[520:10] Speaker 3: The only thing is I don't want them to caught up on that. And they don't fill out the registration. Like they don't, you know by I want them to buy and then they got to do it. You know? Yeah. At least questions you asked him in the beginning the higher jasm

[523:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's why that's why I just use the Facebook group to do it.

[525:21] Speaker 3: And then how do you kind of get them to join the Facebook group, I mean, one of the things I'm going to do is you get a free ebook, when you join,

[527:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I give bonuses and free trainings, I do the pre trainings that are only found in the group. And so I find that that motivates people. And this is the cool part, I base my pre trainings off of the answers that people told me that they want to learn when they join the group. So I'm actually delivering to people what they told me they want to learn in those questions in the pre training videos before they even join. Make sense, I'm just recording those really quickly. I'm like, I'm just making them to where like I'm walking around my neighborhood answering a few questions. And that becomes a pre training, I'm not putting a whole lot of time thought investment, carefulness into trying to make sure that it's a great training for it's just, it's just a, it's just a bonus. It's not a like,

[539:34] Speaker 3: got it. It makes complete sense. And one of the other things we're going to do is in the group, we're going to be doing gamifying the process of the group. So there's a leaderboard. So the people that are more active, the people that turn on their video, the people that so we're going to be doing giveaways, like cash prizes. So the more active you are in the group, the more active you are in the actual live events, the more that you have chances to be able to win, you know, actual prizes and books and stuff like that. So and then we mail them off to them so and gamification, and I feel like is the number one thing with the community. And that gets them to join the main community as well.

[550:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't seen the need for that in what we've done. But if that works for you, that's great.

[551:39] Speaker 3: Yeah, it's just something I've seen done by other people. And I found they've had such success with being able to keep an active community going after the fact. So

[554:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's where just just me talking with you and everybody else listening to this. Yeah, I don't want our group to now not launch their offers, because I can't figure out

[556:32] Speaker 3: gamification I'm sorry, don't don't don't don't take what I did,

[557:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: nowadays, because now if people think well, now, My offer is not going to work and let's have gamification. I think that is completely not, though, don't ality

[560:00] Speaker 3: On launch price, I'm going to promise one thing, Jeremiah. So tomorrow when I launch, I'm going to be going in the group. And I'm going to tell everybody that I've launched as somebody said this, I don't even know what gamification

[563:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: means. Yeah, yeah. I

[564:36] Speaker 3: don't know what it means. It means you don't need to know.

[565:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exactly. And it's like me to know it. That's why I keep I keep stuff simple. There's all these like, there's so much complexity that goes beyond what I teach in this program. Yeah, absolutely. As like, it'll, it'll you'll be working, building your offer for years and not even put it out there. You need to just put an offer out there, get some people in front of you on a zoom call, make a sales pitch, flex your muscles, doing the selling part of it and get some sales, and then start adding bells and whistles to that.

[574:10] Speaker 3: And I have a guy that's doing it. So you all don't even worry about it. Yeah, launch your offer. That's, that's the goal. Launch your offer. Totally. And you made it one dime. I remember this last time when I tell you is you like you like he created the page had everything done. And you were able to launch I think not even in 24 hours, like the same day. So that's the point. Like you could do this, everybody could do this. And I've just been thinking it. So I'm just gonna launch tomorrow. And yeah, awesome. Thank you so much, Jeremiah.

[582:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I love it. And that's the thing like we the, the added complexity is just to dial and dial in more and more, as far as like getting the stuff dialed in how it works best for you. But like, it's only going to a lot of this stuff only adds like five to 10%. This is a this mindset shift thing that I should talk about a little bit. There are certain personalities to where you're like, Well, if there's 5%, I can get from it that I'm not going to put myself out there until I can squeeze that extra 5% out. That becomes a what I call are we convinced ourselves that procrastination is a positive, that we've convinced ourselves that procrastination is a benefit. And we can't let ourselves procrastinate and convince ourselves that we now need to do all these things. Because it's so much better if we do if you do that, you're just going to be chasing your tail constantly. And you're going to miss out on the opportunities to even connect with people and get your offers out there. So we need to we need to work on that we need to to not let the overwhelm of what we don't have done yet. Or oh, well now I need to do this to put us into another step of stuckness. It could be a fact finder tendency, Michelle. Fact Finder tendons. So that's part of it, because I am a Fact Finder. But there's also I actually think it's it's it's more in my mom talks about this, this belief that well, people who are successful do that. So I can't succeed unless I do all those things that they do. And that's a big lie. That's a very big lie that you have to do now all these things in order to be successful. It's just not true at all. And so if we go to the table, launching our offer, you'll you'll if you start looking around at the industry, you'll find 20 ways where your offer is missing features that other people are doing, and then talk yourself out of launching. Because you end up getting a Sherry said yes, sidetracked on things that are not important. The important stuff is the six steps and getting people onto a zoom call with you that you can sell to them. You know, Judy, I want to ask Judy, this what you're somebody I think that you like, have learned that you just gotta launch. You just got to put something out there and see what happens. You don't need to add all this complexity and sidetrack yourself. What advice would you give to some people if that's their tendency?

[628:47] Speaker 1: Okay, I've just it's funny that you're asking this because I just have coached complete a client on this whole thing that you just have to you, you. I took them obviously took them through

[632:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I follow my intuition. And I felt intuitively I should ask you this. So

[634:17] Speaker 1: this is like I said, was very funny, that call before this. I mean, I knew and I'm great to hear what's beneath your meditation because that's a big thing that people don't do and I know you're doing Jeremiah. So I would just say you need to breathe into that place of fear. Feel Look at because that's where people are getting stuck. They're getting stuck.

[641:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: There. A lot of people argue they don't have fear, though, is why it's just it's a it's a need for to do things the right way.

[643:17] Speaker 1: Okay. And we're gonna I'm gonna catch you right there. The person I spoke to said, I'm feeling stuck. I need to be this needs to be perfect. It needs to be 100%. Perfect. I explained to them that I, you know, and I think I talked to you while I didn't know put it on the thing about when you coach the other day about not, there was a lot of stuff that hit me. I said to this person, I said, you need to just stop right now. Take a step back, and how are you going to feel? What's the feeling you're going to have? When you successfully

[654:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: put yourself out there? start feeling that feeling? Yeah, get

[655:38] Speaker 1: right into the vibe, the feeling I had, I was on a zoom call with him. I had him shut his eyes, took him to a meditation had him breathe into it. And I said, Okay, tell me what and I asked specific questions. What are you feeling? How does that was it visualized? What how what what's the audience? You know that you're? Because he's actually going to be doing stuff in person as well as zoom, but mostly in person? How? What are their faces look like? What? What? What do you hear? What do you smell? And what do you feel? What are you feeling? And the amazing part about it was he snapped like that? And I had said to him, Are you afraid? He's like, Oh, no, I make there's no fears here. I was afraid and you know me, you know what a badass I am, you know, dropped a few of the F bombs. We got a big back and forth. And I'm like, well, then, now that you've got that, and I tell them come back out, we started talking and I said, How do you feel? And he said, I'm on the top of the world. He said, I don't know. And he goes, and you know what? While you were doing that, he said, I had this stuff came up in my gut. He said, because this guy's an ex Ranger. And he said right before we went on a mission, you have that kernel of fear. And he said it as you were talking to me, I had a little bit and I have to admit, there was a little bit there. And he said, and I'm just afraid that I shared with him how I was afraid with the online stuff. Of not I can carry myself to everyone who's in my life. They look polished, they look this they looked at Everything's perfect. They've got the perfect backgrounds, they've got, you know, they've got the little zen gone still, you know, often you know, all the meditative stuff. And I said to him, I said I had to get the F over it. Get the f over myself. And that's then that was it. That was purely 100% gonna

[687:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: get out of our own way is it? Oh, it is. We're in our own way, stopping ourselves with like, needing to do all this stuff that isn't contributing to the end result.

[691:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, well then, and I like I said that was the breakthrough for me from you. And I was able to share that with my client. Because I thought I needed to have that look you know, and and I and I had to you know, I had to look and say wait a second. This is how much my my company's worth these contracts I just saw like I had to put them in front of me and I'm like yeah, I know. So why was I so just so you know, and I'll and I'll share it in the group when I do and I am going to do a video and I have I have all my coffee and stuff and and I'll probably throw it up there later on and have you just do a quick look through before I you know throw it out? Yeah, yeah, I'll see and and in like I said also the thing is I have to kind of prequalify and I had to put the coffee towards in you know, some people gotta be turned off by it and and that's what I said to him too. When you do when you're doing you put yourself out there and he has an email list like I do I said don't be afraid of offending someone i said i If I peered down my list yeah all people that didn't open up I all that that's the other thing for everybody knows somebody's not opening your emails or not looking at it. You can continue if you want to have them there, but as far as I'm concerned that day, I wasn't they weren't getting into the offers that Yeah, exactly. By most money. Yeah.

[716:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. And so we don't we need to like let go of trying to that's what that's why I always say you gotta let go of trying to control the outcome. That's really why we get distracted by doing all this stuff is we're trying to control how the outcome goes, we're trying to control okay, if I invest $300, I need to control that it produces 3000. And and we have this idea that if it doesn't, that that's a devastating thing, or that's something that we're trying to avoid and realize that actually, by letting go of control, that that's how you actually get the breakthrough. That's actually how you get to the next level is not trying to force things into happening. But you put it out there and you release it, and literally, the word release is you release your hands from trying to make it do what you want it to do. At that point, you need to let it go release it, I talked about the roller coaster example, like you have no control over the roller coaster going down, you got to if you're in a car, you release the brake pedal and it starts to go up, it has an automatic transmission, that was a manual transmission, okay, you got to put it in the gear. But if it's in gear, it's gonna go when you press that gas pedal. And so when you release it, you're there's a level of letting go that we all do in our life. And that's where we end up flowing, and we end up doing stuff naturally without thinking about it. And in your business, you want to get to the stage where you're actually you get to where you're doing this stuff without thinking about it, it becomes more of an extension of you, and not you, like needing to make sure that everything's just so just perfect, because you're trying to control how it goes, You're you you are going to produce if we do a side by side comparison, somebody launching a campaign trying to control the outcome and make everything just so unjust, perfect, and somebody who just releases it and lets it go almost all the time, the person who just releases it, lets it go and isn't trying to control it is going to make more money is going to produce more results long term. Because the person who's trying to control it is going to be stuck in stalling and hesitating and in hesitation and stopping themselves from moving forward. Because they're not quite sure if it's going to produce a result. Is it too risky is it and it's this, it's this control thing is really what it is letting go of control in, in business. In your marketing, we can control we can control but at the end of the day, you don't have a business, if you're not launching something, you're you, you just have a time consuming distraction that you're pouring into. It's essentially like the, if you keep rewriting your copy, keep rewriting your copy. And that says an improv G knows me, this isn't anything to say that he did anything wrong. But if he keeps rewriting his copy, and for six more months doesn't launch, like he would do, he would be more effective in his business to just go play video games for the next six months. Let you know like it would it would produce the same result. And so at some point, you got to like let it go let it out. And and launch something and release control of how it goes. And then that's where you analyze the results. And then you get to go back into moments of control where we write our offer copy where we develop our funnel, but you don't want to get stuck in that control. The six steps are when you promote it, you do the sales pitch, you have to let go of control at that moment. And then you get to analyze the result and say, Okay, what can I control it from I can control, I'm going to change the offer copy, I'm going to change the language, I'm gonna change the funnel, but then I got to release it again and see how those changes did. We can't We can't simulate in our brain good enough to even come close to what putting an offer out there could do. And I think far too often we're trying to mentally simulate how an offer is going to go. And I think and I believe the root of that. Is can be can be trauma can be other things. Because the idea is if I could predict, okay, I'll just share this as my example from my own life. If I can predict if my mom has a bad day, and she's going to beat the living shit out of me that I know that that day that I'll need to be a good boy and control things and not cross a certain line. Okay, so that's my experience growing up as a child. Now I bring that into adulthood. To build a business, I operate out of the same mental framework of trying to avoid pain by controlling other people's actions by what we do. And so that's where you might say I have no trauma. I've experienced no trauma ever Well, you might have experienced where maybe you made an investment and it didn't pay off. And so you made a decision now that all investment notes are bad. And I can't make an investment. Because it's I'm gonna lose money because I lost money that one time. And so I need to make sure to never have that happen again. So what it ends up wiring decision making processes in our brain, to where when we go out there to launch our business, we're actually operating out of memory from past situations that have nothing to do with our business. But we're operating from the feeling of that past situation. And that ends up stalling us before we end up starting. And so that's where resolving trauma and healing in those things is such a huge factor in your ability to make money in a business.

[810:13] Speaker 1: Oh, this last thing, I'm gonna say everything that you said you're spot on, but that's where people get crippled, they get crippled by their want of approval. Their fear will have because this happened, even though that it might have been in a box that they've never touched, like they thought they resolved it, they thought that they had gone through therapy, or they just put it in a box, so it wouldn't affect them again. And then you've got the doubt, you've got confusion. Those are all the factors. And until somebody just kind of just you have to push through it. I mean is mean as that sounds, but sometimes you need to push through knowing that, again, it's like, Take yourself for anyone just just shut your eyes, you can take yourself there and say, okay, is this real? Is this really happening today? Yeah. Is this my reality to death? Or is this something that I felt in my previous, you know, like, like, what, no childhood or in a job or in a relationship or whatever? Trauma is Trump doesn't matter. Yep. It's him. I

[830:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: was, I was explaining this to my wife, because she sometimes doesn't understand. She's like, you know, why? Why are you letting your childhood run your life as an adult, like, she asked me that. And I said, Here's what it is, is there's there's neurons in your brain that they didn't develop, and they got locked into this three year old version. And so as a 35 year old, the three year because my, my two week old son, when he's hungry, he just screams and cries. But we know adults that do the same thing when they don't get their way. And the reason why is because in those situations, the neurons in our brain end up firing the same as they did when that moment of trauma happened. And so that's where integrating that and resolving that trauma allows it to say, Okay, I'm not going to respond the way that maybe I did that I needed for protection and safety as a three year old or a five year old or a 12 year old, I can respond as the 3545 50 year old that I am in that situation. And so that's so that's that that's a big part of it, it's just scientifically, the brain science behind it is is that the the there's, there's new connections that get made, that were never made before at that original age, at that original moment. And there are certain connections that got broken or stalled or stopped and stuff like that. And so then that can turn into even different personality types different, we approach situations like that, that's where the root of like even parts work is, is, is understanding that so I know that this is a copywriting rewrite day, right? You might be let in. And I know some of you might be really upset that I'm talking about this right now. I get it. But I need to talk about this because it's one of the number one things that stops people from launching. It's one of the number one things that stops people from going forward is that we come up with all of these reasons why we can't right now, and why we need to do more work, why we need to learn more things, why we need to discover more things instead of just putting ourselves out there and not not trying to control how it's going to turn out at that point. Letting go of control. So Sylvie,

[869:24] Speaker 5: I have a hands been raised.

[870:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I know your hands been raised. But I want to I want to take Sylvia's question here right now.

[872:40] Speaker 4: Sylvie? Okay. What you say is very interesting. And with the time it's nine months now that I've been on on the first time I met your enterprise and it took A time to figure out where I was standing. And yesterday, I just found a platform where I could registered in order to give English lessons or chill. So, at first I did not know I could do that you see in, in the respect to your teaching, but now I know there is more freedom. And I know where I can go, what can go. And yesterday when I registered, well, in fact is not finished, because there is a problem. them the platform blocked, so I've got to finish my registration. I contacted them and they write back to me, etc. So I'm waiting for a technician, me and tech is not very, you know, I'm not very good at Tech. I'm improving.

[899:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing great.

[900:02] Speaker 4: So what I discovered yesterday, I felt so released. And I was just taking back all the things that I had lost because I was retired. Because retirement made me depressed. And not only that family stories as well. So I went through a phase that was not good. But literally when I signed up for that platform, I felt so much released. And I've felt that I was recovering what I had lost. That's awesome. In order for me to go further on. So what I'm thinking is getting some money. And later on investing in your big, big, big, you know, and you call it, you know, when you have got to pay to sell and forgot how many sevens?

[918:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know? Yeah, for the one on one coaching. I got you. Yeah, we can talk about that later. That's awesome. I'm glad that you got that breakthrough.

[920:48] Speaker 4: Yes, it is a breakthrough. I feel so much better. And I've got to find ways of getting money, because at the moment, I can't do anything. I've got about two months to live on.

[924:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so start doing some work, start doing what you can, yeah, the money that you need to so that you can pay your bills so that you can take care of yourself that's important to

[926:58] Speaker 4: do. And then go further.

[927:46] Speaker 0: Yeah, all right.

[928:34] Speaker 4: So this is what I felt like saying, stepping on something non be not meeting me. I did not know what it you know, I did not find myself there.

[932:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. You've been here with us. Like I said, You've been like you said for nine months. And I've seen the break through we've had some challenging conversations about stuff. And that's why now it's like, it's all starting to kind of come together for you. That's that's the big reason why I made sure that this program is that people get in for a year because I know that if you if you jump in for a year, maybe you've only been here for a month that the transformation that happens in people's lives by being in an environment like this for an entire year. Is is life changing. And so and you're you're really a testament to that Sylvie

[941:54] Speaker 4: getting back my own life, maybe rather, you know, the one that well felt I had really you know, I worked at the university, and I did some studying there. And I felt like getting back what I had been it was it was something that made me feel good. Then. Now I got it back. Yeah. I find that I'm being mean, once again. I've got all my faculties coming back because I was afraid of unsafe, you see? Yeah. I'm 68. So,

[955:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's amazing. I love hearing that. Thanks for being

[957:31] Speaker 4: sorry. Thanks for being here. Yes, thank you. So now I'm being me again. Like all this threads that I lost.

[960:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow. That's awesome. All right, Elizabeth, let's take your let's take yours. What are we doing?

[962:17] Speaker 5: Hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. Thank you. Hello. Hi. Hi, I have a few questions. And I did have some copy. If if we have time. The question is, first, I'll put the questions out, you know, if you go out there, say with a low, you know, I don't know, say $27 or something offer, you know, and if it's not working, you know, but a few people sign up. But it really is that you want to lower the price to people just like if I see somebody put out an offer for something and then lowered it, I would make me upset.

[970:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, a lot of people do actually get really upset when they do. So you if you put it out there lower the price. So if you need to do that, I would only do it. If there's nobody signing up at that price, then I would lower it to that point. But yeah, you gotta be prepared to offer some refunds to people at that point to that's more or less an economic business thing. Now, there's some people that like, it depends, if it's like a flash sale on a course. And the and it's like, months later, right? If it's like six to 12 months later, that's a little different. If it's within the same week, I think it is I think you should honor the price.

[980:40] Speaker 5: Oh, no, no, not the same week. I mean, like, you know, month. The other is,

[981:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's months later than I mean, that's just how economics go prices change all the time. You know, you buy a house for 800,000. And then three months later, it's 400,000. You're gonna get that 400,000 back from your mortgage company. So

[985:21] Speaker 5: and you would write on the landing pages, this is early bird pricing until the the certain date that it right,

[986:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's usually better to raise the price over time than to lower it. Where you will get as like, if you raise it so high, and then nobody signs up. Okay. The marketplace has told you that they do not value what you're offering at that level. And so you either need to increase the perceived value, which is not by adding more features. It's usually by adjusting what you're going to help them with and adjusting the stage on the hero's journey that it's at. or lower the price down to where people will actually sign up. I had a client they were like, I have no VIP signups. I'm like, okay, great. Make it $7 I still have no VIP signups. Okay, great. Make it $1 Then.

[998:57] Speaker 5: Any other is? Yeah, it was just wanted to be clear. You said it was like $250,000 for one person, like

[1000:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: $250. Wow. Yeah, if you're running a Facebook ad for a $47 class, you will end up spending close to $250 in Facebook ads for one person to pay you 47 bucks.

[1004:06] Speaker 5: Wow. Okay, so the other question was my copy. So I've been using chat, and it's just it's wonderful. Oh, my God, it's revolutionary. And also your, your thing last night on landing pages, I was up till one in the morning doing awesome. Oh my gosh, it just completely changed everything for me total game changer. And we were excited about it. So I put in the chat, like I put it in here that I said create the story of this. And of course, they created a real story. I went well, this works. I put a lot of information, they gave me information, I rewrote the information to tell you when I first saw a landing page, I got nervous. So uh, being a writer. You know, we write long articles, and it doesn't go over on, it doesn't translate unless you got your audience. And so when they they spit all these words back to me, because I'm thinking keeping my landing pages really short. It was like, I'm gonna put it in here. I kind of like what it was. But it was a it was a story part here. Okay, and I kind of like what they did. And you know, and I may make it, you know, women creators and professionals will see that I saw all these words, and I went, Oh, this works. But I was like, that's a lot of words for landing

[1024:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: is I thought it was too much and the flow. So there's a flow with landing page copy that when we talk about the story, you want to start more from a perspective of not talking about what I see here is

[1029:32] Speaker 5: originally it was totally different. I probably I put something in the group and he said write the story. So I'm thinking as a story creator.

[1031:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I have a podcast episode where I go over, like what I mean by the story side of it. Okay. And I'll break this down here for you right now this is this is great.

[1035:02] Speaker 5: Because I had a whole different landing page, which was much shorter, which basically was just hey, is this what you're feeling? Is this what you're thinking? And then went into what you're going to discover and then want to put into an you know, that chat changed it for me made it maybe too long?

[1039:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I think if you took what you had And then we figure out, like, two to three sentences of a story is what we're looking for. So for instance, this is what I mean, when we talk about a story. If, as we were repeating back to people, if you are somebody, you're wanting to get clients. That's not a real business, I get it, you've tried everything. So you're basically repeating back to them, what their story is, in their life, what their excuses are, what their struggles are, and all of that. So it's not like a fictional story that you're writing. You're telling the story of the clients struggles to them in this segment, and you don't really want the story segment to be longer than this right here.

[1052:55] Speaker 5: Okay, good. And actually, I think I had that, and I think I erased it. Okay.

[1054:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So to reconstruct it, this would be but this is actually really cool as you could take this. And you could say, Do do you ever feel like you're stuck in your routine and wish you could express yourself more creatively? Okay. So instead of once upon a time, there was a group of people, it's like, sometimes it feels like,

[1060:36] Speaker 5: and chat did that I was thinking story, because when I put story in chat, I was thinking your version of story, and they wrote me a real story. Yeah. And I thought as a writer, maybe that would work.

[1063:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not for a sales page, but you can take what they wrote and pull key words out of it and filter it into, okay, the story that's where that's where the recipe that I have in Jasper is really cool. Because it has what's called an epiphany bridge. Right? And so the epiphany Bridge is the bridge to where somebody gets the epiphany that they need to take action and what were the trials and tribulations and struggles that they went through to reach that stage. Okay,

[1072:14] Speaker 5: so I can make it very simple as you long for a way to express yourself to break free from the monotony and tap into your inner creativity. I mean, just make like little bullet points like that.

[1074:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so this would be like an epiphany bridge, basically a backstory about how somebody overcame an issue. I was once struggling as a creative professional feeling overwhelmed with doubt, and confusion, stagnated me and I don't need it to finish these lines. Because the AI can filter in a lot of that itself. Desire to unlock creative potential. So this is this is taking that story you just sent me. And it's creating answers to certain questions about somebody who's experiencing this, I see. And so there's certain words, such as paralyzed with doubt and insecurity. And then you can flip this into an offer copy.

[1089:31] Speaker 5: Offer copy, meaning, sort of this is what you're going to get

[1090:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: the headline, the promised outcome, the objections that people might have to it. So this is again, the epiphany bridge, right about a moment that you discover a solution I discovered the solution when I realized that writing could be a tool for personal growth and transformation. So this is the epiphany that people come come to newfound insight to practice self compassion rather than judgmental criticism. Writing enabled me to express difficult emotions. And so this is again a story but it's not copy. So then we ended up taking this expanding it out into a story like you did you actually what you did here in the in the text is actually the on the right track. Then what you do is you convert that into sales copy language. Okay. So then that's where right here is okay, let's come up with some headlines based off of this

[1110:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: how writing transformed my life, take control of your goals. Unlock your inner potential through self compassion and courage through writing.

[1113:32] Speaker 1: Hmm. Okay.

[1114:58] Speaker 4: That doesn't have to be

[1115:12] Speaker 5: the name of the webinar. It just could be the name of the sort of the headline under the name of the

[1116:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: way it would be. It would be sort of like yeah, like a headline, like, what is one powerful outcome from a webinar? Someone would experience and another thing that I'll do is I'll do um, To come up with a name for the webinar, the command that I use often is generate a list of 20, YouTube video titles.

[1122:50] Speaker 5: And then I have the name of my book, which is about journal writing. But I also have the whole thing called write your way to peace, which is, and then on the other pieces cool. I do write your way to pieces, what I call it. And then the other is

[1126:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: these could be like titles for your webinar. Just some examples. Yeah, of how a title would be crafted kind of like, the similar to write your way to peace. It's just another way of saying it.

[1130:12] Speaker 5: You know, and in the chat, they gave me something I asked them about objections, and they said, it wasn't like, exactly right on, but I was right on it. They said overcome doubts and unlock your inner mystic, you know, through right

[1133:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like to do is I like to take the results that it gives me. And I'll take it into another document and I'll remove the ones that don't resonate with me. Right, exactly. And then re filter that back through with the ones that do and it starts to get more and more clear to you want to get to the point where it's an emotional connection when somebody finds your ad. And then they visit your page. You want the person to feel like wow, this is what I've been searching for all this time. Wow.

[1142:41] Speaker 5: Yeah. And what I did, I think I wrote it in the group too, is I took all my I have tons of testimonials. And I took them. I've never been able to describe outcomes very well. And I put them in chat and said, Give me the benefits and the outcome of these. And they enter 20. So I'm going to go back through that. So they're giving me the specific words for things people.

[1148:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did. Do you have the that list somewhere

[1149:31] Speaker 5: of what they said what they wrote,

[1150:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: what the outcomes are? Did you post it in the group?

[1150:46] Speaker 5: No, but because I haven't gone through them to edit. Yeah,

[1151:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a great practice is to do is, is to take what people have said and to filter it through that way. That's great.

[1153:27] Speaker 5: That's what I did. It was it's been incredible. Are you able to send me that Jasper or did you just delete it?

[1155:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. Yeah, I have it. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah. Awesome. This is great. Awesome. Thank you. All right. Anybody else have? I could probably take like one more person maybe even. Yeah. Anybody else go? Going once? Going twice? If you want to just review come up with something. Look at something. All right, Kim, last person. Hey,

[1161:59] Speaker 6: can you hear me? Okay? Yes. Okay, so I'm in the process of getting ready to revamp my copy. And so basically, the gist of it is, money is usually people's biggest hurdle. And I emphasize that more in my copy than I did like on my ads and stuff like that. And I think maybe even more in my copy, I probably need to focus more on I guess starting off with the, you know, you can flip houses without using your own money and without experience kind of stuff. Because that's the biggest thing is like, the anxiety over not knowing what to do and not even weren't really where to begin.

[1173:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a lot there's a whole other layer of anxiety of, if you're using other people's money as how do you approach other people, what do you say? And then you're just dealing with the layers of people's own unbelief, self belief, self doubt, and criticism. So,

[1177:29] Speaker 6: right. But, but I'm also finding that the some of the best feedback I got was that I gave a whole bunch of insight on how to flip a house they'd never heard before. Cool, like, really, it's step by step. Do this, don't do this, look out for this. You know, make sure you do this kind of stuff. So um, I feel like I'm coming. I'm now I'm at a point where like, I can narrow down certain topics. But I almost have to expand on other ones. Like, I guess, I don't know, maybe

[1187:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to be cautious if people are saying, Oh, I really liked that topic. Does that actually contribute to their decision to actually register for you?

[1190:12] Speaker 6: You know, well, from the people that have registered, I think that's what they liked most is, you know, yes. They they've all heard that you can flip houses using other people's money, which is basically loans and lenders and stuff. But what do you do then? Once you get the money, what do you what do you look for? Yeah, and that's, that's what I dive. How do

[1195:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you make sure that you don't have a ballooning interest rate? Right, right. I'm a hard money lender.

[1197:09] Speaker 6: Yeah. It's really hard right now. But yeah, but I don't know. I guess maybe I'm just I'm feeling like,

[1199:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, that's really great. Like just that insight, right. there, I think that that, that'll help you really hone in on. Who are the people that don't know these insights? Mm hmm. Because now you're again, you're going back to your identifying where are they at on their customer journey of knowledge and understanding, if they don't know these insights, you've really pinpointed into somebody who they know they need to use other people's money, but they don't know what to do after they get it, or they don't know how to get it the right way. That's your sort of niche right there that's really asking you questions, and they're willing to make an investment to get answers to things because they know that that investment is going to reap profits for them. Okay. All right. Well, then,

[1211:05] Speaker 6: that's kind of what I was feeling. And I don't know, I guess I'm just I almost feel like a lot of my copy from the last one. And not that it's irrelevant, but I almost don't even need it. Like, I feel like I maybe need to simplify it all.

[1214:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, you will, that 100% happens to people. And so that's where I'm, how do you feel about that?

[1218:27] Speaker 6: I feel like it gets more to the point quicker. Okay. I mean, yeah, I mean, I think my copy before I kind of reiterated things several times. And maybe it's just not necessary to do that. To get right to the point right at the top and then lists what you're going to learn what you, you know, how you'll be before how you be after that kind of stuff. And,

[1223:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, how do you feel about getting getting rid of a lot of that copy? Do you feel any which way about doing that? Does that disappoint you? Does that upset you?

[1226:25] Speaker 6: No. I actually feel like it'd be a lot better. More of a relief. Okay. Yeah.

[1227:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. No, so that's good. So that's, that's where now the stage that you want to go to his test out that hypothesis. Test out what kind of response you'll get by doing that? Was it all cold traffic and people from ads that you had at the first time? Yes. Okay. Cool. So

[1233:28] Speaker 6: I purposely did not post on my personal social media, because I knew I'd get a lot of friends and family. And I wanted a more realistic, okay. Like, feel for how it was really responded to? Yeah. So I was gonna wait for that. But

[1237:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's why again, and Bobby had posted in the group, Bobby munis, like his first time he launched a challenge to make 12 grand the next two times it didn't make any money is because there's a there's a lot of people, their first time that they launch something, there's this big amount of trust that people have in them. And so the sales come out inflated, the first time that you launch something, your realistic scaling numbers, because that's where I that's really, that's where I want to get everybody to in this group. That's like the long term as to where, like, you're not just making, okay, I made 10 grand one month, like, make 20 grand, make 30 grand, make 40 grand, and it's consistent, and you're not in feast or famine, and wondering, where am I going to get my next income from? Right. Right. And so and so what that is, is that's, that's really the work that we're doing in here is identifying how does this become sustainable? What are the what are the pain points? What are the copy? What are the issues that become sustainable to where 12 months from now, I'm still converting sales. And so for instance, just as an example, in my business, I actually showed this. I think I showed this in the landing page. Blueprint one, I show this in the chat GPT one. When I first launched, so a year ago, a year, 14 months ago, I did my first challenge. I did my first multi day virtual event because we had a ton of success doing that. And this was my very first one that I did build and launch your own online course or coaching business three day intensive. And it converted like crazy to sales. I think I spent 1000 bucks and made 12 grand. It was awesome. And what and what did I sell with this? I didn't have all the courses we have now I sold my Facebook ads course, a course on creating your own courses, and building a website. And there was no support that I offered with it. I think I sold it for like 97 or 197 bucks. Wow. So it was a steal at that point. But I had I had made a really good amount of money off of because we got so many sales that came through that first one. So then I was like, Okay, I'm gonna try this again. And it didn't get as many sales it was still profitable. So I tested out another offer, which was sell more paid programs. This was the worst performing campaign that I had all year like nobody purchased off of this. It just it didn't convert. So that's what I I started adding like photos of myself and stuff like that. And it's taken me through in August and September, we identified that really, it's not, I'm not going to be teaching about like, just course creation, but the coaching business. So build your own six figure coaching business, this really converted well. And then we've refined it more and more to launch your six figure group coaching offer, and really refining. Where's that stage that somebody's at that they they come in, and they become a qualified prospect? Who gets results in our program? How can I also exclude an entire group of people that is maybe not going to get the most results. In my initial one, January, 14 months ago, I was attracting a whole group of people, they wanted to create a course and they wanted to just launch it, put it on autopilot and make six figures. Well, so don't want to teach what they had to do. They're like, Oh, I'm not I'm can't do that, I'm not going to do that. I don't want to use social media to get clients. And all this type of like reasons that people didn't come in. And so then I'm like, Okay, I need to help people understand that there's this whole sort of journey that they have to go through of writing their copy doing that. And that's what we've developed over the last 14 months through this program, and through our virtual events, is refining it down, getting it down, getting it down to really the science of what are the best offers that convert that attract the right clients to us. And so like two offers that I'm going to be launching here, at the end of March is one of them is growing your email list step by step. I'm not calling it growing your email list the fun way, because that actually, I didn't think turned the right people on. So it's growing your email list, step by step, this will be a free call, that'll be enough, this isn't Saturday, it's actually Tuesday. And to change that, and then another one is get dream coaching clients with paid advertising, right here, and then I'm going to do one that's all about starting your signature course. And then one about creating like, your lead magnet, and then that will lead to a five day event where I teach about creating your virtual events, and creating a virtual event funnel for your business. And so hopefully, the goal is mid April is that that whole cycle, we'll get a number of people in here. So I'm gonna do four webinars, but I'm gonna, the whole process is automated. I'm at the point now where I have a team that's even running everything for me. So I'm only recording an hour, and it all goes out there and does it. Nice, which is cool. So you all are like, do I have to do five webinars eight a month? No, you don't have to, that's my path that I'm going on to make eight figures is doing that. Like, we've already surpassed multiple, multiple, six figures with our program. And so like, now I gotta get to the next level. And the next level is you just make more offers to people. For most you just need to make an offer that connects with people. Yeah, but it's identifying what are those nuances. And we've I've really identified that by having conversations with people, what people are asking here in our group, who is and finding that unique strategic language of who is our dream client that joins our program? And how do I attract those people? We ended up actually attracting a whole group of the wrong people when I launched this, this offer right here

[1337:01] Speaker 1: that I did yesterday.

[1338:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of the questions that came in the survey questions, they were all super beginner questions. They weren't even people ready to launch an offer yet. And so I thought, okay, if I put this out here, I'm gonna attract the people that are like, they're already coaches. Nope. It was all people that hadn't even come up with their idea for their niche yet, man. So I'm identifying, okay, I know a lot of people are, they start at that stage. And then they end up realizing all the work that's involved. And then they have to realize, okay, I need to build a funnel, and I need to actually go get clients. And so I want to prequalify out all the people that are unwilling to actually do the work. Like, that's not who I want to work with. And you can do it without having to, like, do a whole lot of stuff. I think I teach. One of the simplest ways of doing it. That doesn't take a lot of time, and you can do with a group coaching. But there's still work involved. It's not a just like, there's no work. There's still work involved in launching. And so this is how I want to attract the right people that I can then take to the next level, because I have a vision for even in this conversation that I'm having with you, Kim. I want to find a group of people maybe 20 to 30 that are in the client growth accelerator. That there there are They're running offers, but they need help creating sustainable income, and then scaling to that seven figure level from six figures. And that's what my advice, when I launch a higher level coaching program above this one is only going to be that group. Right. And then this program is the group that's wanting to just get their offer off the ground. And so we end up having stages of value for where people are at on their journey. Right. All right, awesome. Cool. So yeah, so that's kind of my vision for this whole program. And I know, building in that direction, it's, it's not if but when we end up making a million dollars in one month in our business, because I know 100 people buying into a, or 50 people buying into a $20,000 program, that's a million dollars. And so, but a $20,000 program, that better produce an ROI for my group of at least 10 times that y'all should be making at least, like way more than that. So I need y'all to have the ability to even afford that by making some money in this group. And that's what we're getting everybody to so which is awesome. So that's just kind of part of my vision and how I how I look at things. Sylvia, you had one, one last thing you wanted to share? And then we're going to close out here. Yeah,

[1384:32] Speaker 4: very, very quickly. In fact, itself, starting at our own level, where we feel good, first, and then we can go further and further. That's it, isn't it?

[1389:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oftentimes, so that's part of it. Many times, you're not going to feel good about launching. And that's actually part of it. Is, is when you put something out there, you're not going to feel like 100% that this is this is good, right?

[1394:34] Speaker 4: No, I feel I feel good about what I'm going to do. Because I know how to do it.

[1395:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, yeah, you will feel good about it. But there's always going to be, I just I challenge people to here's why I say this, it can become very easy to say, Okay, I'm not going to launch because I don't feel good yet about it. When in fact, it would actually be better for you to I don't say this about everything. But when it comes to like a free offer or putting something out there, whenever I launched my offers, I'll be I'll be straight up with you. I don't feel very good about them half the time when I launched. Like, and I'm working through whatever that is inside me mentally. Like when I launched this, I did not feel very good about launching it. But I knew that I needed to to see the feedback that I got from it. And I learned so much. Now I know I'm not gonna lose any money off of it. I strategically only retargeted it to people who already followed me. So I only spent 500 bucks on the Facebook ads. And we had like 150 people register on 500 bucks, because they had already followed me. So I know I'm gonna make back on that off of that. But I had this idea that I wanted to see how it would pan out. And I wanted to experiment. And I wanted to take the time to see what results that would produce. Now I have a whole week to kind of see what that produces. Do we get no sales? We haven't had anybody register yet off of yesterday, nobody has yet. We have over 30 people on live. The ultimate result is going to be did that produce a sale? If it didn't, then I really have proven more of the model that I've been trying to go after. If it does produce more sales than I expect, then I have to look at okay, what did those people have in common? And this is just me evaluating all of that. But at the end of the day, this is what I want to just encourage. Don't wait until you feel good enough to put something out there.

[1426:18] Speaker 4: Yeah, but sometime we can't feel we can't do it. If we don't feel good. Maybe it's widening the comfort thing. The comfort zone.

[1429:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, widening your comfort zone. Exactly. At the end of the day, though, sometimes you have to launch even when it doesn't feel good. And training yourself that it's okay to take action. Even when things don't feel 100% or you don't feel confident in though. It's

[1433:49] Speaker 4: sorry. Sometimes we don't know how to do it.

[1435:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: True. Yeah. That is the case. Sometimes people we don't know how to do that. That's why I recommend for me what has helped is I read through this week a number of like Ryan holidays books the obstacle is the way is a really good one. The war of Art by Steven Pressfield. Moving forward in the face of resistance, there was a lesson. Sylvia, I'm not sure if you checked it out that we actually have in the members area from a couple of weeks ago in the monthly training archives right here. It was in January, January 30, right here, where I taught about resistance, or I talked about moving forward in the face of resistance that even when it feels like you can't move forward, is that resistance can't when we can't let this resistance, say, Okay, I can't move forward. And that's really one of the biggest areas that we can train ourselves that okay, everything seems to be against me, I don't feel good. But I'm still trusting the process. I'm still putting one foot in front of the other, even though I don't feel like like the whole bottom might fall out underneath me, still moving forward and not waiting until we're ready to move forward. In other parts of life, we can do that in business. And this is this is strategically unique to business. Because I like if I was teaching a group and I was doing therapy, or I was helping people with their mental health and things like that, I wouldn't say this. In business, it's completely different is that your your, your ability to make a profit comes from you actually moving forward in the face of resistance. And so the reason why most people don't make money in business is because they are waiting to feel good to move forward. And most of the people, it's all businesses taking a risk there is and there's no certainty, there's no guarantees. So business requires us to move in the face of uncertainty.

[1472:30] Speaker 4: Unless it's a moment of epiphany when I found my way. You know, what's up? Epiphany, epiphany. You know, it's a moment of epiphany when I forget, yes.

[1476:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. The epiphany moment. I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah.

[1477:11] Speaker 4: Totally. Any moment? Yes. That was it. Yesterday, I felt like

[1478:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. And so you'll have those moments where that happens. And that will happen for you and you'll continue to have moments of that. What I love is I'm sort of I guess you could say it's an addiction. I have an addiction to seeking my next epiphany. But with that, I have to say okay, just because I haven't received the next epiphany yet. I can keep moving forward. Ah, yes. I love I love Seneca brilliant quote, it's not because things are difficult that we do not there. It's because we do not dare that things are difficult. Love that. Yes, yes. Yes, I again, I've been like just poring over wisdom from stoicism. Epictetus, Seneca, Marcus Aurelius, and just helping me because I'm like, it's been really hard to build my business and have a newborn, I did not realize how hard that would be. It's been the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. But I know that there's people that have it harder, that accomplish more. And so I'm just like, What do I need to work through mentally, and a big part of it is just realizing, you know, letting like letting go of attachment has been a big one. And then also just realizing like doing hard things we don't, we need to not avoid it just because it's hard. Because we have to do the very hard thing that we are avoiding, that maybe we have avoided our whole life, and we come face to face to in business brings you face to face to all the hard things that you have been avoiding. And it invites you to no longer avoid those things. And that's really the thing. It's the coaching business, specifically more than any other business model. If you ran, if you run a service based business, you actually don't have to work through a lot of the same things that you do in a coaching business. Because I could sell services all day long. Without having to deal with some of these challenges. Once you move into coaching, you're selling yourself. And so you're dealing with a whole new layer of self esteem, self belief, how people are going to perceive us, how are they going to judge us and all of that, that goes back to our experiences that then okay, that's where our heart is. Our hard is having to move forward, even when we have total self doubt that anything is going to work. Being able to move for word in that sense, and what's gonna what's cool is there's there's, there's an epiphany that happens when you launch. There's a launch epiphany that happens. Every single person in our group has mentioned that as soon as they launched, they almost felt like they changed as a person. As soon as my baby was born, I changed as a person. As soon as I, as soon as I stopped feeling like my world was crashing in because I had to wake up every two hours. And I just more embraced. And I said, I'm grateful for waking up these two hours because I get to do this. And this is my experience. That changed everything for me. And it changed how I looked at things, and how I approach stuff. And so that's again, in business, it's not always going to feel good. It's not always going to feel right, we're not always going to feel ready. But that's actually the moment when to move forward is when we feel that resistance. All right. Awesome. Thanks, everyone, for being here. This has been this has been great. It's kind of funny, a lot of our like, coaching time and training time and teaching times. They're sort of blurring together in different ways. But I'm glad I know that it's helping people because I'm starting to see some of the results. You know, in the beginning, when I launched this program, I was really trying to be really rigid to okay, this is just copywriting time, this is just that. I didn't want to upset people that we were talking about different topics. But I realized like that's, that's actually part of what people need from me is is to not be so like, I don't need to be so rigid and perfect. And all that, like I can color outside the lines. And that's where the value comes from. All right, everybody. Thanks for being here. And I will see y'all on Monday. And then next Tuesday, we have a q&a that we're doing for the whole group that was in the launcher, coaching one, we had 50 People upgrade to the VIP, so I'm really curious to see what comes out of that. 50 people upgraded to the VIP on this one. And so that's that's really the testament to it is on Tuesday, I think it's in the group is for everybody who's upgraded to the VIP, you guys get access to it. Where is it is? 4pm Eastern 3pm Central. Yep. Right there. Here's how I do this. I just go here and I delete. Delete, delete. It's been great though. We've had like this reminder that went out yesterday. Rebecca, who has been working with us has been scheduling these so that's awesome. She has been helping do that she has been helping send out the emails and keep me on track and, and all of that. So it's awesome. Having her in here, Rebecca, Rebecca Berkowitz. That's her. She's amazing. She worked with us for another client that we had for a while and so she's She's incredible. I'm so thankful for her. All right, everybody. See you all next week. And I'll see you guys in the Facebook group as well. Have a good one.

