2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-04-15T21:57:52.000Z
Duration: 87 min
Otter ID: OjPmw5PjH-bQeglDRlTdiD8HSRM
---

[3:30] Speaker 0: Let's start this

[15:03] Speaker 0: all right

[19:28] Speaker 1: Hello, everybody. Welcome Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the bonus.

[22:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Live q&a.

[22:45] Speaker 0: Welcome today

[23:37] Speaker 1: mute everybody here,

[24:27] Speaker 0: huh?

[25:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: The broadcaster isn't wanting to broadcast a little,

[26:47] Speaker 1: kind of stream this out here

[28:02] Speaker 0: try one other thing

[29:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: looks like we're just gonna go into

[30:52] Speaker 1: the main group of the event.

[31:50] Speaker 0: See if this works. Yeah,

[33:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's all we're gonna be able to do today, live q&a, I was trying to push it to all the different subgroups that we had just for this, but they're not letting me do that. So we're just gonna go into this one. Anybody who's got any questions, this is your time, raise your hands.

[39:08] Speaker 2: I'm excited to to continue this going. I'm excited to keep this going. I just got done recording an incredible lesson for our accelerator on less than two of our time optimization playbook course.

[43:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Powerful. So all right, so that's streaming in the group right there. So if anybody has any questions about getting clients in your coaching business, copywriting funnels, ads, anything we've talked about these five days, if you got questions about the accelerator If you got questions about our system and what we do, by the way, it's funny I had somebody make fun of me on social media, they said I wear a hat because I'm bald, does that look bald to you? Like he wears a hat to hide his bald head. I'm like, No, I got a bunch of hair up there. I just don't like to do it. But I'll do it up sometimes. Like if I go to I'm going to church or if it's you know, like my wife's birthday or something. But I think I picked that one up from Rick Pitino that the hat backwards thing. He does that all the time. All right. Anybody got any questions? Let me know. Raise your hand. If nobody's going to ask any questions. We're just going to log off

[61:33] Speaker 1: all right, Kelly D.

[62:10] Speaker 3: Callie,

[62:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Callie, Callie. I was like collies like, like, like collard greens or like so like a rappers name.

[64:32] Speaker 3: worship pastors used to joke I'd walk in and go holy coldly, and no one would forget how to say it. So to tell you, like I was talking to you this Monday, as not saying I can do better than, you know, saying, I've learned from him and what you were doing with him?

[69:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, I feel like I could do better than anybody.

[70:42] Speaker 3: I will receive that. So I'm looking at so I've been through a lot of these different programs like I've been through worship coach, I've been through the inner circle. I've been through other inner circles. I've been through like Christian music industry Academy, like all these different programs for years. So I've looked at okay, so they all have their own niches, but I'm seeing these niches around these niches. Yeah. And one of the things that I'm wondering about is I'm only seeing one of them use apps and I haven't heard you talk about apps yet and I'm like, I wonder why like Rick Pitino didn't create an app for example, like

[79:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's kind Anak, app creation is still a little more complicated than it seems. And we had always talked about making one with him. But at the end of the day, he wanted it to be like, ultra bells and whistles. And all the app creation stuff that we found was very simple. And so it was just, I would say, give it a couple of years, I definitely think the app creation is gonna give you an easier it is actually pretty easy now. But I find that the way that we have it structured still ends up serving people better than a lot of the different app designing software's out there do. There's one that a lot of people like called Passion IO, I've never used it. But I know a lot of people are a big fan of it as far as courses and content creation goes to create an app and, and so they're probably the only one that I've seen, that seems like legitimately worth your time to look at. But you're also limited to by like, by people being on the app, what I like is, if you use a platform, I think epic or one my mom is using she uses is called tribe platform. And she's able to create, it's like a it's like its own sort of social network that people can log into. Now, it's kind of pricey, but things like that are also great ways to connect with people, but part of it is is just prioritizing time versus output. You know, we didn't really see, I haven't seen the massive increase that will come from doing it through an app versus how we we've always done it. So.

[107:02] Speaker 3: Okay, that answers a lot and actually helps a lot. Thank you.

[108:10] Speaker 4: Yeah. Awesome.

[108:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing to look at, which is so interesting as to is like if you look at different niches of coaching and courses and stuff, part of the reason why you might find these, like surrounding niches that other people aren't doing. I used to think well, like, oh, that's opportunity. Sometimes it's because it's actually very hard to sell. Because it's very hard to get people to spend money in that surrounding niche. And so that's why generally like, you could combine an aspect of one of those sub niches, but then bring it over to, if you see a certain niche that somebody has been profitable in, like, if you if you pretty much took the same model of what Rick has of getting your music heard and publishing. Like that's a proven niche that you can make really good money at. Outside of that, though, it's I would say in the worship sense, it's a little bit harder, like, especially if you think about recording, songwriting, administration, all of that, those are harder to sell as a whole. And we found it was really hard with Rick to sell things that didn't have a famous worship leaders name attached to it. And so that was a big factor, too, was his his network of connections that Rick had played a big factor into that for his niche.

[130:47] Speaker 0: So Right.

[131:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Sofia.

[132:31] Speaker 3: Hello, I just want a clarification jet chat GPT for is that only a paid version? Correct. And how much does that cost, you know,

[135:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: $20 a month by upgrading chat CBT to jet chat CBT plus. Or if you get that. So if you get the API, if we explain if like you want to go like real nerdy on it. What do a GPT for is, it's an it's just an algorithm. Chat GPT has an interface to use the algorithm. And so they give you for $20 a month, you get 25 GPT for messages every three hours. So you're actually capped by how many times you can actually send messages to GPT for. And so after you send 25, which I rarely hit that cap, you'd be surprised how hard it is to actually hit it when you're using it. But it's usually it's a rotating three hours, which is cool. So like, I'll hit it, but then it'll say your three hours resets in 10 minutes. And I'm gonna get 25 more messages. So it's worth it. The but what what you can do in my favorite way to use it. It's way more expensive. But as I joined the API waitlist and actually got the API access. So I pay per credit, through this back end API version, and it gives me a lot more text that I can output. But it also costs a heck of a lot more like if we're looking at my usage right here. Just in April. I've spent $100 worth of credits close to 1010 five to $10 a day Hey in credits right here. So the API version, you can run through playground right here, that's paid by your usage. This, they don't charge you for usage, but they do cap your usage. And the reason why is on the back end of these algorithms, there are massive computer servers with graphics cards that are running that actually have to process this AI info. And it's quite expensive for these companies to run. Now, there now there are some competitive aspects of this that are coming out, like Amazon just announced that they are getting into this game. And they've historically always been wanting to undercut price around technology and things like that. And so what we're what we're looking at is we're at a stage with these generative AI is that GPT four currently is the if you would think about back in the 1980s, when the computers came out, you had the IBM you had the Macintosh you had the compact GPT for is like the ultimate big daddy, IBM version that's like more powerful than everything else. And then there's others that are a little bit weaker, that they still do the same type of a thing. However, I promise you give it like in in sit within even six months, GPT, four may be irrelevant. And there might be a better algorithm than GPT, four and six months. They plan on they've already said that GPT five is going to take till the fall to actually train the algorithm. And that's when they would want to release that out. So it's an algorithm that you get access to that's why again, GPT 3.5 is much faster. It's unlimited in chat GPT. And if you have GPT plus, it's it's, it's very quick, it's very unlimited GPT for it still has this limitation, you can also pay for it with the app called tow.com. And they give you access to a couple of different algorithms they got clothed from anthropic AI, which is another algorithm. Amazon's partnering with anthropic to use their engine, and they essentially do the similar type of stuff. But GPT, four is still superior. The way that po works is they give you 300 messages a month, for $20. So you get a total of 300 messages a month, that way. And then if you go and get on the API waitlist that gives you access to sort of behind the scenes straight at the source. And you could actually build apps using this if you connect with a programmer and they can they can create entire applications with your name on it with the API. I just use it for this playground version. Because it's it's it is superior to chat GPT to do a lot of what I do and what we do, but you can do the same stuff that this does in chat. GPT. But yes, GPT four

[208:32] Speaker 1: is superior.

[209:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: In so many ways to that, in fact, ob a you're on here real quick. And you come up real quick. From what I explained, is there like a simpler way that you could explain kind of why GPT four is better than 3.5? No, not really. Okay. I know what techy background we know, you know that stuff. Yeah.

[216:23] Speaker 3: When it when it says you get 300 questions per month. Does that mean? Every time you update the prompt that counts as another question? It does. Okay. Yeah. Well, let me tell you, I was invited to be the last minute guest speaker on a summit and I use chat GPT for my talking points. I got them in a minute. And I did great. So it was the free version.

[223:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: But let's quantify this out, you only get 300 with po for $20. And I have it as a backup for me. I'm probably going to cancel it since I use the playground. I haven't been using it anymore, since I got the API access, but it's a backup for when my three hours is up. However, if you calculate you technically have almost 6000 messages with GBT plus, because 25 messages every three hours adds up to 6000 in

[229:35] Speaker 3: a month. So

[229:52] Speaker 1: that's a bargain. Awesome. Yeah.

[230:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. All right. Hey, I see somebody else who's on here to Duke Can you come up here real quick, since nobody else has their hand raised? While Duke is up here. If anybody has any questions, just raise your hand. I'd love to answer your question. Do Hello. Hey, how are you? Is your camera work?

[236:05] Speaker 5: Can you hear me? Yeah,

[236:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hear you. Yeah, I'm

[237:03] Speaker 5: sorry. My camera is off because right now is 3am in the morning.

[238:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no worries. So tell me where you're from and just kind of a short brief Little what it's been like working with the accelerator.

[241:02] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[241:24] Speaker 5: Hello everyone in the VIP. I am. I'm doing. I'm coming from Vietnam. And I'm Joy I'm joining. I enjoy the client. The client grow as accelerator. Jeremiah, I remember two months ago, right? Two months ago. Yeah. So my niche is coaching people fall for an AMA energy coach, I'm owning I'm running a energy healing clinic right now. And I, I

[253:38] Speaker 1: saw,

[253:57] Speaker 5: I saw there Maya in some group in the I remember about the some on the not on the nozzle ads, and sauce, Joe, pass on some group, some Facebook group, and I follow you and from that I attending your free event, then I upgrade to V VIP. Then I'm joining your coach, your coaching group or the group coaching program,

[261:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: in what happened when you launched your offer? And what kind of results have you gotten since being in there? Yeah,

[263:03] Speaker 5: I have to, I have to say I am in this industry for for few years of our three or five years. And I admit that I do not have a reliable system to run my business. So that's why I barely I barely make, you know, cheers just barely make more than five 5000 per months. But when I'm joining Zara Maya and apply his system, instantly my first loans were, were 1515 grams ran instantly for the first launch. And I have to admit that I'm very busy. Because I'm healing I have a lot of client to hear. So coaching I do it only on the side business and part time. So I have to admit that I learned from Jeremiah with a little bit. So a lot of the system a lot of things that were missing on the first one, but Stephen got pretty good damn results. I have to admit that so awesome. Thank you. Thank you very much, Jeremiah. So that's why I have to wake up at 3am to tell everyone all about this. From my heart. No,

[285:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I appreciate it. I love your posts and everything too. He's in the group interacting with everybody. Yes, you might have I show them your photo real quick. Just off

[289:15] Speaker 5: yes, Sophie has Oh,

[289:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Here here's there's him right here.

[290:29] Speaker 5: You can you can you can connect my Facebook. Because right now I'm not have a computer. So this why is this my this

[292:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: is your event that you did right here?

[293:44] Speaker 5: Yeah, this is a Vietnamese Vietnamese language. So you guys couldn't understand about that. But it's name name of the free event a change or NOC change your life. Three, three day three day events. And I got seven to 800 people register, man. And a lot of mistakes on the first one for example. Like when I opened in zoom, my zoom, we only limited for 100 people. A lot of people zoning and they got the ALA thing for limited. So that's why I have a lot of problem when I run in the first launch. But yeah, it's the run to the end. Yeah. Luckily the gods say me and yes, the in gotten very good results. Awesome. Thank you. Yes. Thanks

[308:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: for being on here. Appreciate it. All right. Dr. Denise Shannon.

[310:43] Speaker 1: Hello. Hello. How are you today? Hey, okay. How are you? I'm talking to good actually.

[312:49] Speaker 0: Better and better. Thank you.

[314:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm feeling real good day. So this is

[315:50] Speaker 1: a blessing to feel better and better. Amen. So listen, this is kind of a follow up when the other lady's question when you were explaining the difference with GPT four and you talked about instead of an API I only partially followed you. And I also see in the chat that someone asks, you know, what, what is an API? And whatever? How can you kind of? Yeah, yeah. How that all relates? Like, what's the difference in operating within, for and the instant you can do?

[325:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So again, the free one uses the GPT 3.5 engine, which is, it's about a year old. It's just not, it doesn't have as much data that it's trained on. So it struggles with a lot of complex reasoning and things like that. And what that translates to is, when you're creating your marketing info, it's GPT. 3.4 is going to be sort of one one dimensional is how I would describe it. Whereas GPT four is this very more multi dimensional way of explaining things that we could get GPT 3.5, to give us the same outputs, but it took a number of iterations to do, I would ask it, okay, explain this, dive deeper into the emotion behind this, now bring that back into this GPT four is doing all of that, without us even having to prompt it to, and is way more accurate. And so it takes less, it's just, it's more of a time optimization thing. And I, I definitely trust the outputs from GPT for as a copywriter and a marketer way better than 3.5. Now, they're not perfect. That's why the prompts that I put in that document will help you dial it in, you're still going to dial it in with a few different ones tell it to write it like for instance, one of my favorite prompts that just makes your copy and any writing better. Write it in a conversational and informal tone. When you tell it to do that, it doesn't sound like GPT language, it sounds like a person actually said it. And so that's one of my things is I always have it, do it in that tone. And that helps. It also does a great job of writing Facebook ads for us. I love how well it does that. But if we're talking about the API, what is that? It? Let's look at the I guess I don't know the definition of API that will let me see it's a set of functions and procedures used to develop a software application. So like, obviously, none of us need to worry about that. developing software applications. But it gives you when you get on the API waitlist, they give you access to this playground mode with GPT. For that is it gives you 8000 tokens as far as how many the length of tax, which 8000 tokens is about 16,000 characters. So you can put like entire hour long transcripts into into GPT. For here,

[365:18] Speaker 1: it doesn't cut off,

[365:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: it does cut that you do have to cut them off. But for instance, with chat GPT, I'd have to cut it off four or five times, I'll have to do it twice with the playground mode. So again, it also lets you adjust the frequency and presence, which if we're explaining what this is, presence is more about its ability, it increases the likelihood to talk about different topics. And then this one, it decreases its likelihood to repeat the same line. So sometimes I will actually remove the frequency, I'll bring that to zero. And then this is the length of output depending on how many tokens you want to use. But they charge you per token to actually use it. So that's why you're only going to pay $20 a month to use chat GPT with GPT. Plus, you have to pay per usage to use it in here. And it'll actually it gets a lot more expensive than this version. If you're doing that. I'm trying to train myself to do a lot of the work in here. So that I don't have to pay extra for it to then come over here because it can, it can definitely balloon your bill a lot higher using the API mode.

[382:55] Speaker 1: Okay, so if you're in the regular check GPT that you're paying the $20 for. Did you say earlier that there was a limit that you know, the every three hours? And is that where the every three hours comes into play?

[387:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's just for GPT. Four is 25 messages every three hours. It's capped. Okay. 3.5 isn't capped at all, though. It's unlimited.

[390:20] Speaker 1: Okay, so in GPT, four in the regular GPT 25 messages every three hours. But that has nothing to do with quote unquote, tokens, the tokens come into play when you're in the playground.

[393:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, with the API. Yeah, there's no token spent on this.

[394:54] Speaker 1: Okay. And so what's the advantage of you being in the playground using the API? Over being in the regular championship,

[396:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can use much longer text. And I have more control over the lines like I can actually delete a prompt halfway through it. And it gives me more control and more flexible ability. Okay, you can do all the same things over here, but it just gives more control over because you got the system over here. So the system prompt I can actually take, please don't think that like you need to now have access to this to be able to do anything that I taught. I mean, that's just be alright, Billy, I can just do things faster. Okay, I can just do stuff a lot faster. Like if I take this expert copywriting prompt right here.

[408:40] Speaker 0: It's kind of long, then you,

[409:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is in your prompt. Oh, yeah. But I take this and I put it into the system right here. So every prompt that I do runs through this as its as its baseline.

[412:03] Speaker 2: And so I'm actually able to train the the output based on whatever's over here. You don't have that over here, but it doesn't matter too much. You just get more lookback. It's more powerful, but it's not powerful enough that you need to worry about not having it because it's the same GPT four algorithm that you get with chat GPT

[417:10] Speaker 1: Okay, so So then does it make sense to start in the regular, I'm going to call it portal for JpT for get get used to that, see what happens? Oh, 100% Yeah, yeah. And then you know, when you want to graduate to the next grade, so you might not

[421:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: even have to, though that's, that's the thing most, for most of the stuff that I taught, you don't really have to.

[423:30] Speaker 2: So well, you might do this, and I say write a sales letter in a conversational informal tone for a webinar about the above. So I have a blog post that I had GPT for, generate me right here, how to de stress and recharged with fun activities. So it's now going to be able to actually write sort of a sales letter for that as if I was running a webinar on that topic. This is a way that I come up with ideas for how to express something in marketing language. Do you ever feel like stress is taking over your life? You're not alone in a fast paced world, we're always juggling work and relationships? What if I told you there's a way to recharge and still have fun? While still having fun? You read that right? How did the stress and recharge with fun activities discover the real impact of stress and your physical health. So like if I was a coach on that topic,

[435:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I would, I could use this to help me generate sales letters and stuff like this, we generated this sales letter. For my mom using, using GPT, four, I edited maybe 10% of it, this was almost directly the output from GPT. Four with one. Wow, which is on this, this here. And I utilize that that expert sales letter writing, I utilize that in the system over here, this really long one. To do that it helped it write the sales letter way better by taking into account all these different topics and stuff like this. I have a whole training in the in the accelerator that's about how I actually put those prompts together, it would take me almost two to three hours to really explain to you how that works. Would

[449:36] Speaker 1: you ever train on that? Right? And yesterday, you said that when it comes to detection as to whether or not it's machine language versus human language that that only that's only relevant if it's a black could work.

[453:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or if you're submitting it to like, as an academic paper, if you're claiming that you wrote it originally. And that matters to people, honestly, in this industry, that doesn't matter so much as how can I just get to the end result to help somebody as quick as possible. I really am not a big fan of this intellectual belief that like, we have to only be human writers that write things, we can't use tools and that our value comes from our ability to articulate things. I think that that is is is a is a gatekeeping perspective in the coaching and education industry that I just don't subscribe to.

[465:00] Speaker 1: So okay, well, actually, I was asking about it, because I was listening to a YouTuber, and then discussion about GPT. And they talked about the fact that it's up in the air as to whether or not Google will like or dislike the fact that text

[470:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Google actually came out. Google came out and said, if the quality of the output is good, they don't care if it's aI generated or not. They just came out and said that about a month ago. Oh, did that. Okay. Yeah. If the if the actual quality of the material is good, if it's aI generated or not, doesn't matter to them. So their rating, the quality of the output, whether an ad is helpful to the reader, yeah, whether or not it's relevant and is better than something else. And they have their own algorithm. That's basically that's how Google is now starting to work is they're running algorithms on all the way and ranking everybody's content against their, their own language algorithm to see who has the better version of explaining something. But in the coaching and mentoring industry besides a blog, and SEO driven blog posts that I liked the concept of blogging. I saw an article though the other day and I saw Oh, no, it was on Tik Tok, blogging, and the idea of content creation is going to be disappearing and be almost irrelevant in the next probably six months. Yeah, and I actually believe it, because now you have aI engines that will give you a better output than a blogger will. And so what, what replaces that is video content becomes more relevant if people are connecting with you over video content? Because why would I go search for five blogs when I can get an AI to give me a better answer? And that's, that's where the content creation world is gonna be changing in the next in the next six to 12 months is that.

[496:22] Speaker 1: So what bloggers then do putting more videos on their blog versus text? As we don't

[497:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: know. But I know that that the method that we teach of using virtual events to get people to sign up with you to join your email list to connect with potential clients is the best way to get clients in the coaching business. The blogging way of doing it was really relevant 1012 years ago, in some niches, it works. I don't teach a lot on blogging or SEO type stuff. We don't get a lot of our clients at all from just Google ranking or a Google search or people finding it on Google. It's almost all Facebook ads, Instagram ads, tick tock.

[507:12] Speaker 1: Right. Is this going to be in the portal? This? Is this session? Also going to be in the portal? Yes. Okay, good. Thank you. All right. Pam Schmidt Hey, there,

[510:57] Speaker 6: I am not in a place where I can show my face. So I'm sorry. But I have a question. In terms of what I've seen you do, you gave us the one day session and invited us into the five day session, which eventually you've invited us into your full course? How do you determine whether you just need one session to invite people into the big thing, or if you need to, you know, to stepping stones or whatever.

[520:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Mm hmm. That comes by testing. But it usually has to do with your your price point. If your price point is like ours is 2000 a year, it takes more more sessions to do that, if you're under $1,000, you could probably do three sessions, or even a single session. The other side of it that determines is just your actual ability to close sales. And so that comes by actually trial and error and knowing what are the right hooks that convert people to clients, what moves people along that path. So we closed we closed a number of people last month, I just did a single session, three hour called Launch your six figure group coaching business, we got 2020 coaching clients off of a single session, which is awesome. So that validates to me that I'm that I can also do a single session, and close sales the same way that I do on a multisession. I do find though, that by doing a multisession helps me find just who's a good fit to work with us. Um, it's less of like, how do you determine which is which. And more of if your price point is higher, it takes more interactions with somebody to build that trust. And currently, right now, multi session, virtual events that have three sessions, four sessions, five sessions, do a really good job of doing that. And they're very forgiving. If you're, if you don't have your sales pitch dialed in, this is a big part of why multi day events are so effective for beginners. Because Because if somebody sits with you for five days, even if you basically blew it the whole time, the people who sit with you for five days, they're able to kind of overlook some of those things, you know, they're able to like they're able to see the gold that's underneath the surface at that level. And so when somebody makes an investment to spend time with you, especially as a coach as a mentor, and as a trainer, I'm looking for people that are not wanting to just come into my coaching program for a month and then leave I want people that want to spend time with us grow and work on their not just their first launch that they do, but their second and their third and their fourth and we can look at their results and we can analyze those and we can say okay, here's what you need to improve and help that person grow as a whole. So My purpose is, how can I interact with somebody to the point that I'm able to make a deeper connection with people, you're able to connect and build trust, the more time you spend with people? I do like in this back to and not everybody likes these, but the, the old? Why do they have you in a room, like for five hours for a timeshare presentation is usually if somebody's in the room for that long. Now the difference is none of you are locked in a room here with me leave after the first session if you want. But the idea is that people that stick through it, they have the consistency, they have the connectivity with you. And they've shown not all of them, not everybody, but a small portion of them show and demonstrate that, okay, they connect enough that that going to your next step is the most logical thing. And I know that the people that I'm talking to, on like the last day of the event that they're not going to, they got so much value already that when I make a pitch or mentioned something, that it feels very organic and natural, so I don't have to hard sell. At that point. The advantage of doing a longer stint is that you is that you don't have to hard sell at all, basically. Very good. I thank you very much. That's why I find it I find it to be really cool. I think that's the biggest factors as you you don't have to do the hard sell when you do like a longer thing, because whoever actually hears the pitch has probably already bought in at some level anyways. Very good. All right. Thanks, Elizabeth wells. I just wanted to pull you up here, Elizabeth.

[589:38] Speaker 1: Hey, hold on. I'll come

[590:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: on screen. All right. Elizabeth. Elizabeth is in our, our accelerator. And, and you jumped in? And listen, you told me it was kind of a stretch for you to jump in initially. But what's it been like?

[593:39] Speaker 7: It's a stretch to the program. It's critical things in my life. I gotta say. I had a hurdle I began. You know, I've been doing my work for a long time. And I have a lot of testimonials and all that. But I, I've had a program I've wanted to build for I'm telling you 2030 years. And but I didn't have the infrastructure. I'm not a tech person. I'm still spending, I could spend 50 hours trying to do a landing page. This is namely, I'm not exaggerating.

[602:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, I know,

[602:19] Speaker 7: I get it. There's several things about this. And I'm here today also, because when he does this thing, he invites us but not just to talk because you're asking questions, and I'm taking notes. Like I'm like, what's an API? You know, so I'm learning. And I love that you open this for us as well. First of all the support, you know, I was relying on friends, hey, what do you think of this? What do you want in the industry, it's not going to work. So there's a support built in here. The second is, like I said, the infrastructure and the foundation. So for example, I'm going to give you an example. I have all these say I have 10 people, clients, and each one they talk about benefits, like you got to have the story, the features, the benefits, it's all confusing in my brain. I'm a creator, I'm an artist, I'm a healer.

[614:58] Speaker 3: So

[615:38] Speaker 0: you know, people go

[615:52] Speaker 7: benefits. And I'd be like, I've known I've no idea what to say because this one gets this one. And this one gets because the personal application of what I do was so individualized. But through this through working with Jeremiah through the chat through the support through and I'm still spending hours and hours trying to figure this out. I am starting to get I was dreaming about it last night is the crazy that I woke up and something gelled. And I went, Oh, I know what I'm going to put on my landing page here.

[622:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's so good. Yeah. So that's why that's why to like you get more by like, the more that you stay plugged in like the first month, the second month, the third month. That's why having people in this environment long term is so is so helpful.

[626:46] Speaker 7: And the two more things is I'm not a person who likes watch. And Jeremiah's said this, I don't like watching videos that have already been done. I like live like a watch these 18 30,000 videos like now, I'm actually doing it. I'm like, oh, okay, well, I'll just put this one on. And I'll watch half of it. And it's making sense. And the repetition is helping me. thing I'll say is, I don't know if I should say this. I've looked at other I've never done business coaching before. And I also liked that Jeremiah is so transparent about his life, you know? So that's really sweet. I've never done business coaching before and that's like, oh, gosh, and part of that is because of the expense that I've looked at programs are 15,000 for the year 25,000 For the year and I'm like and I'm gonna cry now, but he it's still a stretch for me in terms of what I'm going through personally, but I, I'm kind of like I'm in awe at the price of the program, Jeremiah, like, for all that to get? Yeah. Yeah. And it's almost too much for me. Like, wait, wait, I can't get to that. Because we have I don't know, what is it? We did a day where he's he's plugging our copy in and helping us write or copy. So I'm sorry, I'm going on and on.

[646:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. And people don't have to go through all the training and all that it's kind of like a buffet that you can take as much as you want go at your pace, I have found that, that we can help people at different whether you like, like do keep, we put it all together like 15 days and launched, you know, or you want to take a few months and put it together stuff like that. It'll support you in that. And I think the price point is priced that it is affordable enough. It's expensive enough to make sure that not just anybody joins, but it's affordable enough that I think that if you want to take a few months to put it together that that you can take that time, and it's not it's not that major of like, oh, gosh, I'm not sure if I can do this. So.

[658:08] Speaker 7: And the other thing is, and I was one of those people, I mean, I got 28 days, I wrote Jeremiah and said I might get out of this. And then I thought I will be left with no support again for 20 more years, and I can't do that. And in the back end, I was just literally what you're here. I'm in the back end. I'm on the private site. Steven and I are like talking about stuff joking about stuff, giving each other feedback and other guy in the program. So it's just real sweet. Anyway. Yeah.

[664:56] Speaker 2: Yeah. There's great people to connect with and network in there. I love to just everybody, the little like the networking aspect of connecting with all the people that are in there, which is awesome. Yeah. All right. Janet green. Thanks, Elizabeth. Hey, guys.

[669:42] Speaker 3: Hey, Gemma. Thank you again.

[670:16] Speaker 1: Just one quick question. When you do if you already have the chat, g be cheap. At 3.5. Your upgrade to the four? Do you keep access to the information that you've already pulled down on the first version?

[674:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Yeah, they keep it up. They keep it in the history there. Yes. Okay, cool. All right. Awesome. Oh, yeah, I saw I saw a question come in here at the top, spoke spoke. Hi, can you I want to just ask you to give me a little more context, when you say what drives you so much? I didn't want to answer this for you. Are you on here?

[681:30] Speaker 4: Yes. Hi, good day.

[682:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you what particularly do you mean by that? Well,

[683:20] Speaker 4: we have a lot of energy. And you just keep going every day. And one of the things that may be picked up, there's loads of value of loads and loads of tips. But there's a certain level, that level of level of energy that you possess, and that you are able to transmit. And

[689:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's, I truly believe in what I talked about. And I truly believe that it helps people. And if I can help hundreds 1000s of people be successful in this. That fulfills my purpose.

[693:30] Speaker 4: That's a brilliant answer. But I think my question is, how did you get to that level? How? Maybe this question is more specific? How can I develop what you have?

[696:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, one thing is, I definitely think it's more caught than taught, I spent time around mentors, I did grow up, I would say, you know, if we talked about like, turning your limitations and weaknesses into strengths is a little bit of OCD. And so like, I brought that into as a strength in business, that I get a little obsessive, when it comes to what I do, and when I get my an idea on something, but I'm also willing to pivot and move and change directions quickly. But I know, I so strongly believe in where I'm going, because of the time that I've spent around other multimillionaires and coaches and people that I've helped build their business to making 10 $20 million a year. And so part of my drive is I'm like, I'm not personally making $10 million a year right now. But I know that I can, it's not a question of if it's a question of when. And so that really sort of motivates me to kind of go after a goal that I know is possible for me. And I'm not naturally like my personality is not naturally the person who makes that kind of money in this industry. I've had to train certain behaviors. I've had to retrain my brain and how I look at things as all the stuff that I share with you about like, not worrying what people thinking all the mindset stuff that I share comes from, these are the lessons that I had to learn that until I shifted into those places, I struggled, one of the biggest ones is that we get told in our life, all these things that we should do. And I think that every time we say, well, I should be doing this, and it actually limits us from actually experiencing what we're called to do. Because we're, we're attached to this feeling of, well, I should be doing this, but I'm not and it makes it an excuse. And it makes a reason why we can't. So what I've done is eliminated the word should from my life, and I look at what do I want to do? And then how can I move stuff from the should category to the want category? And then I start to say, Okay, what do I want out of life, and I go after it, and I have a vision for where I'm going. And then I have a support team around me, that helps me, my, my wife, my mom, my therapist, our staff that work with us, was and I say my mom, she it's funny, she, she has been a coach in this industry for so long. So I tell her, I say okay, Mom, I'm calling you for a coaching call real quick, 10 minutes, got something, and she'll give me like, like a, like a $20,000 answer in five minutes, to something that helps catapult me to the next level in my business. So she's kind of like my coach that I have access to, in that sense. You know, I work with a therapist every every other week, we meet together and work on mental health issues and triggers I've already seen out of doing the last five days and then the four events before that there's one recurring emotional trigger that keeps coming up for me, that I'm going to be addressing with my therapist on Monday. Because I know that if I can actually grow in that area that kept recurring during the last two weeks, it's going to take my business to the next level. And so really, it's about being intentional about the life you want to live, and then setting your life up to support it, rather than fighting against all the things that you want. And a big way to set your life up to support it is to get around a group of people that can that can help you support you hold you accountable and guide you. So

[755:29] Speaker 4: thank you for taking the time to your question and answer it in so much depth. Yeah, I've really got so much value from the last five days. And yeah, I've got I've taken away so much from the energies. Well, I think that's that's important to say that as well. So thank you again.

[760:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's a big reason why to you know, if anybody's thinking about joining the accelerator, you got 30 days to try it out. So if you jump in, and I'm telling you,

[763:35] Speaker 1: if you write me, like

[764:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you're like, hey, it's not for me, you get a refund on the on what you paid, you don't pay any more, you don't have a nother charge or anything that goes through, it's just very clean, very simple, very easy, because I want it to be to where you can try it out. I do want people to make a commitment, but you'll know within 30 days if it's a good fit for you. And really, if it's not within that 30 days, I'm like not that you're I want to frame this, I don't think people are like a bad person, I just don't think that they're gonna get the best result from me, they might from another coach. So when I say I'm trying to repel people that aren't a good fit, it's not because I think ill of them. Unless they're really nasty and negative. There's like a small one to 2% that I'm like, Okay, I not going to deal with their toxicity. But the for everybody else, it's like you, if you're not a good fit for the program, or you're not resonating with it, that's totally okay, stay plugged into the podcast, stay plugged into our videos, and maybe it'll actually help you find a coach that is a better fit for you. Because now you know what to look for. So I would love to even I found that we've been that for some people, they come and coach with me and they're like, I don't like Jeremiah style. But I like him as a person. But I would rather coach with this coach over here for their style. And they actually discovered what type of coaching they want to do, just by kind of being in that space, which is really cool. So I'm learning to be way more accepting of of everybody. This week, I just, I feel that in my spirit, I feel like like, not all of us have to agree or do the same things. I mean, I guarantee you, the people we have in our program come from both entire ends of the spectrum politically, if we were all to talk, we wouldn't agree. But like we can come together by what's our common goal, to reach people with our coaching group to reach people with our message to reach people with what's the transformation that we can bring into people's lives and so it's absolutely such a great environment. I'm excited for those that do jump in. We've already had a couple people jump in and so and they were people that I was like, I hoped they jumped in. That's so cool. I got a number of people that I'm like, I hope they do. Because I can see they're so close to having success. I'm also super shocked by some people who who don't jump into our program. I'm like, okay, you know, just wasn't a good time for them. That's fine. And then I'm also amazed by some of the people who do jump in, and I'm like, wow, like, I didn't think they were going to, and they just, they just crush it. And so it's all it's always kind of fun for me to see who ends up jumping in and becoming a client and, and that if you're wondering like, how do you tailor your message for your zoom event? That's part of the analysis side, as you look at who took action at the end? And then you take a look at, okay, the ones who didn't join, what question that they asked, let's pivot our message just slightly towards the ones that actually did take action. Because then we don't have to waste time trying to reach a certain group of people that's not going to join with us. About 90% of the people who sign up for virtual events that I do, don't ever do anything with us in our accelerator. And that's fine. But I'm honing in more and more on who are the ones that 10% That does join and then they stay and what and how do I get found? How do I find more of them? How do I find more of the Elizabeth's How do I find more of a how do I find more? Do people out there that are that are ready to go take action they're willing to learn and they're willing to do the process. And so do you also think that some quit CGA ASAP, but

[825:59] Speaker 1: they don't? I don't know. I don't know. Um,

[827:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, Janet. Janet. No, it's RPE. Hamilton stops.

[830:05] Speaker 0: Thank you. Very, I want to stay connected. I'm not sure I'll be able to join now. Timing. But there's a lot of great information here. I wanted to ask you about the Facebook groups, because I have one. But I I want to create one like you were like you're doing for the marketing. And I can't come up with a name that I think would be good. So how would I use AI?

[838:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's a great, that's a really good question. I love that question. Because really, that ties into what do you how do you come up with a name for your virtual event? How do you come up with a name for your courses, all of that GPT 3.5 is not very good at this GPT four is way better. GPT. Four is helped me name all of our courses and events for the last month since it came out. So what you do is you just you kind of dump in there, what your topic is that you talk about. And one thing that I've actually looked up on my on my computer is I look up. So on Windows, voice to text, you can you can set up dictation where you can actually talk to the computer. There's also a chat CPT voice to text a plugin for Chrome that you can install that allows you to voice control and press the microphone button. So I found that that's helpful. If you use it through Chrome or Safari on your iPhone or Android. You also have the little the little microphone right there. So I find myself often I'll go for a walk. And I'll pull up GPT for and I will just turn on the microphone, and have it dictate the words that I'm saying, See, right now it's dictating it because I turned that microphone on. And so it does that. And I can sort of just talk my thoughts into the end of the prompt, and then tell it at the end of trying to like to explain what you want the group to be Who do you want it for? what the goals are? I'll ask it. Okay, generate me a name for a Facebook group, based on what I just talked about, that points to the desired dream outcome that people are going to get from it. Okay, and so, like from there, it's actually from what I just dictated here, it's going to try to come up with an outcome. It's like it says like, Okay, you could do the dream chasers Facebook group. It's funny because that's what it just pulled up from what I said here, but you can tell chat, GBT you can dictate into it, what the goal is with that group and then ask it come up with a name for this or okay. If it doesn't understand it doesn't sound very good. If it's like for the Facebook group. Sometimes I'll do come up with a name for a website, come up with a name for a course, generate a name for some YouTube video titles. Generate a name for a seminar that people can join generate a name for a business that does XYZ. So these are all different variations of having it generate names for different things. And then you can borrow that sort of output and use it for the name for your, your website for your courses, or for your Facebook group. Oftentimes, I come up with the name for our virtual events by telling it to generate SEO friendly YouTube video titles. And then because the way that a good YouTube video title is designed, is the same type of text that we call our virtual events on Zoom. And so then I'll take that, and I'll maybe pull like a few lines of it. So if it says like, here's a good YouTube video title, how to get clients and grow your coaching business with Zoom events using the internet, I'll just pull that line, grow your group coaching business with Zoom events, and then that became the name of our event from there. But it can help you do that by simply just asking it take some of these ideas that I come up with, and then come up with a name for our Facebook groups. Like if you were to explain to me right now, if we were even to just just take this.

[895:32] Speaker 0: And

[896:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: if I'm if I'm recording what you're saying. Tell me a little bit about what you want the Facebook group to to be for and to be about what what, what's the topic that you want to make this for

[899:31] Speaker 0: wanting to be for people who want to sleep better?

[900:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, using natural methods.

[901:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you want it for people who want to sleep better using natural methods. Okay. I want to create so let's pull this up in the chat GBT. I want to create a Facebook group community or an online web forum. And actually, I might take a step backwards and do this. Generate me 20 possible names for a Facebook group, community or online forum

[912:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason I'm doing this there we go. Global chit chat cafe. Okay, perfect. So what we're feeding it is is kind of an idea of what you're trying to build. And then we're gonna say you said I want to create a community for people who want to use natural methods that sleep better to help them sleep better.

[919:57] Speaker 1: And you

[921:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate me a list of 20 creative names for that community so that the members can identify with the slumber sanctuary dreaming naturals havens, serene sleep society, tranquil dreamers domain, soothing snooze solutions, organic dream catchers, peaceful sleep seekers. So this can help you kind of come up with a name for your community off or something like that.

[930:02] Speaker 0: Oh, cool. Yeah, it was. Thanks.

[931:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Nobody else has their hand raised. So is there anybody else who's got a question to ask?

[934:46] Speaker 0: I would like to ask the second question. On on YouTube. I've been using something called to buddy to help me generate my titles. It looks like I could replace that with chat GP T four. If they were to buddy.

[939:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I'm not. But I would bet.

[941:09] Speaker 1: I would bet that they are

[941:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably utilizing GPT for some of their outputs. Because because the GPT three engine has been available for over three years. So a lot of people don't realize that that it's actually been available for companies to us for three years. And so I don't know if they're using GPT three, but there's a lot of apps out there that have used AI for a long time. So

[950:48] Speaker 0: all right.

[951:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: JC Smith.

[952:02] Speaker 0: Hi, guys. Hey.

[952:35] Speaker 6: All right. So you guys know my story. My husband just suddenly died last year, a few months ago. And so thank you, it's it's been a struggle and I'm normally extremely aggressive human. But I just I want to know what's realistic, Jeremy about creating some content and and launching a timeline. That's the biggest thing for me. I just can't get wrapped up in something that's going to take months and months and months to to be realistic. And that's where I'm struggling is can that can I do this? I've already have a bunch of topics. I already know what I teach my clients, I just want to go from doing a lot of one on ones down to doing some groups that would free up my time.

[965:34] Speaker 0: Okay.

[966:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you currently? Are you currently making six figures with your coaching right now? No. Okay. Um,

[969:05] Speaker 2: it's really impossible to give a quote unquote, realistic timeline, because it's different for everybody. You know, Duke, he, he hit six figures in 30 days, some people are in their building, creating for six months, because their, that's their ability to actually apply the information. And so that really depends more on

[976:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: your ability to apply it. But I would say this, that if you don't have months, to grow a business, I'm not understanding why you're in business. So

[978:53] Speaker 6: I don't understand your point.

[979:41] Speaker 1: Because, you know,

[980:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: a business is like a long term thing that you do. And

[981:49] Speaker 6: you Alright, listen, listen, I've been in business for 40 years, I understand business inside now. I'm changing how I want to do business. Okay. I want to make my business more flexible and more mobile. And I'm just saying that I don't want to expand mental and emotional energy for months and months to build something to launch some point in the future. I want to ask you a realistic, if I have my content, and I pop everything into GPT. And I'm looking for how long would it take to launch? Not necessarily get to six figures?

[991:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. How long would it take to launch? I think 30 to 60 days max, if you go through that, that process to launch.

[994:22] Speaker 0: But it

[995:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely just depends on on, you take an action with that. I definitely didn't mean to offend you in any way by

[997:19] Speaker 6: it's okay. Like, you just misunderstood what I said. And that's all right. I mean, but, I mean, I've built my businesses to $25 million a year. So I completely understand business and money, and which is why I'm a business coach. Okay, I actually teach people and businesses how to change how their cash flow management so that they keep more of their money in their pocket and stop giving it away. And that's what I do every single day, and I talk to people every single day, I just don't want to go out there and help those one off clients and spend time with one individual at a time. At this moment, in my time, I got 15 grandkids and I want to enjoy my family life, I've realized how short life is okay. Yeah. So that is

[1012:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think your is your price point for your coaching, gonna be at least five to 10 grand

[1014:08] Speaker 0: for the group.

[1015:07] Speaker 6: At you know, I haven't even really worked that out because I really wasn't looking at doing group coaching until I met you. Okay, yeah, yeah, you've kind of changed the trajectory of how I'm thinking and I have been on every one of these classes this week, I've taken extensive, I've gone in and looked at lots of stuff in the accelerator, or in the whatever we bought. And, and so I'm now looking to say is this. I've just been in some programs, Jeremy, where, you know, it's so hard to do. And I'm used to having a staff and right now I'm all alone. And so I have I have to be able to do this myself. Sorry.

[1026:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, it's okay. And I really I know you're going through through a lot and you're and you have accomplished so much in your life. Like that's, that's incredible. I think that again, if you're not very techy, it can. It might take you a long time to understand stuff. I don't know you are like

[1032:29] Speaker 6: anything. Okay, I just, I just, I just feel like at this moment of time, I'm normally a plow through the stuff kind of girl but in this moment of time, I just feel like I'm a little overwhelmed with life. And but yeah, I just need to get out of the current situation of having to find the next client and to and to spend so much time one on one helping people. I need to get my time

[1040:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you've had some success getting one on one clients, that'll be much easier to translate into a group coaching using what we show you. Because you've done a lot of the groundwork of knowing like who you help how you help them getting specific on that. Yes, yeah. But again, that's why there's the that's why there's the 30 day, period. And you'll know if it's a good fit within 30 days, I'm sure, yeah. All right. Well, it might not be you might be like, oh, man, that's just too overwhelming. I think I would love to maybe hear your feedback, especially since you have so much experience in business as far as taking a look at it and seeing you know, what you think about it coming in? And from that perspective, so,

[1051:39] Speaker 6: yeah, yeah, I would love to, I would love to do that lot for companies. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go ahead and sign up for the 30 day money back guarantee. And I'm gonna give it a shot. And let's just see what happens. And I here's what I'm telling you, though. I'm going to give it 100%. I believe it is. And and so what if I don't think that I can do it? I'm going to say, oh, my gosh, Jeremy, we need to have a one on one. But

[1060:05] Speaker 1: yeah, totally. But like, good

[1060:41] Speaker 6: feedback is amazing to tweak your companies. And I love it.

[1062:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. No, and there's a difference in I find there's a difference of feedback versus criticism there to do. Absolutely.

[1064:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love feedback.

[1065:22] Speaker 6: Amazing. It gets a stronger right in its audience. But yeah, you know, if somebody criticizes my company, I usually just punched him in the throat.

[1067:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Honestly, that's what my mom said that she would do too. So you my mom jokes, she says she's from the south side of Detroit. So don't mess with her. I'm like, I'm a little more softer than that. I have like big energy, but I'm a teddy bear at the at the end of the day.

[1073:44] Speaker 6: So I was, I was I marched a steel fabrication company in the commercial world. So I worked in a man's world for four

[1075:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: years. So I get eaten alive in that world.

[1076:56] Speaker 6: I have to get rough some.

[1078:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, thanks for being here. I'm excited. Oh, Sherry says are you in Enneagram? Eight? I don't know what that is. Okay. Yeah. The Enneagram. My wife is an Enneagram eight, which is why and so as my mom, I'm an Enneagram. Three. So I don't know what that is. It's a personality test thing. There's like, oh, like nine nine personalities that people are and somebody that's it's, it's it's a fun thing.

[1085:53] Speaker 6: Right out sharing? Yeah.

[1086:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Ah, great. We got more people that raise your hands. Betina Betina. Robson.

[1088:42] Speaker 8: Hey, Jeremiah. Hey, you are amazing. I've watched your five days and loved every minute of it. And it just gives you a fodder for thought. And I do have a question. But I wanted to share with the lady that asked about to buddy don't get rid of to buddy it's a lot different than chat GPT it does a deep dive into YouTube and all the stats and positions you in the best place to share your stuff so to buddy and

[1095:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's very I need to check it out too, because I don't put much effort into my YouTube.

[1097:05] Speaker 8: Well, there is there is a science to placement on YouTube and to buddy and another one called vid IQ which I have vid IQ and I'm not affiliated but they are phenomenal for stats that you need to be good on YouTube. Cool. But anyway, this is my question, Jeremiah. Yeah, I you know, I love doing webinars and I love you know, environments like we're in right now. Absolutely love it. But I would really like to similar to the lady JC. I want to have more time I want to free up my time. And I love love love to have a business, Jeremiah that I could run online, from anywhere in the world. Totally. You know, right now, I'm a realtor and like, I got to be there. I don't want to be there anymore. You know, so what do I and the thing is, I'd love to have a course that is so in demand. And that works so well that I could put my course up there and do periodic lives to kind of keep people on track. Yeah, and just go wherever I want to go love it. But I don't know, I don't know what not sure what to teach or what I can grasp on data.

[1113:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And how can you describe this as the best model for doing that? Because I know Kohli just came out of one Rick pinos coaching programs. He only works like five to 10 hours a week on that business. Like because, as you know for a fact he doesn't work more than that. I like he is probably one of the I learned a lot from him about saying I refuse to let my business take over all my time because I got way more to do way more than I'm called to do than just in business and I know me, you know, I got my new my son here, like, I'm just I light up every time I look at him in his eyes like yeah, I didn't I didn't have a dad growing up. Yeah. So

[1129:00] Speaker 1: sorry, I got choked up.

[1129:36] Speaker 8: Well, that's the reason this is our why Jeremiah, this is why we're doing what we're doing. And this is why you're helping us, you know? Yeah. So yeah, you can do the same thing.

[1131:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Building the business that you want on the timeline you want you can work as little or as much as you want. And in this business. My mom hasn't worked more than five hours a week in 10 years. Yeah, and she's semi retired and she she literally all she does for coaching is one hour a morning when the stock market opens up. She would already be on the computer at that time. So she just has people join her. And so it's literally come alongside her type of a thing. Friend of mine her name Stacy Campbell. She did something similar to that and made six figures with her whole idea was she is not a techie she is not a guru or personality at all like honestly, she told me she's like Jeremiah, I'm not a Rick Pino or sandy Krakowski, or, or even a Jeremiah Krakowski. She's like, I'm just me. But what she did was she built this thing where people could come with her around the world. And basically like, Where in the world is Stacey was her thing. And she sold it for $20 a month, and had 500 people in there for $20 a month that have literally I know the stats on it helped her set it up. Those people have stayed on with her for five years paying $20 a month. So she's got a six figure income come in just from bringing people to do life with her, she runs the whole thing just from a cell phone. So all the Zoom calls, she's just on a cell phone with people like this. That's my

[1153:13] Speaker 8: dream, Jeremiah having a monthly kind of thing. And it doesn't have to be tremendously expensive for the people that are in my group or tribe or whatever you want to call it. I know a guy who's charging $7 A month he's got 12,000 people paying him seven bucks a month. Yeah, that's totally $4,000 a month. Exactly. Yeah. And so you know, how do I get from where I am now with like a million ideas to kind of ultra focus to get make that happen?

[1160:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: We want okay, yeah, so the the process of getting Ultra focused. Because you watch the five days that I did here. What I actually taught during these five days, is the process of getting Ultra focused. In this sense, you use chat GPT to give you your initial launch idea, but the goal is to get feedback from a group of people on a q&a call. And on the feedback when they join the group of what are their struggles are and what they want to learn. You can even send a survey at the end to the people to fill out another two questions, if you want to find out more. Yeah, and so the idea is to gather a group of people sort of as like a test group, right? And have them in front of you to be able to, to, you take their answers and you filter it back into the AI. And now that tells you which niche is better to pivot in towards. And so you you move in the direction of what are people asking for? What do they want. So the idea is you got to, you have to facilitate an opportunity for people to tell you what they want. I used to I used to teach this and everybody was like, I don't know how to find out what they want. Well, you have to actually create a mechanism for them to tell you and so that's why live events, the comment thread, you can ask people to leave questions in the chat on a certain topic, when they join the group, all of that generates feedback that then you filter that back through, and then that generates a better title, a better name and helps you niche down to who can help. So I'm looking at the whole gambit of who who joins, who's on my social media commenting, who joins my virtual events, who joins the virtual events and is in the VIP. Okay. And then who goes and joins my coaching program. And if I can find the common thread pattern of the type of person that goes from the beginning to my coaching program, that's the topic that I build everything around is and so I end up you know, no longer serving the people that aren't going to actually join my coaching program because I've tested this out, they're just not ready yet. For instance, I used to do a lot of content around mental health and boundaries and overcoming from narcissistic The views and to not be people pleasing and all that, because I felt passionate about that. But I couldn't get that group of people to actually buy coaching from me. So but what I could find was people who maybe had overcome some of that, they have a message and they want to coach other people on that message. And what I found is okay, then I'm able to focus on who are the people that have a message that want to get clients, and that's who I can sell to, we follow. So this is was what we had done with. We had trialed this with my mom, she did the stock market for beginners, wealth, wisdom for beginners, but then her best webinar was consistent profits for people who have struggled to trade stocks, lost a bunch of money, how to make sure that they don't lose money anymore. And that was her promise that she gave for her webinar. And that converted to the most clients that then they didn't join, and just quit and ask for their money back the first one, they actually stayed on board with her. So finding where people fall on that timeline of their journey that's most likely to join with you. And so it's, there's a lot of dimensions to this, I really, I want to take, and I and I think that AI is going to help with this,

[1220:48] Speaker 0: I want to take

[1221:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: what we've just talked about the last five days, and create some kind of a deeper visual of the different layers of of like the hero's journey, as part of it for your messaging, you have to figure out where they are on the customer timeline, we use chat GPT to take the feedback and figure out what the language is. And then we write our sales letter, put it out there to generate more feedback. And the way I see it is I'm sort of using AI to train my own internal company algorithm of who is a good fit for our programs. And so then by doing that, we find more people that match who's already in our program. And then I just walked them through the process. So

[1233:42] Speaker 8: Well, it seems based upon what your mom did the three different sessions and then the one that she finally hit on, it seems to me based upon those that people want definitive a definitive plan to reach their goals, step by step as opposed to stuff that's just kind of out there. Because it seems like once you got like, Okay, here's how you make the money. This is what we're going to do. And that's how you move forward. I'm looking for that, you know, that's what I want to try to put together. And

[1241:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what our program is for sure.

[1241:48] Speaker 8: Yeah. And when you when you got all of us here, because obviously we went through some kind of a funnel, and I can't remember because, Jeremiah, I'm looking at all these people and like click funnels and all that. They're just way too. There's too many parts. It's too big, it's too, you know, it's not focused enough for me anyway. So, so what is the really streamlined method of advertising? I mean, is it is it Facebook? Is it YouTube? Is it Yeah,

[1248:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like Facebook, YouTube, if you know how to use YouTube is great. organically, because you can attach your offers to YouTube. I know a lot of people that use exactly what I taught these five days, but they drive people from organic YouTube or YouTube ads. The idea is there's a method of driving traffic to offers yes and so I teach Facebook ads Instagram ads and tick tock ads because they all essentially share they're essentially they're like the same as each other is you have to create a video ad and you tell the algorithm to go find people based on who actually engages with it. Other methods out there work I just don't teach your cover those so

[1260:02] Speaker 8: Got it. Got it. Well, hey and obviously worked. I mean we're here. Yeah, you know,

[1261:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is working. John said How many members are in the program? I know in the Facebook group we have

[1264:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's 167 I believe in our email list audience there's a few people who have unsubscribed I think actively paying as like 180

[1267:26] Speaker 1: And then

[1268:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've had 250 Though come through of those about 70 have asked for their money back after the first 30 days but a lot of those came through the first three or four times that we ran our event we are not getting very many people that are asking for their money back the second time Yeah, no, I'm super open about about all that stuff. So

[1274:43] Speaker 8: what system are you using to process the payments Jeremiah stripe? Okay cool. Yeah,

[1276:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah stripe and then think if ik so think if IK is the is the platform that houses our our programs like if you go to the page to sign up and you click on sign up. That then goes to my Thinkific which Is that members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And then that's connected to stripe on the back end there. Yeah. All right. Last question here from Dr. Denise and then we will close it out today.

[1283:14] Speaker 1: Okay. A comment in the question comment is that was sitting here was remembering that my very first marketing training was in 2016 When I came out to I think it was a mastermind that your mom and you did in Kansas City. Oh, yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. You and your wife weren't married,

[1290:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: though. We were Yeah, it was that. Was it at Plex Potter was that the one in Overland Park? That was like the octane never was called.

[1292:40] Speaker 1: I think it was Overland Park. Okay. Yeah.

[1294:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was kind of like in like a classroom and I had like a, it was like a garage that opened up. And then we have, do we have cheese and wine afterwards? Yes. Yes. Yep. I remember that.

[1297:36] Speaker 1: That was my first training. Like, any any more training? That was my first.

[1298:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. That's great.

[1299:36] Speaker 1: Am I cool? Question is, you know, I just really came into the program here on Thursday, because I had missing information. But I don't know where the link is to the sales page. I know you went over it. But I don't know where it is.

[1303:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: over on my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. There's a link under under

[1305:00] Speaker 9: coaching

[1305:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: and under group coaching.

[1306:30] Speaker 1: And so it's Jeremiah.

[1307:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Accelerator. You're getting free yesterday. Yeah, just put it in the chat as well. It's in the accelerator right there. Okay.

[1310:03] Speaker 0: All right. Okay.

[1310:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. And then we see somebody had asked about charging state tax through Thinkific. You have to look at your state laws with that. But Thinkific does have a tax calculator in there

[1314:44] Speaker 9: for your, for your courses. And then

[1315:53] Speaker 2: obviously, you have to work with an actual accountant to set that aside and pay it to your state or to all the individual states like that. I think Stripe is possibly setting up something soon where they do that for you. But that's why hiring an accountant is helpful. I know a lot of not all the states make you pay state tax

[1320:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: depends on what it is. So again, I am not an accountant. I don't claim to be and I'm not a lawyer. So don't take any of that advice from me.

[1323:45] Speaker 0: I want to ask you a question though about that. Because I looked at think if it and it looked like it would be hard to keep up with the taxes, I'd have to send taxes to different states. So I'm not sure. Okay. That's why I went with teachable. They said they'll do all that for you.

[1328:54] Speaker 9: Cool. Sweet.

[1329:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm like, again, I'm not super savvy on that. So I think I think that some people get i We always ran into this a lot of times, a lot of people we come up with reasons to avoid doing business because something seems hard. And so I mean, you'll always find something that's hard. That'll be a reason to not build your business. I definitely wouldn't make handling taxes be a reason to not get sales so you can figure it out. All right, everybody. I am going to log off here. We have another bonus q&a On Tuesday, April 18. Same time 3pm Central 4pm, Eastern 4pm. Eastern 3pm Central, I always mix those up. So same time. 4pm Eastern 3pm Central. And then that's also that evening is when the doors close to the accelerator and when will they be opening up again, they're not going to be opening up anytime soon. And we probably will be raising the price just a little bit next time. I was going to do it this time, but I didn't. Alright, everybody. Have a good one excited for those that we see and jump in and I'm excited for those that don't today either stay plugged in. Or go find another coach that resonates with you better. I have an open hand. I don't need to be the one the one the one person for everybody I know the people who resonate with me. Will you'll be following me for a while we'll get to know each other and it'll be a great time. So all right. Have a good one, y'all.

[1359:28] Speaker 9: It allowed me to say this man. I posted it in the chat as well, even though it's a group coaching, I can testify to this. And Jeremiah did not pay me to say this, okay, that he really thinks, oh, you said, yeah, he really thinks, you know, almost everyone's needs. I'm not saying he knows everyone, but he, he thinks in the back of his mind, what a person may need Yes, for for them to,

[1366:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I try to give you to where it'll feel like you're getting the same level of service as you would from one on one, I honestly think that it's a better opportunity than one on one with me, because all you get is an hour with me on Zoom one on one. Now, that's great. And if people want to pay you that, I'll gladly take your money, and we can meet one on one. But I think that the value of the group coaching and it's my passion to really get to know the people that are in there and serve their individual needs and things like that, and speak to that type of stuff. As well for me, I, that side of it Ave, I would say that's not AI. That's what I consider the Holy Spirit in me and my faith with God. And, and I just I believe that that there is sort of a supernatural grace over our community to where in my natural I struggle to really know where everybody is, and all of this. And so that's actually not really a natural ability. For me, I think more of it comes, comes from my faith. And I believe that God gives us supernatural ability where we might lack it in the natural so that's just you don't have to believe the same faith as me, but that's where I'm at. All right. Thanks, everybody. Have a good one.

