Day 4 - Build & Launch Your Profitable Group Mentorship
Date: 2023-09-28T04:22:04.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: SK3A6TmIotzxgTffc1wRiFF1ZtY
---

[138:07] Speaker 0: Hi.

[156:01] Speaker 1: Hello everybody, welcome. Welcome welcome in to day number four here we are. Back for day number four you guys keep coming back Like, this is great. This is I love, I love when we do a five day deal like this, and we get today number four, because for me, it's kind of like, not that I'm not relaxed, but like, I really just kind of get to like, relax a little bit because we we know each other, you know how you like relax with people, as you get to know them, I feel that way, when I spend four days with this group, and you're still listening, it's like, I know, if you're still watching this, you love the content, or at least I hope so you're engaging with it, you're getting value from it. And here's what I love is this day four, and day five, I believe in a five day intensively this because I've thought about doing just three days. Day four and day five, I believe have the strongest content for you, that you can apply in your business and actually get results from, we've really been laying the foundations the last three days for what we're going to be talking about today. And tomorrow. And so make sure to stick with us tomorrow as well. Okay, we're going to be giving away some free gifts that I'm going to talk about that every single person who joins us for day five qualifies for that can check out you can check out for your business. And I think it's going to really help you a little hint to it one of those gifts has to do with time optimization, I think you're gonna really like it. But what I want to talk about is something here. First off, before we go into the session today is I've seen a trend in the online marketing space, in in in coaches and mentors and people trying to build build one of these businesses is this belief that, okay, I'm going to put an e book out there. And I'm going to start making some content. And I'm going to do that for a little while. And hopefully, I'm going to be able to get a few people to become clients of mine, I would say don't do that, as the main focus of your your goals. Main focus needs to be having an offer that's actually growing your email list that people can sign up for with their name and email address, to register for, to spend time with you to get to know you to build trust with you. And listen, I get it content does that. But when you don't have that barrier of asking for their email address, that asks that reciprocal ask of the email address of signing up of actually registering for something, and you just sort of have content out there. If you're not a household name, I've built businesses with people that in their space sphere became a household name. Millions of dollars. And and if this didn't work for those businesses, and I was just talking to my mom about this the other day she she built her business around the time where organic social media content did have a lot of reach, where you could reach people with organic content. And today, organic, especially for mentors and coaches and trainers. It's not what it used to be, know that you might be living in your mind on a dream that you had four or five years ago when the algorithm was different. And you could do that. And this is something that I see that a lot of people do, especially when you procrastinate. You may have goals and visions that you haven't acted on in five, six years. A lot of those methodologies don't work as well anymore. And in the last two years, we've seen more than any other, you have to grow your email list. Social media platforms, you do not want to be feeding the social media, gods and spending all your time building a social media platform if you're not, for lack of a better word, taking people off the platforms. Literally. What do I mean by taking people off the platforms, I run an ad, it finds the right people that are good fit for my business. I'm getting them on my email list and we're leaving Facebook. We're having an interaction outside of Facebook in a zoom call. Now sure, again, okay, in Facebook, out of Facebook, that doesn't matter. But you're creating a connection that is off of the platform that goes beyond the surface level of a of a cute cutesy comment, or somebody saying that they found value in your content. The other thing is, is this is that your content, anything that you're not charging at least $500 For needs to have the purpose of sales and marketing, growing your business, not just awareness. Gone are the days where we do awareness by itself. You need to have a strategy of what content to put out there. Sure, go put organic content out there. I think it serves people well I think it's great to do that. out. But you also must in addition to and it's a higher priority, create something that grows your email list that you can make a presentation to people around, okay? And we have to learn to work smarter, not harder. One of the ways that you can work smarter somebody brought this up on our call on our VIP and I wanted to talk about this is what's called the swipe file. Okay, so the swipe file is a term that was created around online business and copywriters for a term that you are basically copying and pasting an entire page that people visit, and sign up with their name and email address for that you see on other advertising campaigns, from other marketers and people out there, it's like if I go to Facebook right now, and I just scroll my newsfeed, I can click and click the first ad that I see right here. Oops, let me pull up the screen here. First ad that I see right here on Facebook, click this on the sidebar. This is sales copy for an offer from somebody who is marketing a applying to work with him right here. This is actually a retargeting ad, from a webinar that he ran. And so I can copy all of this text and save it to a swipe file. Why do we do that? I join as many email lists as I can, so that I can see what emails are they sending out, I copy as many landing pages from even my competitors that I can, so that I can see. You know, what is it that people are actually sending that as that is out there? I think one of the biggest problems and mistakes that beginning mentors and coaches make because they're trying to be an original. They're trying to be so different from everything else that they've ever seen that's out there. And that's a big mistake. Instead, learn from what does exist. And with chat, GBT, what's really cool is you can have it rewrite any sort of sales copy that you find and use it as a template. So any ad campaign that you see running on your social media, if I click on this landing page right here, from an ad, again, I don't even know who this is. I'm just gonna copy this. I can literally take any text or headline or sales copy, let's find a little bit of a longer page. Let's try Nope, I know that guy is. Let's try. Let's try this one right here. Here we go. Yeah.

[286:59] Speaker 1: Here's the sales page sales letter right here, got some sales copy, just like we went over the last two days. If you copy this in the chat GPT. And you can say rewrite the following sales letter for a free webinar, helping dog groomers get more clients in their business. And it's going to actually take that existing sales letter that has nothing to do with dog grooming, but it's going to use it as a template to rewrite it. Learn how to secure more loyal pet owners join us to discover strategies tailored for dog groomers. Our strategies have helped numerous dogs. So the idea is you can literally take any piece of content that's already written that's out there and have chat GBT rewrite it in the format that best fits your business or whatever you're offering. Okay. And that'll save you a lot of time. And I think that one of the things that we have to do as business owners as entrepreneurs, is we have to value our time. And I'm talking about long term timeline like the next 12 months to a year, committing to not wasting time, committing to not just dilly dallying, thinking that we got all this time in the world to get everything done. Listen, I get it. I'm somebody who I preach a message of self compassion, not burnout. I'm not a big fan of like the hustle, kill yourself and work super hard mindset. But I'm also very self aware of our ability to procrastinate and why we procrastinate, avoiding doing the things that we need to do until later. Putting off what's going to help us until later thinking that that's going to we're going to be thinking that we're going to be in a better position in the future. And that behavior like unless you have a track record of consistently hitting milestones in your life, and you can predict the trajectory of doing that, putting off until tomorrow, what can be done today, or this month, putting off for two to three years, building your offer to create organic content and launch a free book or a memoir about yourself to try to gain some traction and speaking gigs. That's just delaying the inevitable. And avoiding doing the very thing that's literally going to blow up and explode your business in the most positive way possible. Which is having an offer that people sign up for with their name and email address, something that grows your email list, having some kind of a lead magnet, the grocery email list, and then selling a 500 to $1,000 program, to the people who actually sign up for that. Something that has significant financial value that you're selling to those people and that process of growing in your ability to sell, make sales presentations, getting new prospects in front of you, getting new people that you can present to in front of you and actually growing in that area. Again, I'm not trying to beat you up here. I'm saying that all other methodologies pretty much then don't just pale, but they're a waste of time. They're a complete waste of time, compared to doing presentations, with an offer, and closing sales to get new paid clients. Sure, there's different ways you could do that you could do direct messages. Even when you do DMS, you still got to send people to an offer, you could comment on your your comments on social media is still want to send them to an offer. You could you know, have a Facebook group that you're that you're building, you still want to have offers to send people to not just random pieces of content, you might say, Well, I'm just going to help people with that content. I mean, this the best of ways I did a video every single day, I know people that do this, it's not gonna work out like how you think it's going to just putting content out there. Okay. And so keep putting the content out there, but have an offer, have some kind of a lead magnet, some kind of an opt in offer that follows the process that we're showing you here today, and learn to compress the amount of time that you're spending on everything. I think way too often, we spend way too much time trying to make everything perfect, trying to make sure that everything is lined up perfectly. When in fact, what we need to do is we need to just just do the work without having all the pieces figured out. You know, this is a this is a technique that I actually use half the time when I create content. When I create a sales letter, when I write emails, and I do stuff like that, I don't want to do it. I don't want to mark it in my business. But I do it and I tell them and I set deadlines for myself, okay, this has to be done by this Saturday. This has to be done by Friday at noon. And I set constraints on myself to make sure that I'm actually hitting strategic milestones in my business. And it's important that we do that, that we actually put intention behind our business building activities. Otherwise, we are going to come up with reasons why to talk ourselves out of it as an entrepreneur, you don't have a boss micromanaging you. You don't have somebody checking in on you making sure that you're doing your work. Okay, even if you join our client growth accelerator program, when we open the doors to it, I don't spend my time micromanaging all of our members making sure that they're doing their work. Because this is an area that I want to encourage you to grow in yourself is to develop the discipline to do the work even when you don't feel like it as well as the discipline to rest as well as the discipline to take care of yourself. Self Care working on what's between your two ears. That actually takes discipline to do because it's the painful stuff. It's actually the hard stuff. It's actually the stuff that stops us you know when you go out there to sell. When you go out there to promote your offer in your business. You're going to come face to face with your own self doubts, limiting beliefs as to why You feel like you're not ready yet? Why? Maybe your offers not good enough. And that starts to creep in, and it affects your ability to actually connect with people. You know, we're so concerned with is everybody gonna like me? Are they gonna accept me? Are they gonna buy from me? Are they gonna become a client, we end up literally, like, doing all the stuff to make sure that they don't buy from us. Because we're so concerned with what people think. And so that's one of the biggest tips that I can give you is have an open hand, let go of the outcome as much as possible. And just go out there with the focus of how can I serve people, and then do the right things, grow your email list, make a presentation, develop your presentation, jump into our accelerator program, when it opens, instead of, you know, waiting six to 12 months from now, when we open the doors again, jumping in when we do open the doors. And listen, maybe you might not be ready yet to start to implement everything. But you're gonna get into an ecosystem and an environment, in our Facebook group, and in our community where you get to ask questions, or you get to post your questions. You know, in our community, we have people every single day posting questions about what's going on in their business, what they need help with, to get results to reach more clients, and they actually actually grow their business overall. Okay. And so like that's in here, we review your Facebook ads, we're reviewing your, your landing pages, I got landing pages here that I'm reviewing for people, I give full analysis, by the way, I'm in there interacting every single day with our members, making sure that anything they need, I got them covered. Okay. And so that's, that's one of the amazing parts about this community, is we've developed it in a way where we can serve our clients at an exceptional level, we're able to deliver amazing coaching to people wherever they deliver our content in an amazing way. And we're able to do so with me only having to work like five to 10 hours a week, which is awesome. Like, it's incredible how this is all developed and designed. And so that's what I'm gonna be talking about here today is how do you put that together? How do you put that on autopilot? And we're also gonna touch a little bit on Facebook ads and how do you attract the right clients to you? Does that sound pretty good, okay. And then tomorrow, we're going to be talking about what it takes to actually close the sale. What it takes to actually get people to buy from you, when you go out there to actually put your offer out there. When you go out there to present.

[447:05] Speaker 1: And I'll tell you in the beginning you're gonna have nerves, you're gonna not feel ready, you're gonna feel like you're you sound silly, you look silly. That's part of it. It gets better the more you do it. But procrastinating putting it off thinking, I'll do it next year. I'll do it 12 months from now I'll start growing my email list next year. And you know, I know there's people on here today even I met you a year ago. And you and so I want to tell you Don't be in the same place a year from now, where you're still just learning. Let's start applying let's start taking action let's start and it doesn't have to be the whole big thing either could just be step by step, a little step start working on your sales copy which had GPT I'm nervous to use had GPT great that's a great area for you to grow in. Make an account start using it start playing around with it on nervous to create a landing page great experiment, make an account create an account with Squarespace, start putting some of this stuff together and I'll tell you it gets a whole lot easier once you actually start started doing it we end up getting so caught up in analysis paralysis and we are so good at coming up with reasons why today is not a good time. And six months from now or a year from now is gonna be a better time I'm telling you that behavior I was that way for so long. And you know something that that shifted in my life this year I decided to no longer be that way too long. No longer put off to tomorrow. What can be taken care of today? No, of course. That's not like a rule that I like. I don't hit it. 100% I try How to do that like 60 to 70% of the time, you know, but by at least trying to do that 60 to 70% of the time, my whole life has changed. We bought a house, we paid off all our debt. We built a seven figure business in just one year. Of me, saying no longer am I going to keep putting off growing my email list. That's it. That was literally the decision that I made. I was right where y'all are. Two years ago. You might say Jeremiah, you weren't where we were, you got all this success, you had all this experience all that yada yada, yada. Gosh, people are so easy to talk themselves out of what's going to make them successful. Don't be talking yourself out of your own success. Simply because you think that your situation is so much different than mine. I was right where y'all are, mentally, emotionally, confidence wise, even with my experience, imposter syndrome, not believing in myself, even though I had a truck wreck track record, even though I had the proof, even though I had the receipts. And, you know, I was just like, you know, I'm just gonna keep putting content out there, I'm not gonna promote anything, I'm just gonna, you know, try to gain some traction this way. I did a few discovery calls to connect with people had a few one on one clients that would trickle in. It wasn't until I finally got a vision for the life that I wanted, the life that I was creating for my wife and I. And, you know, there's actually, I used to laugh about this book, I used to make fun of it for a long time. And I read it. And I read a couple other books by the author, too. I literally used to make fun of people that would read this book, which is funny. And it was one of the most life changing books for me last year, thinking Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill. The idea of things of what you think determines the path that you take, and putting yourself into situations where you start to think like a millionaire, you start to do what millionaires do, telling you it matters, it changes everything. What's going on between your two ears changes everything. That's why I integrate so much of the mindset side of things. Because I really do believe as you think So will you be if you think you're not able to be successful with this, or you're not ready yet, that is literally the self fulfilling prophecy of what you're going to experience in your life. And you can literally change that by what you think. And you might argue with me say I can't I've tried it, I've tried it before. And that's a great area, there's, there's usually blocks, there might be a block that stopping you from thinking in that way. And so that's what we what we want to focus on. But I believe that everybody, if you're here right now watching this, you can transform the way you think you can transform your mind. You can step out of a victim mindset into abundance, you can step out of scarcity into abundance. I'm fired up because I know that every single person who is here today can become a multimillionaire coach. What makes me sad is that also knowing that many who are here today will not become multi millionaire coaches, by their own choice. Even when you're presented with the possibility, and the process and everything, okay, don't beat yourself up for where you're at. Don't despise humble beginnings, I really believe that no matter where you're starting at, that's where you're meant to be right now, don't feel depressed or upset or angry. Because maybe you're a beginner. Don't feel upset, because maybe you've been working at this for so long. Don't be beating yourself up over that either. Give yourself the grace to take things one step at a time to start to put the pieces together. And I think that this is one of the things that that I teach my clients. It's just transformative is make your business fun. Make it more fun. Don't be so stiff all the time. Don't be so rigid all the time. Don't be so for lack of a better word boring and trying to be so professional all the time. Be you have fun with it. You're going to make a whole lot more money by just having fun. I really really mean that. Okay. And one of the best ways to have fun, especially if you find that you're overwhelmed with technology or you don't know what to do what's next. Keep things simple. Don't overcomplicate them, you could do 1000 or 1 million different things in your business different tasks, to try to put things together all of that most of them are a waste of time. The simple stuff, that's what I'm going to show you how to do, that's what I've been showing you. We showed you yesterday how to put a very simple landing page together with Squarespace that people can sign up for. When people sign up for that, we send those email addresses over to a over flips over to a platform called MailChimp. And MailChimp is where all the email addresses go after people sign up for for our offers that we have. And so then what we're able to do is we're able to literally go into MailChimp, we can create a campaign in here. Oh, by the way, I'm actually pretty proud of this in our MailChimp, I email our list, like twice a day. And yeah, look at this, this is this is our reputation with our email list. We're so far above what most users are, we're literally off the charts, positive experience. I don't know open rate, and that it's because I email so often. But like we don't have a high abuse rate or anything, people love receiving our emails. When you actually serve your audience, and you actually qualify people well, that's how it is we have no chargebacks in our business at all. Not one, you know, I give people 30 days to actually try out our client growth accelerator, we have a 30 day trial period, where you get to test it out when we open the doors, just to see if it's a good fit for you. Because I believe in people making educated solid decisions, okay? Anyways, MailChimp lets you put together simple campaigns. See, like for this one right here, and 154 people registered for this. You can see not 154 people are actually watching live that many people registered for a five day event like this. And it's either watching the recordings now we have seen about 100 150 plus people watching the recordings. So that tells me there's a lot of y'all that are watching the recordings. That's great. And you know, 154 registered and so what we can do is we get to create automated emails you go in here, you can create a create an auto responder email in MailChimp. And then what we can do is we can use this to send so you can put like, who wants to this is basically the email list that we're going to be doing right here is there are different email lists, who it's from.

[606:33] Speaker 1: Put your name and email in there. You can schedule the time that it goes out so you can automate the emails, you can create a series of what goes out over a week after somebody signs up for something. And so what we do is we can we literally schedule autoresponder emails in MailChimp that go out. And we send people the Zoom links, or a link to a Facebook group like we have for this one. Since it's happening in the Facebook group, we send those links through the auto responder email, we keep it very simple, you go grab the link, you when you go into zoom, to create a meeting in zoom, it gives you the ability to copy a link that then you can send in an email. So like, like, that's what we use to build our business, we create very simple landing pages where people will sign up, we use MailChimp to send the links out. We connect with people inside of a Facebook group. Okay. For like for our paid content for our paid coaching, we use a platform called thinkific.com. Think if ik.com is my platform for my accelerator program, that it houses all of our classes, all of our content, all of our students, when people register it manages their payments and manages you know, if they pay, they get access that they don't they don't. It sends out any sort of notification emails. So we use thinkific.com to manage all of our coaching, the actual coaching program side of things in conjunction with a Facebook group. Okay, so then that's what this Facebook group is right here. This is where people actually get to ask questions, get to engage throughout the week, get their questions answered, get to get feedback on different things. These are people asking for feedback on their campaigns. This has just been like in the last month right here. asking for feedback on different offers and stuff that they're putting out there to promote in our community. It's awesome. We love it. And so that's how we facilitated, will utilize the Facebook group and think if ik, somebody can sign up for our program through Thinkific. They can get access in the members area to log in and get access to any of the recorded content, any of the recorded trainings, things like that. And so like this is what the back end of the Thinkific looks like, is you have this learning platform with these different lessons on the side here. You know, this is our course, outsourcing team building made easy. And so I have this lesson right here. This is before I had all this stuff on my shelf. Outsourcing, being able to so this is, this is a whole lesson right here I'm breaking down about hiring team members outsourcing. I have a summary of the lesson right here we have the whole transcript in here. That's what the Thinkific platform lets you do to create different trainings, courses, organize them everything. You know, we have one right here, automated marketing secrets, the best way to automate things what software to use, even how to automate live trainings, live webinars, if you want to, you know pre record a class and run it broadcasts it out to people pre recorded, you can do it that way. We walk you through it a whole MailChimp course right here, we have all these different courses that are part of the accelerator program that you get access when you jump into the when you jump into the accelerator. And something I want to tell you about here real quick. Before we we go into about the Facebook ads training. I'm going to show you a little bit about Facebook ads. I'm gonna show you a little bit more about the different platforms we use actually just showed you the platforms here really, it's very simple. You want an outline, write this down. I'm gonna tell you all the platforms that we use chat GBT from open AI. Okay, write that one down. Chat GBT. That helps us generate a lot of our marketing material, a lot of our social media content, all of that. We use Squarespace for our landing pages. We use Facebook for advertising as well as Facebook groups, we use a site called restream.io, which allows us to stream our content out to people right here across different platforms. restream.io This is my favorite one, I've used a number of different ones. This one's a little bit more optional, but it's lets you go out to multiple different pages and stuff like that. We use Thinkific for our actual delivery of our coaching content to people. And then we also use mailchimp.com for our email marketing, the auto responder emails that go out to people when they sign up. And by the way, all of these integrate and they talk together. In our accelerator, we got classes where we teach you I go step by step through how to integrate all of these together the different nuts and bolts of this. And then the last one is this one's really cool. It's called Zapier. This one allows you to link different platforms together like you could link MailChimp to think if ik if somebody signs up for something in MailChimp, you can have it automatically give access to say, a class that you haven't Thinkific. So this would be a great way like somebody signs up for a free a free class. Now you're going to give them access, you're going to enroll the user in a course in the Thinkific platform, and Zapier connects the two together to make that activity trigger like that. So that helps you kind of automate a lot of different things like that. Okay. There's a lot of really great ways to automate your business, whether it be hiring staff, or using Zapier and Zapier is probably one of the best tools to be able to do that. Okay. You know, there's different tools that are out there if you want to if you want to automate webinars, things like that one, that one that we like webinar fuel.com. Now, I host my webinars in zoom. Or we do a challenge like this, or an intensive like this in a Facebook group. But this is a pretty cool platform. If you want to automate a webinar that's pre recorded, and it looks like it's live, you can upload it and it'll have it has all the autoresponders and things like that. So that's another cool platform webinar fuel like that, but pretty much like those are the only platforms that we that we that we use. That's it. Very simple. And you can start with her most you can start with a Squarespace account, MailChimp, and a Google Drive. I know people that they're still building on a Google Drive, where they give a private link from the Google Drive to video files that they upload it into a Google Drive. folder and they're just sending that person a link to a Google Drive folder. That's a way to bootstrap it before you have like a think if ik account, things like that, you can have somebody pay you through through Squarespace. Once that order goes through you, you have it send an email out to the person, send them a Google Drive link. Building business online, is a lot less complicated, I think than we make it. It really is. And learning these platforms. And putting all this stuff together is 100 times easier than it was even two years ago, they've made these platforms, so intuitive, so easy to learn, so easy to go through. So easy to operate inside of that you don't have to be a rocket scientist anymore to be able to put this stuff together. Okay. And even when it comes to like Facebook ads, I'm going to show you here in just a second, how we you set up to write our Facebook ads, how we target the Facebook ads to find the right people. You know, that's one of the most important things once you create your offer, once you know what you're going to sell to people, once you create a lead magnet, we got to actually go find those people that are out there with our Facebook ads. Okay. But something before I go into that, I just want to tell you this. And we've had a number of you who have joined the waiting list of the client growth accelerator program. And we actually just crossed over the number that we are looking forward to open the doors again. And so we haven't opened the doors for a couple of months for this since August, but we have just opened the doors for enrollment in the accelerator program, you can go to my site, go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, click on group coaching program from the drop down here at the top of the site. Under coaching, or I'll I'll put the link under here as well. We'll send you an email with a link to and so you have until Tuesday, October 3 at midnight to jump in at founders pricing. Okay, this is going to be the this is going to be the last time that we do founder's pricing on this. And what is founders pricing? Well, I'm gonna tell you about what that is here in just a second. So not only do you get this five bonuses that you get when you register before October 3 At midnight, we're also throwing in three free gifts that are yours just for saying maybe and trying the program out for 30 days. Okay. And this is what I wanted to tell you about tomorrow. Every single person that's here sorry, by the way, my, my moustache is really itchy. And my my nose here if you if you I'm always felt self conscious when I'm itching my nose and like, you know, I'm definitely not snorting coke or doing anything weird.

[765:37] Speaker 1: Just being real with you. It's the moustache, it's getting me there. So apologize for that. Anyways, three free gifts, that when you try the accelerator out for 30 days, see if it's for you, I'm gonna give you these to keep. You don't have to send them back. You don't have to, you don't lose access to them. These are free gifts, every single person that's here qualifies for if you register before Tuesday, October 3 At midnight, and I'm going to tell you what those are tomorrow. That's why I said you got to be on day number five, I'm going to tell you what those are one of them has to do with time optimization, okay, and it's gonna really help you out so I think that this is one of the best deals that's out there. If you are a mentor trainer or coach, again, I'm not gonna go into detail right now about the program because I really want to show you the Facebook ads stuff. But go to the site, go to the page. And and I believe that this is the best program that's out there for mentors, coaches and trainers that want to get more clients that want to work on their stuff that want to take action and start to see results in their business. You can read about all the classes that we have in here. We got six steps to six figures as a coach this is our full Blueprint. If you go through even just one class this is the one to go through successful webinars and challenges. irresistible offers that sell automated marketing secrets landing page blueprint sales copy another chat GBT course Facebook ads basics for newbies. We've had a lot of people that have told me they've been stuck with Facebook ads for years and this class helped them a lot. MailChimp, outsourcing your team members, you can literally go through and see all these copywriting Facebook ads, funnel building on Squarespace, mindset coaching class. These are all classes that you get access to that are already recorded. They're already in the members area. When you join you get access to go through these in your own time. There And plus, throughout the week, every single week, we end up meeting up on a zoom call. Why get to work with you in your unique area in your business every single week on Monday at 11am Central time, we are meeting up on a zoom call for me to work with you to answer your questions, to take a look at your offer to take a look at your copy to take a look at wherever you're at whatever sticking point you have, I'm there to help you Plus, once a month, we also have a copywriting rewrite day on the second Thursday of every month, where we focus just on the sales copy of your landing page in your ads a dedicated copywriting day. Okay, and we have a number of members who just they watch the recordings of each of these Monday calls, even if you can't make it live, you're gonna get access to the recordings. And the way we've designed the program is that it answers questions, no matter where you're coming in, in your business, okay. And so you're going to be served even if you can't join us every single morning on Monday, at 11am. Watching the recordings is going to help you a whole ton. Plus, we got these five Fast Start bonuses that are right here. When you register before midnight, Tuesday, October 3, I'm just gonna go through here, you get the fast start bonus number one live Wednesday, October 4, this is next Wednesday. So we're going to close the enrollment enrollment in the program ends on Tuesday, October 3, that's your last chance to jump in, then we're closing the doors again, goes back to a waiting list. And I'm taking a couple of months off from actually even marketing or doing anything. So we're not opening the doors to new members, I'm just going to be focusing on the on the group on the coaching group, possibly until the new year. So this, the doors close October 3, it'll go back to the waiting list. The day after Wednesday, we have a Fast Start Training. So this is an onboarding call for you to get up to speed right away knowing how to make the most of the program, knowing where to start with this is for brand new members to get you going right away as quickly as possible. And taking what we've learned here during these five days, and how to apply it and hit the ground running as part of the program. You're gonna get the power of other people stages training. This is how you can actually use your network, to utilize other people's network to be able to reach new clients, by speaking alongside other people. How do you approach people to do that this is an incredibly powerful training that that is worth almost as much as the program itself just for this one training right here. You get the recordings to our offer Launch Pad mastermind event. These are two exclusive closed door live mastermind trainings, where we work with you on your funnels and your offer copy at the funnel, building Fast Track training with Steven Robbins, this is this is a bonus training right here. All about building funnels quickly getting your funnel going if you want to do that, and you get two tickets. I think this one is really valuable. You get two free tickets to our offer Launchpad two day live mastermind. So this is a live mastermind experience. That's happening October 20 and 21st. The last one that we did this year, I believe it was in May. We did one in May. We skipped for the summer. This is one of the most life changing experiences that we do we spend two days from 11am to 5pm. Working with you on your funnel your offer to help you get things going to help you get at launch. And so it's a it's an active working workshop, where two days in a row Friday, October 20. Saturday, October 21. We're going to be spending and working with you in there. Diving, deep dive this is a this is a full on Zoom mastermind, it happens on Zoom. And so you're gonna get two free tickets, meaning you and then you can send the Zoom link to somebody that you know, and have them come in with you for this live mastermind experience that we're going to be doing in a couple of weeks, October 20 through the 21st I'm excited for this. This is honestly one of the funnest experiences that we have as part of the program. We do it about two to three times a year. You know we're doing this one in October, we'll probably won't do another one until after the new year for this where we get to really dive deep with our members for two days in a row morning tonight, and go over there's four sessions a day. It's incredible. It's amazing to get to two free tickets to that as a fast start bonus for joining as well, before October 3, plus the free gifts that are yours to keep, just for trying the program out just for just for trying it for 30 days, even if you're like, Hey, I just want the free gifts, register sign up. And they're yours to keep forever. Even if you say I want my money back, and you quit the program within the 30 day period. So here's, here's what it all costs. Okay, this is our lowest price ever, you're going to get this before, when you enroll before Tuesday, October 3, you get the bonuses and the gifts, and our lowest price ever. It's not $25,000 it's only two grand $1,997 for the year paid in full. With our risk free money back 30 day guarantee, you get to try it out, risk free. But if that wasn't enough, we also have 0% interest, no credit check required 12 Pay option $166.42 A month right here. And the program, you know, it's billed on a yearly basis. If you join, now you get grandfathered in at this rate, you get to keep it for as long as you stay with the program. But we ask that you stay for at least 12 months, you can stay beyond the 12 months, we got a lot of people like they're going on their second year with us. They're loving it. It's incredible. They're super happy with the program. But what we just asked you is that you join for all 12 payments, you're making a commitment by joining to stay for the entire 12 months, at least one year with the program. But that's why we give you 30 days to try it out. Most coaching and mentorship programs do not offer that for you. Okay, so this is absolutely risk free. 30 days, go through everything, check it out, see if it's for you see if you like it, jump on all the calls, have me write your copy of you create your landing pages. And if you're not a big fan of it, if you don't like it, no questions asked. Like, I want to make sure that we have people that are just they love the program. And so within 30 days, you're gonna know is this? Is this the culture for you? Is this the program for you? Or do you want to say we part ways and, you know, no, no bad feelings, no bad blood. It's just it wasn't a good fit. That's what I want to make sure of is I want to make sure that it's a good fit for you. And so that's why I have this 30 day money back guarantee, right here for you to try the program out. You still get to keep all three of the free gifts that we're going to be telling you about tomorrow.

[924:44] Speaker 1: Forever, you get to keep those forever. But I really believe we have. We have like almost nobody who actually takes us up on this 30 Day offer. Why? Because people get in. And they're like, Okay, this program is amazing. It's incredible. It's literally better than anything else that I've been a part of. In fact, we have one of our testimonies that's on the page here says that we had a gal she joined. She says right here I've spent over 30,000 on coaching. After my first chorus, I'm thinking CGA is one of the best. I agree I'm biased because I run the program, but I really, really, really think it's incredible. You know I love Ave says right here, I was a skeptic before I heard about it. I've been in seven weeks. He's actually been in for the last year with us and going on a second year loves the program. You know, you'll see him on the VIP calls. He sings the praises of the program. I appreciate it. He's awesome. Lila right here, and you're getting 10 times the value she gets from other coaches. I love it. It's a bargain. That's great. So you can read what other people say about the program, different results that people have gotten, but definitely the doors are open until October 3. Jump in, try it out for 30 days. Give it a try. We'd love to have you in there okay. And and tomorrow, we're going to break down the whole process for you of how you go from getting people on your email list, and then converting them to sales overall. I want to I want to show you what I believe it's the best, most ethical non sleazy, non manipulative, where people are actually thanking you for the opportunity to work with you. They're thanking you for being part of what you're offering. They love what you're doing. I like that's what I love we get I get that from our clients, the people that are in our program, love it. They think it's amazing, and I'm super grateful for that. I think that you will as well if you try it out, okay. Now the way that we get all of our clients in our business I'm going to touch on Let's hear just a little bit before we go into the VIP, I got maybe like five, six minutes. To go over this, we're gonna touch on it a little bit more tomorrow about the Facebook ads as well. But I just want to show you something here real quick. So Facebook ads, that's how we get all of our clients. Okay, over here on Facebook, these ads, we run these ads, people click on them. And then they sign up for a training with their name and email address. See, this is literally a Facebook ad that goes to a landing page with a training right here that people are able to sign up for why do I have so many coaching and consulting? Ads? What's because I click on all of them, I add them to my swipe file. So the algorithm showing me a lot of them. But we but we get all of our clients through Facebook ads. How do you know what to actually put in the ad itself? How do you know what to put in here? Well, we have a number of great trainings in the accelerator that break down the whole process of what to put in Facebook ads, but we actually use chat GPT to read our ads. That's a very simple prompt that you use. It's in our prop document. If you go to the prop document right here you can actually see it you can actually find it under advertising it's the next row under sales copy. Under advertising there's the Facebook ads copy prompt and the Facebook ads expert prompts. You are a sales copywriting expert you're training all the top forms of online persuasion running Facebook ads. So I put this under the customer instructions right here

[988:24] Speaker 1: let's add this how do you want to respond? You're a Facebook ads copy expert. Now let's copy this landing page that it wrote us for a dog grooming business right here. Just Just as an example. also show you how you can do this from an existing landing page. Okay, I'm gonna say right me for Facebook ads based on the following offer and I'm just gonna paste the landing page in here. And that's going to literally write me Facebook ads copy attention dog groomers want to turn Watkins and to loyal customers. Dog Grooming paradise saw a huge increase in revenue. You could be next struggling to fill your appointment slot secure more loyal dog owners with proven marketing techniques. Pups day out tripled their client base, skyrocketed their income if you have testimonies, great way to do that success story alert pets. Haven Spa became a community favorite in six months how? Okay, let's try this. Let's take one of my mom's landing pages for her ebook by the way, all the ads that we're running right now for my mom's ebook offer that she's running ads to. We use chat GPT to write all of them. Just copy the page right here. Tell chat GPT write me Facebook ad. Write me I like to do for Facebook ads that use the pa s framework. But print them out as Facebook ads that I can copy and paste into the ads manager promote the following offer. Then I pasted the landing page to my mom's ebook. And now it's gonna write me some Facebook ads right here. Tired of living paycheck to paycheck, the bills keep coming in. Debts keep piling you're never stuck in the neverending cycle transform your finances with our free ebook wealth wisdom and winning at Wall Street discover proven strategies and secrets for me from a struggling single mom and multimillionaires stock trader. Let's see. I don't like having problem agitate solution actually in there. So I'll actually say that I don't like actually saying PHS in the ad. You edit these so they are written like good Facebook ads. Let's rework it so didn't say that. Here we go. Feeling the financial squeeze. You're not alone. That's the bills never seen it at the end of the month. Break Free with our game changing ebook, wealth, wisdom winning and Wall Street. Why do others get rich while you're stuck? It's maddening, isn't it? So the idea is when you work on your landing page copy whatever copy you generate, all you do is you just copy that into the chat GPT and you tell it to make your Facebook ads based off of it. That's literally why we have so much of a focus on your copy for this This event Here's how I did my Facebook ads for it. I literally took my landing page for this five day intensive right here copy the text tool chat GPT I said write me for Facebook ads based on the following using the PHS framework. But don't say problem agitate solution just write them as Facebook ads

[1050:07] Speaker 1: Facebook ad number one here we go. Oh, this is actually using GPT 3.5. So not the best ads did those really quickly they're not that great. Let's let's actually try this in GPT four because it's gonna write them a lot better and GPT for

[1057:43] Speaker 1: stuck in the mentorship maze discover shortcut to 10 to $30,000 months feeling overwhelm you have a vision of the expertise but turning a mentorship program into a money making machine. That's a different story. It's time to fuel your fire. Tech troubles eating your time you want to mentor but not become a tech wizard. Ain't that the truth? Get Smart not stressed. We'll show you how to simplify technology. This is the tech nightmarish Well, that's actually pretty good. I've never ran and offer that way it gives you headlines. Craft words It turns skeptics into paying clients struggling with sales tired of the financial rollercoaster? Can you generate me? For ads about getting more clients in your coaching business based on the above offer? get filled with high paying clients. You've got the skills and the passion learn how to create irresistible coaching offer. Who are you even talking to you're shouting into the void. The right clients aren't healing hearing you amplify your message fighting intensive, teaches you how to target and attract clients who are hungry for your offer. Okay, so that's how we're able to use Facebook and chat GBT to actually write our Facebook ads. I even have a prompt right here that will write a video ad script for you. It uses a four part question series attention grabbing question that frames the solution, who you are and your qualifications a sentence that tells them what you offer a call to action that tells them to click on the video. If we paste this in here, it's going to do this. Now I do need to go on over to our VIP here. Okay. But as you can see, like chat GPT does so much for our business that's so powerful from like writing scripts for our video ads. Hey, there, are you a coach, but you feel like you're just coaching in the air because you got no clients, I totally get it. I started off there. I've been the go to guy for mentors, trainers and coaches, we've generated 10s of millions of dollars. And I want to show you in a five day intensive how to grow your business make 10 to $30,000 per month. Obviously I'm not reading it verbatim, but it's giving me an idea for a step one, step two, step three, step four. And this is the framework that we actually teach you to use in our paid program in the accelerator. In the classes that we have in the accelerator about Facebook ads, we tell you to use chat GBT to craft and create all your ads, which is awesome. You can even ask it, you know, if I, if I don't have enough data for a lookalike audience, who can I target my ads to give me some broad, detailed targeting ideas. It'll give you targeting ideas based on your offer. Until you have look alike ads, different interests life coaches, business coaches consultant, personal development, Tony Robbins, Jim Rohn, famous gurus are coaches, business networking, self help books, business marketing, business degrees, people who age 25 to 55. We actually this improved our business a lot just by using this. So this gives you great ideas for like, who to target what to target and our accelerator will will work with you. Even deeper on the nitty gritty details of this. We're going to talk I'm going to touch on more of this tomorrow too. Because I don't want to just gloss over this super quickly before we go to the VIP. Tomorrow is going to be incredible because we're going to really go over how to tie all this together how to get the right people in front of you. And then how do you actually close those sales how do you actually convert that into a paid client for you? Okay, jumping into the accelerator. The doors are open. They're going to be open until Tuesday next week. I can't wait to see you in there. For the rest of y'all. I'm gonna go head on over to the VIP. I'll see you there in just a sec. We'll talk soon.

