2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-11-18T21:09:07.000Z
Duration: 78 min
Otter ID: 1yKwalgAe_BomPuvBaMsWzG3FmA
---

[0:36] Speaker 0: All right here we go

[5:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome, welcome welcome into our bonus q&a time. Let's say my camera's not working. Hey, what's up, man? How are you?

[10:35] Jake: It's great. It's Saturday.

[11:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, yeah. Sometimes I don't always know what day of the week it is, but Right? Um, okay, why is this camera not working? Let's see. See, it should it should work. Generally, it's just a USB thing. There we go. That's y'all want to like a giant technology tip. If it don't work, unplug it and plug it back in. That'll save so many people so many headaches with tech. Is that let me let me get this streaming out to all the streaming while we do that, listen, this is our live q&a asked me anything. Anything you want, I sent this out to my whole email list. You know, what is interesting is I can get more people on a call that has like a purpose behind it. Whereas if it's like an open, ask me anything and get like half as many people that show up, but that's okay. It just shows that if you don't have a purpose behind why you're having people all show up, they're probably not going to show up. See, raise your hand if you got a question. Raise your hand if you got a question. Some craziness happened in the world of AI in the last like 1224 hours all the CEO and founder of open AI, co founders, they all got either got fired or quit. So breaking news there.

[36:27] Jake: How do you raise your hand?

[36:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I think there's a button in zoom to do it. But I mean, you can also turn your camera on and raise it or I can just talk with you now. Yeah, there we go.

[40:44] Jake: Yeah. What up Jeremiah?

[41:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up, dude? Are we recording right now? I don't know.

[42:08] Jake: Yeah, I clicked okay for it to say it's

[43:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's recording. So what's going on?

[43:32] Jake: Man? So I haven't been on much of these lives. I've been listening to all the recordings pretty much all week. Yeah, but multiple times because my brain is mad at me. So I fell into that, as you know, I fell into that category prior to everything where I know too much. I've been in this industry for about

[48:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: a day, bro, you know enough to make like 10 million. I know you can make 10 million, like I know a lot about you, you can make 20 million you can make I know 100 million.

[51:26] Jake: So but I'm overly technical, that these more simple, simple, stupid ideas where I'm like, I should have thought of that. I should have seen that my brain decides to just my RAM gets heated. And then it doesn't want to listen to the obvious, and I gotcha. And that's why I haven't been on live because I'm like, No, it's like clenched jaw brain hurts. Because I'm so mad at myself. Oh man, myself, but

[59:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you mad about the fact that I

[60:08] Jake: should have totally known these simple things sooner? Oh, well, I know these are like Silent behind the scenes challenges that we all face. But specifically for me because I'm so technical. I understand all of the process, all the things you have to set up the entire thing. I've done 10 million for clients, so I know he's to be done. I tired of working for narcissists not writing them be multimillionaires and say you know what? Maybe I should not help the narcissist. We

[67:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: had a great conversation about that the other day I was I enjoyed the conversation. It was great.

[69:01] Jake: I hate it but so I'm I'm beating myself up but I'm really I'm really slowing down listening to you. Granted, I listened to you on like 2x speed. Okay, so I'm really I'm so ADHD and my brain just moves so quickly.

[72:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I listen to audiobooks that like Forex speeds. Yeah,

[73:46] Jake: it's ridiculous. Yeah. So I understand the entire process, what needs to be implemented? I even understand how your entire ecosystem works and makes sense when you when you simplify it, because I'm in I'm in like 134 Facebook groups. And I see everybody where they're like, how do we get leads and I'm like, distribute more of your messaging better. And so

[80:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well and and do more of the stuff that yeah, the 80% stuff more often like I'm, I'm implementing a strategy here, moving forward to where I have so much content now that I'm gonna turn it into like little mini lead magnets just like exactly that are not like live events, but it's like, Hey, here's an ebook and a checklist that you can download. And I'm just gonna disseminate those to grow my email lists. Yeah. 10 of those and find which one gives me the best cost. Yeah,

[87:58] Jake: we overcomplicated. Yeah. When you're not focused on when you don't have a clear actionable plan of what you want to achieve. You're going to go in every which way direction spin, you

[91:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a clear actionable plan that you want to achieve.

[92:34] Jake: Yes and no. Okay.

[93:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: The first steps is it's got clear, actionable plan. That vision for where you're going to is going to be a big one. Yep. Not letting FOMO run the show for you fear of missing out. Yeah,

[97:05] Jake: exactly. But it's all the same stuff. It's using different words for things and all of these workshops, these these events and things, any ads you see out there in our space. It's the same thing. It comes down to core principles, essentially. Yeah, yeah.

[101:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Oh, well, it's funny. One of my friends is using my name as an advertisement on YouTube. Oh, that's hilarious. Is

[103:31] Jake: that good or bad? No, I

[103:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: think it's funny. I think it's

[104:48] Jake: so yeah, there's so much oh, this meeting is being live streamed. Okay.

[105:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Now it's yeah, now it's being live streamed out there. So anyways, here's what I'll say, though. For you, I want to think back to what you had said about, like, you feel like almost upset with yourself, like I should have known this type of stuff. That's one thing that if you can learn somehow to find the root of that behavior and not do that anymore. Oh, don't worry. Like you don't beat yourself up for the things that you should have done that you should have known. And you really start to like, encourage yourself more.

[113:00] Jake: I know so I'll hyper hyper so man feedback loop. All hyper obsess over a process to like the entire say like the entire beginning to end of setting up an email marketing campaign, making sure all the triggers are everything is said all the type of copy all the sequences if then if they do these type of situations, thinking about that process, and then taking that to paid ads, social media, all of that. But then it's the little things Ole Miss, and how you're communicating your messaging, how you're consistently saying, that stuff

[121:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: matters way more than

[122:40] Jake: it really does more than the technical stuff.

[123:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And I'll say that for everybody who's here, the nuances of your messaging matter way more than getting the tech stuff perfect. Yeah.

[125:20] Jake: And that's that's the reality when you hyper focus on the tech stuff thinking it's all the the all the technical stuff that makes you successful. No, it's not. It's just talking being yourself and having good messaging. Yeah.

[128:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, Jake, just for the sake of everybody else who's here. Is there a question that we want to address?

[130:44] Jake: Yeah, it was, it was just the how I can overcome not beating myself up and perceptive to listening. For yeah,

[133:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's so there's a great book on this topic. There's two really good books number one, have you ever I liked the Think like a monk by Jay Shetty? No, not really good. It's a really good book. And then, interestingly enough, almost the same topic is called the High Five habit by Mel Robbins. I've heard of Mel Robbins, but I haven't heard of that. But yeah, so you probably you probably would like the Mel Robbins one more like than the Jay Shetty. One, the Jay Shetty, one's a little bit more spiritual than Mel Robbins. One's a little more practical. But they're about the same thing, this idea of really leaning into encouraging yourself spending time with people who encourage you, and paying attention to any sort of like, negative messaging that comes in and this is a practice even with that. When I was working with my therapists, we had this practice that I learned putting up a mental stop sign anytime I either go to beat myself up, get negative, and I put a stop, sign up, have a mental boundary, I'm not going to let my brain go to negativity, you're not going to allow it to become upset. Like I actually have a strict boundary on what I will allow my brain to do and not do and beating myself up is not something that just as I wouldn't go out there and punch my neighbor, you know, it's a boundary that beating myself up is actually something that I had to make a an ultimatum of not doing, not doing in my life not doing in my business. And that changed a lot for me to be able to accept Is that hey, I'm, I'm human, even though I feel like sometimes, especially like, if you've been in the tech world, sometimes you can feel like you're a little bit like superhuman and some of the knowledge that you have, but at the same time, some of the other stuff doesn't come as easier to you. And so it's realizing that we shouldn't we should not be judging ourselves based on what we can comprehend or do and how quickly we can accomplish it. Right. So it's, it's about loving, encouraging yourself speaking to yourself with kindness, versus, versus being harshly critical. Yeah,

[170:20] Jake: there was a deeper lesson in what you just did those two versions of those books, similar ideas, two different versions of books from two different authors with different perspectives. But yeah, talking about the same thing. Yeah, that could give us so much confidence to say somebody may be out there saying similar things that you're saying. But they don't have a unique perspective. That's very true. Yeah, you are unique in that you can bring where it'll resonate more with your target audience than say, a greeting Shreddies book verse Mel so you

[178:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: could shut ease is more like he lived with like a couple Buddhist monks or something. And see, there's a big lesson written from the perspective of but the lessons. So he'll have he applied it as coming from the New York finance world is where he came from, Oh, interesting. And then he went over there. And he's like, okay, these are amazing lessons that nobody in the US is really doing. And I want to I want to disseminate it in a way that the practical person in New York City that lives a fast paced lifestyle can benefit from doing so. So I love that side of it, how he, he takes it and he's like, you know, I'm gonna show you how to think like a monk. But you don't gotta go be a monk, you go, gotta have this religion. But you can actually learn from some of the way that they operate. And that's what I love about really both of the books and then Mel's is more of a current experience learning the school of hard knocks being somebody who and you can tell when she wrote her first book, The Five second rule, incredible book, by the way, the five second rule is about going about shortening the time you take to make decisions. That's what it as soon as you have a spark instinct idea of something to do that benefits your business, go 54321 and either do it or document it to go do later and make a specific time that you're going to execute it. And I thought that that strategy was so good, because it beats procrastination. Yeah. And on the flip side of that, she wrote this other book called The High Five habit all about basically giving yourself a high five in the morning, this idea that no matter what mistakes you make, congratulating yourself as a human being that's having a human experience is doing your very best every single day. Yeah. And so it's from that perspective of self compassion. Congratulating yourself, being your biggest cheerleader when nobody else around you is cheerleading you. Because that's where it's gonna flow from, for you to start to build this stuff. So I hope that that some of that was helpful.

[210:24] Jake: Yeah, and I think it also goes down to Don't ignore those those hunches, those hints of when an idea comes in, don't just write I write them all down, but I just shuffled,

[213:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: not all of them are meant to be acted on right away. But if it's about like something in my business that I had an idea of, that I think is going to benefit my business, and it was more like, I can tell it was instinctual, or intuitive. I have this whole funnel strategy that I came up with this during this past week that I haven't implemented, but I've been kind of testing with another client's business that I'm going to implement in my own business that again, I don't know how it's going to turn out. But I do know that the process of doing it is gonna get me from point A to point B and connect me to point C.

[223:38] Jake: Yeah, how can we be more experienced experimental like that, but in our when it's frightening? Out there, instead of being able to test it on someone? Well, again, there's

[226:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: no such a powerful, I literally have a tape to my keyboard right here. This powerful question right here. It's kind of worn off. But it says, What am I trying to avoid? Ah, yes. And it's asking myself that question is when we're not having an experimentation mindset, when we have this fear, or even when we, gosh, when we beat ourselves up, what am I trying to avoid? happening? Because it's often always a protective mechanism.

[233:58] Jake: Exactly. And that's what I realized. Yeah. And so when

[235:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can actually verbalize and figure out what it is that we're trying to avoid, and that's where the work of a professional counselor a therapist can be so helpful, because they can help pull it out of you. But Jay, come in and give you something really fun. I don't know if I gave it to you the other day. You have a GPT four Right. Yeah. In the group chat, I just posted something. It's a custom GPT that I've been playing around with. And I programmed it based on my methodology that I use sometimes to find deeper hidden questions and problems that I'm dealing with. Nice. And so for instance, like, I'm struggling with beating myself up when I don't take action. And I have fear to have an experimentation mindset in my business to put myself out there, and risk what might happen. And so just that right there, it sounds like you're experiencing a challenging conflict between the party that wants to take action, and the parts is fearful of the unknown. And so I have it using both CBT and internal family systems, to then ask you follow up questions to dive deeper. So the only way it responds is actually by asking you questions to dive deeper. So here's four questions. Can you describe that part of you that feels afraid, explore that critical, that critical part of you, when you don't take action? What does it say? What's its intention? What's its concern? So what I found is just by even playing around with this GPT that I just linked to in the chat, I uncovered breakthroughs myself in the last week, and I use it a couple times a week, in between therapy sessions, it's not a replacement for my therapist, right? But it's like, it helps me kind of bridge the gap between sessions with him. And so that way, whenever I do have a session, it's like, massive breakthrough that I'm having, instead of these more micro changes, because I'm using chat GPT to help me in the in between for the more micro changes. That's awesome. So so that's a GPT, that that basically, if we look at the GPT is prompt, because that's really what the GPT is, I didn't load it up with any like info. But basically, it's a GPT that acts this way. It encourages open discussion about difficult and repressed memories, offering supportive and thoughtful responses. It's careful and always, always ask follow up buttons to identify the pattern to integrate, and begins to guide the user through exploring various parts of their personality. So that was how I strategically told it to start to interact, because that's what I found. I was I was able to do that with just custom instructions now with a GPT. I love that I can literally just open this GPT up and it does that. So Right.

[280:10] Jake: It's a hyper specific use case now. That's awesome.

[281:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. I've been creating a couple of GPUs to the last couple of days, I made one that like, I can paste any Twitter post into it. And it'll like write a response for me. Oh, that's nice. I did another where I can just like spit ball ideas, and it'll craft it as a Facebook post.

[285:58] Jake: Looking at once to deconstruct, like, really popular Twitter posts to understand the framework. So then I can just take that framework. Oh, yeah. Viral tweets myself with different ideas. Yeah, that

[288:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: might take a little bit of trial and error research and going back and forth. And

[290:05] Jake: that's my jam, right? There

[290:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. You might be able to play around with some of these GP tees and do that though. So which is cool. All right. Well, hey, listen, Jake. And I've been having a great time talking. Listen, I know, we got a number of other people here. If you got any questions about anything, whether it be your mindset, your business, the accelerator program, like we mentioned, the accelerator program, enrollment is open until Tuesday, November 21. And so you can find that over at my website. Over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Pretty much everybody who's on here right now is on my email list at some point, so you'll get an email that has the link to this. Somebody did ask a really great question right here. Let's see, she asked privately. So I'm not going to say what her name is. But she says she's seriously considering joining the program working nine to five, don't have time with that job or family responsibilities to do it all? Well, I think most people when they start a business, they kind of are in the same boat, especially in this economy. And so the main reason why you haven't started is because of that. You're talking with your twin sisters, she wants to join the team. They'll do the coaching and content, and she'll do the business side and ads and we've signed up what she'd be able to access everything. Yes. So that is something that I actually from the beginning have set up as part of my program is on a per company basis, not necessarily an agency like like if you run ads for like 20 other people. You can't bring in those 20 Different companies into the accelerator, but like if you and a business partner partner want to jump in, you can use one login and come in and just share what email address you signed up with to join the Facebook group. So we have a number of husband and wife teams in here and there's no additional cost to be able to do that. The reason why I do that is honestly I've seen the value of two person teams And I think that listen, it's going to help you create a testimony faster. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, let's say, I'm a glutton for positive case studies, testimonies and results. My whole mission is helping our students get results. And then if they share them that's documented. And now I get to share those with other people to inspire them. To join us, one of the one of the husband and wife teams that actually did this. With us, it was Ian and Rachel Carol, and they've been able to go from they made six figures, a whole a six figure month, I think about three months after joining three months ago, and then they just wrote me like two weeks ago, they hit a $40,000 month with their coaching using our, our system. And they were, they had really good information, I think, when they started, but they didn't know how to market it. And I remember I did a one on one, like, call with them. Because they were they were curious, they want to do one on one coaching with me or join the group program. And so I did a call with them, and I broke down. Like, the main thing is going to be how you market how you describe and how you communicate your business, and that the snowball effect that I've seen in their business has been incredible. So yes, to answer your question, if you are part of a team, again, there's a there's a, I'm always careful about like abuse, what you reap what you sow kind of a thing, you know, like, if you're somebody who is abusing our money back guarantee, for instance, like we only allow you to use that once if you if you ask for your money back, and then you join again, you don't get a chance to then get your money back a second time that's called abusing the system. If you bring in like 100 people that are on your team, okay, that might be abusing the system. Maybe we can talk about that, or maybe figure out like, what are the what's something that we could work out? We haven't had that yet. We've had maybe like a three and four person team join. And I'm okay with that. Because they're working on the main project of things. And so, but yeah, as far as that goes, I want to help you all succeed. That's my goal. More than anything else. All right. Anybody else? Raise your hand. If you got questions. I'm here for the next 40 minutes to answer your questions. This is an Ask me anything. Live q&a? Let's see if anybody on social media has asked a question doesn't look like it doesn't look like anybody on the Facebook groups that we're streaming into has asked any questions? That's okay. What's up, Cassandra? Hey,

[361:39] Speaker 0: Jerry. Hey, everyone, here my listen. So when we get started? Um, I think what the trouble that I ran into before was I just didn't know the sequence of what was next. I think that was what kind of got me before I was sure about the next thing and the next thing and I had trouble navigating the client out accelerator. I don't know why. But I did. You have a worksheet that says, you know, like, week one, week two, that we're, we're

[372:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: adding that to all the courses, we just added that I think like a week ago to the Flagship courses. So number one, is we have I tell everybody to start with the six steps to six figures course because that's like a sequential do this next thing, and then start to be aware of Okay, where is your stage that you're at? I think for you, it will be building that offer that copy creating some kind of a landing page. And then what we've just added in the last week is checklists that you can follow in the accelerator that have each step, kind of just like step, like mapped out right there that you can look at, and copy that checklists to your own file and use to stay on track yourself. So I think adding in some checklists for the lessons, because kind of the way that the like the lessons are broken down is we have a video content. And you know, if I'm teaching a video content that can be 30 minutes to an hour long, then we have a transcript underneath that inside the program. Then we have like a summary. I think by adding a checklist of what's talked about in each lesson. I think that that's going to help solve some of that not knowing what to do next and staying on track.

[391:19] Speaker 0: Okay, that's really helpful because this is like brand new for me. Yeah.

[393:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the other part of it is just asking more questions i You've asked quite a few questions recently. I know last month you were asking a lot about Black Friday. I think going back to the drawing board about like putting together a an offer. Developing your offer copy and the way I say it is put it together in a Google Doc. So the Google Doc is kind of like the first step you open up a Google Doc and you can To map out the offer copy on one sheet of paper before you even build it on a website. And then once you feel really good about that, and that process can take you anywhere from a day to a week, to get the to get the copy down. And you'll get faster at it, the more often you do it, then we bring it into putting it on a page on a website where people sign up with their name and email address. You scheduling a time to weather weather, I guess you got to decide what are you going to be delivering? You're gonna be delivering an ebook, or we're going to be delivering a pre recorded class or we're gonna be teaching a live class. Do you want to pre record something and have it broadcast live? Kind of like, like that way of doing it? You know? So that's kind of the stage I think where you're at right now. Cassandra?

[413:12] Speaker 0: Yes, absolutely. What are you pre recording it on, you just do a zoom or Facebook Live Are you can

[415:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: pre record in OBS or in zoom.

[416:37] Speaker 0: I'm sorry, aren't familiar with OBS, OBS.

[417:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a video recording software. So like sometimes when I'm doing a webinar, because I want the content to be so fresh, I might add, because I have a 10 month old, I might record it the night before. Okay, and then I'll play it back. And then I'll come on and do the live q&a. And so it's like, it's still fresh. It's live. Nobody's seen it before. It's not like old content. But if let's say like, Okay, I know that I'm not going to have time to go live the next day. And I know that my wife and son need help during that day. That's where I'm going to do it the night before. That way at least I got the content done. So the way that we do that is I use a software called OBS that allows you to this is what OBS looks like basically, OBS is just it allows you to like record video. But the easiest way would be just to use Zoom and record yourself in zoom. And then you can just play that back. So for instance, like right here, this is restream. And in restream, you can go in and you can upload a video file and you can stream it out to people through here now like right now I'm live I'm talking to you live. But that's how you would do that if you wanted to do it that way. Yeah, OBS, OBS, it's free. It's a little more.

[442:12] Speaker 0: What's easier, zoom, uploading zoom seems like it takes a long time. But have they updated them so it doesn't take so long to upload and all that.

[445:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whether you're using OBS or zoom, it's probably going to take a while to upload that has more to do with your internet speed. Oh, anything else?

[447:38] Speaker 0: What about restream? sounds the same? So yeah,

[448:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: restream would still be kind of about the same. I know in restream, you could even I think even in restream, you could probably I think they have a thing where you can pre record something and then you can play it back at a specific time. So there's a couple of ways to do that. One of the things that you'll run into is if you do Preet, because for me, I have a lot of like repeat people that join me on things. And I like that each time somebody joins me, it's not something they've always seen before. You know, it's not like, even if I'm teaching similar content, it's not what I taught a month ago, it's it's not like the same recording as what I taught a month ago. So I try to keep it fresh as far as that goes. But I have no problem. You know, if I recorded it, like the day before or the morning have to kind of be flexible with my schedule. So okay, it's all depends. Sounds

[463:25] Speaker 0: good. Thank you so much. Very helpful.

[463:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. All right. Liz Meyer, what's up, Liz, how are you?

[465:52] WTA Elisabeth Meyer: Doing? Great. Thank you. So I really am heavily considering joining, Mike. My challenge is that I'm a teacher. I work most Monday mornings when you have those trades, the q&a? Or is that something where if I can't be there, I can submit questions to be answered during that time.

[471:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes, you can. Definitely. Yeah, and so that's the other thing too, is there's a number of ways to take advantage of the program. So number one, all of those sessions are recorded we usually get the recording up within 24 to 48 hours. Okay. And those go into a members area. One thing you know, I recommend is like, Don't get caught in the cycle of Oh no, I have to watch all the video content that can kind of be overwhelming as far as that goes. It's best to just like watch whatever was like the previous week. makes content if you're watching that recording things. And then there's a Facebook group where you can throughout the week, post your questions, ask any questions, and I either answer it on the call, or I answer it right there in the Facebook group as well. So there's a number of people where they just watched through the recordings because they are working a nine to five. And they join us by asking their questions in the group. So those are those are a few ways to utilize that.

[488:15] WTA Elisabeth Meyer: And then we still, so when you're workshopping people, or you do those hotseat kind of things, are those always earlier in the day?

[490:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're always early in the day. What do you mean by that?

[491:20] WTA Elisabeth Meyer: Well, I just mean it because you said you have some popup trainings that you have or things like that, too, that you do. Are they always

[493:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: those can be those will be more sporadic. They're not necessarily at a specific time of day. But like posting in the group, you can do that at any time of the day. As far as the Monday calls, those are at 11am. And they we usually go till about 1pm. So they're about two hours long. Some people hop in for the second hour and ask their question, too. And they hop in for like 15 minutes. And one thing that you could do is you can say, hey, for 15 minutes, I got just 15 minutes here, can you take my question real quick? And most of them other members will like, let you skip the line if you got to do that as well.

[504:55] WTA Elisabeth Meyer: Okay, I mean, I guess the main thing I'm asking is that if I if I'm not able to even do that, because like I said, I'm a teacher, I have classes. So, and I can't show up live, but there's something I do need help with that, you know, maybe in real time, would help me with it better than, you know, say, when I was going to the training, so do I have access to you know, talk to you live or somebody like to be able to work through that or is that all everything is just going to be back and forth on Facebook, and whatever it can be recorded on

[514:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: it would be on Facebook, I have one on one coaching, that's $2,000 an hour that I do, that's like understand, as far as in the group program, it's during those times at 11am. On Monday, and then we have once a month we have the ad copyright sessions. Um, a lot of people will find a lot of benefit of posting it inside of the groups though. And then I sometimes respond with a video sometimes I'll ask, if you can share a video, things like that. There's different ways of doing that. For a program, that's $166 a month, I don't have a team that's responding and then there for people that's gonna be with you throughout the day. And at different times to do that. There might be other coaches out there that do offer that the way I've designed the program is to be very lean on the amount of working hours that I work. And that's what I encourage other people to do, because that becomes a lot more sustainable, instead of having to work 50 to 100 hours to build your business. So it's a different approach taken. But, as I mentioned, 11am to 1pm, central time, on Monday. And then we have once a month we have the ad copyright, but then at any time throughout the week, you can post in the group and ask a question that maybe you need a little bit more guidance or clarity on and when is that?

[537:48] WTA Elisabeth Meyer: Sorry. When was when is that actual class the ad copy one? Copy

[539:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: one is the second Thursday of every month? Where we go with that. And that's also at 11am Central time. Okay, okay. All right. So thank you for the time that that is. Yeah. All right. All right. Thank you. Yep. Let's see here. Anybody else have any other questions? Raise your hand. As far as you said, do you do hot seats. So that's on the accelerator calls, we pull you up to ask questions and things like that. So that's, that's why the Hot Seat kind of like this. I mean, this is a hot seat. The other thing too, that we do is as part of the accelerator we do you get access to any of the other q&a that we're doing, such as on any of the webinar days, any of the VIPs that we do, those are free as well. So um

[555:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw Edna. Edna raise your hand What's up, Edna?

[556:52] Edna Iyare: Yeah. I wasn't clear about how the class goes. Is he every Monday of every week or how?

[559:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so There's a little bit more to it than just that. There's a members area that has courses that I've recorded that are on nearly every topic. And so like, for instance, almost kind of back to Liz's question, if you need me to walk you through something for an hour, 99% of the time, there's a course where I actually walk you through that process in a course. And so that's the other thing, too, Liz, as far as that goes, is that if it requires more like walking you through it, as I record those as part of our courses, so that's in the members area, these different courses on sales, marketing, getting clients that's in there, then on Monday, we meet live on Monday, at 11am. Central time. And it's alternating. We alternate where I do a live training. So like this Monday, I'm doing a live training for the first hour. And then and then an hour of q&a after next week, we're going to do two hours of just q&a. Then I do a live training the next week, and then a q&a. Okay, that live training is separate from the classes that I'm also recording, the classes are on specific topics that you have reference to, you do not have to go through every class that's recorded. That's, I've had some people join the program, and leave because they felt an obligation to go through every class. And I never said that you should, in fact, I don't recommend it. I don't recommend that you force yourself to go through every single class in the area, it's better to treat it as more of a library that like if you're really stuck on your Facebook pixel, you go through that if you're really stuck on how do you do a one on one closing, you go through that if you're really stuck on how to put your your Facebook ads together. Now I understand that that might not necessarily work for everybody's learning style. But that's how we've designed it is we have very in depth classes and courses that are in there that go about very specific topics and areas of your business. And then we have the live zoom calls on Mondays at 11am. From 11am, central to 1pm. central time, that's noon, Eastern to 2pm. Eastern, as far as that goes. And then on the first Thursday of every month, we do an ad copy, sales, copy, rewrite call. But every single day of the month, there is a Facebook group that is open, that you can access. And inside of that Facebook group, you're able to post any questions that you might have. And I'm able to answer you inside of this Facebook group at any time, any day of the week. To help you through any area of your business now, you're gonna have to actually show up and ask those questions, you're gonna have to actually use the tools to be able to do that. But if you implement it, and what I tell people to do is get really greedy with asking questions, getting them answered. That can help you go from where you are to where you want to be. Absolutely.

[613:44] Speaker 4: Right. Okay. All right. Yeah.

[614:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that kind of gives you the details. As far as how that goes. The live zoom calls are on the Mondays. I think a big part of the value is is actually the Facebook group itself. Okay, because listen, outside of my accelerator program, everything is the goal is for sales and marketing for me. And so like when somebody's not in my accelerator program, I give really great content, really great teaching. But my goal is to lead up to the fact that there's a whole world of content that is going to take you to the next level by joining the accelerator program. And that's where I think everybody needs to be in inside of their being inside of that community. Being inside of a program like that is going to help you move things forward for you. All right. All right. Thank you. Tracy. Washington. What's up, Tracy? Hi,

[629:26] Speaker 5: Jeremy. How are you?

[629:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you?

[630:05] Speaker 5: I'm good. Question for you. I just got the notification that you were on. And I'm like, Oh, let me just jump on the Zoom. Question about a lead magnet. I'd like to do a coaching program for women, professional women of faith or professional women, not just a fee, but a group coaching program. I wanted to lead with a magnet, a lead magnet, that's a quiz. And in my brain, I'm having trouble connecting the dots. Have I got one at the chat GPT and I asked him to give me questions like 10 questions with a scoring system. But then I want to use a probably a plugin for WordPress or something to do the quiz. And I'll try to figure out what when they get when they get the quiz and they take it and submit it. What does what does that next piece look like I want to do a webinar. So I'm thinking about signing up for a webinar page. So

[647:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've never personally used a quiz for a lot of our marketing, but I've reverse engineered other people's quizzes, I think there are a lot simpler than you may be thinking about it. As far as a scoring system goes, what I've seen is the quiz sort of has a combination of certain questions. And then depending on the combo of answers, they give, there's like one of two or three paths that it gives them a thank you page for. And so most quizzes that I've seen, they really just have like four outcomes at the most, sometimes just two. So then each outcome leads basically says, Here's your response to the quiz. And then there's a next there's always needs to be a next step that you're leading them to, where they're going to disappear into the ether. People are just going to disappear, forget you even exist, and all of that this quiz was great, but it didn't really you know, so that next step now is to either join you on a on a training where you're going to dive deeper into this topic. And by the way, you could literally have four quiz answers, but just one webinar, you all funneled them all into, okay. And so that then the idea is that the quiz is really just it's less to do with the responses that they're getting more of the fact that they went through the quiz. And they took the time to go through it. And now they've qualified themselves much better as ready for your ecosystem, rather than they answered the first question. And they laughed or things like that. So again, Quizzes can be a good lead magnet, but nine times out of 10. They sort of lead to like an ultimate like one to two to three different goals. As far as that goes. If we're talking about like a full on scoring system that can get really complicated. And I don't even understand how to make that work.

[677:37] Speaker 5: Yeah, I, I kind of thought, well, what are people expecting after they take a quiz or expecting a score? That's the only reason why I asked that DPT to give me a scoring system. But like, you know what I mean? Like, what would people expect? After they hit submit? Like, what does that mean?

[681:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: That I one of them that I've seen is a really great one is basically if it's a yes and no quiz. And then you have them add up the total number of like yeses and noes that they did at the end of it. And that kind of determines if they're like, Person number one or person number two. And so like, that's one way that I've seen it is like, the amount of yeses and noes that you give. There's a cool quiz that I took the other day, probably one of the probably one of the coolest ones that I have have taken and I actually cared about it to take it it was oh gosh, Tai Lopez has this quiz. That's all about like your, your marketing personality type. And like, what's the best career to go in? And like so his was? Basically, his is all based on hormones, which is really interesting. It's like, what's your dominant hormone? Is it testosterone is, uh, do you have high testosterone? Or are you more fear driven? Are you more like and so for me it is quiz put was really accurate. It pulled up that I was fairly high testosterone, but because I'm more fear driven, that I'm less of a risk taker than most. But I'm really good at marketing. And I was like, Okay, this is actually really like, clear, if I didn't know that about myself, it was pretty clear and accurate on that. So the whole idea about it was like to kind of figure out oh, yeah, here it is. He calls it the 12, the 12 types. And so, but the 12 types really only have like four types. It's basically four types with like, high, mid, mid and low. And so you take the quiz, you go through it, and it gives you these 12 types of like a career that then he has courses on so I thought that was really cool, is like I came back as marketer, musician, like that area right there. Because that pretty much kind of really is I'm equal parts more of like an artist and a marketer, that I would consider myself that way. A lot of like, what I do is very art driven. And I thought it was really cool and how it was taken. But the back end if it was just a thank you page that basically gives you all the same responses. But you answer these based on like, you know, agree, disagree, and then it bases all of that off that so again, I don't know how the back end of that works. But he was then funneling you into joining his $97 month. And I thought his pricing was really cool too. It was 97 a month to join his coaching program that he was offering. But 300 for the whole year. I thought that was a really cool pricing breakdown tours, like you get the whole year and I like that's kind of smart. So I I've always liked some Tai Lopez's funnels. I actually I, about 10 years ago, I talked to Tai Lopez's funnel builder. And it was so funny, he told me that they were actually reverse engineering, a lot of the funnels we were building for my mom to do a lot of his funnels. And so it's, and I was like, that's kind of cool. So, but that's how anytime I've seen a quiz, the master of quizzes again, like I said, I'm not an expert when it comes to like the quiz stuff. If you want to really learn a lot about quiz, as his name is Ryan love veck. And Ryan le avec uses I borrow techniques from him to our I survey my audience, I asked people what they're wanting, he's built it into this whole, he developed a whole software that allows you it creates the quiz for you and all of this. And so Ryan Lovak. Here's the thing, I'm not afraid as well. They're like refer people to competitors of mine, Ryan Lobeck. And I would be competitors in a way that we really do help people with the kind of the same thing. But he is has mastered this whole like building quizzes thing. And he's got this software called bucket IO that uses chat GPT to do all this, like, develop your quiz and all of that. And so I like I'm impressed by a lot of the stuff that Ryan's put together. I like his books. He's the master when it comes to learning how to do quizzes, or ask method.com. So you go,

[750:33] Speaker 5: I will definitely check that out.

[751:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like I said, I might not have the answer, but I know how to I think I think some of that you'll find the answer.

[752:49] Speaker 5: Yeah, it sounds like it. Thank you so much. Yeah, definitely, definitely.

[753:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, that's a little something I'd encourage you all in as a coach and mentor. You don't need to have all the answers, but it is helpful to know how to direct people to the answer they're looking for. And that's something that I like when you lay down the need to be the one that has to have the answer. You can actually direct people to somebody that does have an a good coach doesn't need to have all the answers. That's why, like, figure out what you know, best lean into that. And then share other resources and things that people are looking for as well that maybe you're not an expert in. So it looks like you raise your hand again. I don't know what's going

[764:46] Jake: on. Yeah,

[765:10] Edna Iyare: I wanted to download chart GPT. I was thinking I remember the other day you said in the chat GPT. Four is the best and then we should go for the I mean, the paid one. I don't know why, which one we're talking about.

[768:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, GPT plus is what you're doing that it's so it's really kind of unfortunate this past week, they put a pause on new GPT Plus account signing up. And so the second alternative, I just found out, the CEO of this company is on the board of open AI so poll.com it's also $20 A month poll.com, you can sign up@poll.com. And this also gives you access to GPT four as well. And, and I'm a big fan of using that this week, if you want to use that. I think they're going to open up enrollment to GPT four again. But polka.com is a great resource as far as being able to use GPT, four inside of here. And they have a number of different language models as well that you can use for your body

[781:51] Edna Iyare: to fall it was it's kind of open boats with payments done.

[783:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: What Yeah,

[783:48] Edna Iyare: the deputy for I saw it's open. But okay, well, maybe they didn't

[785:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: open it back up. So you just you create an account at chat dot open ai.com And then you can upgrade your plan to $20 a month right here.

[787:48] Edna Iyare: Okay, okay. Chats open. And

[788:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, the new version that they're giving you a chat GPT is so cool. Okay, one of my favorite functions is this GPS function. Okay, so I've been playing around with a few of them that one of them's like for sales copy, I did this one. That's like a video game that I created inside of chat GPT this one writes my podcast titles and so what it is, is you can create it by telling it like how you want GPT to respond and it will literally put together this little version of chat GPT for you that responds in a certain way. Okay, which is really cool, or else you have like the main chat GPT that's kind of Yeah, everything. But yeah, you want to definitely use GPT four, not 3.5. Okay, and the reason why is 3.5 is just not as accurate when it comes to the outputs and the responses that they give you. Okay? So, again, the fact that the founder, what eight years, they've been building chat GPT. And now like, the two main guys have just been fired and left the company was today, chat CBT is still the best app out there. But I have a feeling in the next year or so, chat GPT might go the way of MySpace. And whatever another platform might pop up as better than chat GPT. But as of today, GPT four is the best one to use. It's just above and beyond anything else that you can use. It's out there. There's billions of dollars being invested into this world of AI and stuff like that. And so it's an ever changing marketplace. It really is.

[817:47] Edna Iyare: Okay,

[817:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. All right. Thank you. Yep. Catherine, what's going on? Catherine?

[819:57] Speaker 6: First of all, thank you so much for these five, training sessions. I've have learned tons, a lot. And the thing is that, to be honest, I'm starting my business, that's not a coaching business. But still, like, I'm going to use all of these things that you have to ask, especially to, you know, launch my company, business, you know, deal, packaging. So, you know, finding property deals for investors. So, yeah, so I'm just trying to, interestingly

[828:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: enough, you could definitely sort of package it, like, a like a hybrid of coaching with a goal of using it to find people that want to do deals, you could totally do that, too.

[832:49] Speaker 6: Yes, that's what I'm thinking of perhaps having like a free offer, or like an elearning course or something. And then kind of like, just start with that, or something like that. But my question is two questions. So first of all, I'm struggling with this video. Like, you know, I'm just creating video content. Oh, I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know how to start because I'm quite shy normally, like showing my face and stuff. Yeah, gotcha.

[840:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I used to talk a lot about that for a long time I stopped until somebody kind of brings it up, it's definitely an important thing to learn and explore. The way like I would I would just encourage is a, it's we have a, we live in a really great time where you could just record your voice. And then there's tools now that they can add visuals with AI to your voice, which is really cool. So there's some tools that you can use that can do that. The second part of it is, and I guess here's my question, is it more is more like asking you permission? Would you be willing to grow like become more confident and showing your face? Is that something that you want to do?

[854:07] Speaker 6: I'm not really I'm thinking of perhaps having someone else should be the face of my company or something like that. But I just am not really.

[856:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you find somebody else to be the face of your company,

[857:38] Speaker 6: but that's quite

[858:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: an I've been very effective at doing that, because I built companies where somebody else was the face of it. Because I didn't like to show my face. I mean, that was literally for like, the first half of my career was me, not on camera at all. But like a lot of my strategies, were helping another person that was the face of it, they have to be fully invested in the into your business, they need to be fully into the things and generally you'll find somebody who has like less of a marketing skill, but they're really good at speaking, communicating and teaching and stuff like that. And so that's great to do that, you'll just want to make sure to do it as like a partnership to where you both own the thing. And you'll want to set up some contingencies to just protect yourself to where, like, if they decide to leave, like you take full ownership of the company and stuff like that, especially if you're the one that founded it. As far as that goes. The flip side of that is I would say we do live in a very social world where people connect with people in their face all the time and learn the more you do put yourself out there with your face, the more comfortable you can get at it because I used to be really uncomfortable about it. Again, if you don't want to do that, I'm gonna force you to do something you don't want to do. I'm not really the type that does that. But I will say, you will generally be more successful when you do show your face and things, especially when it comes to deals and things like that as long as even if somebody can just see a picture, and they know you're a real person, I mean, that goes a long way to

[885:05] Speaker 6: Okay. Yeah, I think I can do that instead, then, or, like, you know, what you said before, like, you know, having perhaps like, video generated some the voice voice over,

[888:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a concept of the nameless, faceless business, but that only works in a few niches. And it's really like more like for affiliate marketing and, and a couple of niches that have to do with like, they're more information driven, when it comes to what you're talking about, like, doing deals and stuff like that. At least using a photograph of yourself will work just fine. Because as I'm talking to you right now, I mean, you have a, I'll say this, your voice is great. You're, you have a great voice, easy to listen to, you know, I can listen to you for hours on audio. And so as far as that goes, like, you don't need to change anything about about yourself, show up in the way that you feel most confident. And you can definitely make it work. In my experience in 2024, not showing your face at all is a bit more challenging. But

[903:46] Speaker 0: yeah, you can make it work.

[904:25] Speaker 6: Yeah, okay. Well, I think that that was it really, um, I was trying to just get advice on what to do, you know, actually the video because I think I'll just kind of like build my confidence up with that, like, start with just voice overs. And

[908:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing that I did that helped me feel better on camera was I recorded a bunch of videos of myself and that I never put anywhere I just recorded them just to feel more comfortable on camera, just to kind of grow in that exercise. Yeah, you know, so there's a couple of different couple of different things that you can do. Gosh, I remember now, I don't drink alcohol anymore. But when I first started my podcast, I'll tell you the first three episodes of the podcast, I had like three shots of tequila before I did it. So you're gonna go back and watch those now and realize that honestly, like, I'm way more relaxed now without any substances than I ever was a couple of years ago. But and honestly, that was that was working through therapy for me. Yeah. But, yeah, I mean, you can, you can definitely do it. I think people do want to connect with a real person, oftentimes when they do business, especially when the price ticket is so high. So learning to show up in that way does have benefits to it.

[925:20] Speaker 6: Yeah. And dry a quick question as well. Do you know any video like generation generating apps, or like animation apps? That could be a benefit of?

[929:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so there's one called Opus Pro. This one, I think, Opus Pro, let me see it takes. It takes video content, and it turns it into it. Oh, yeah. This has AI B roll generation. I also know there is captions that AI, I think has some features like that. And there might be a few others that are out there. I haven't fully researched them. But I know that they're popping up on the scene. As far as that goes, the other thing that you can do is like generating images and chat GPT you can use that to help you as well.

[940:06] Speaker 6: Yeah. So all right. All right. Thank you.

[940:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Ed, what's up, Ed? How are you?

[942:10] Speaker 7: Good. I'm starting to unmute myself. Hi, there. Good. Good. Okay, a couple questions. First, like with email marketing stuff, you know, you have to there's a lot of talk about creating the funnel and things like that. So I know you and your program you use like MailChimp Right? Or something? Yeah,

[948:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I mean, you can use any email software you want to but yes, I use MailChimp. Um,

[950:18] Speaker 7: if we use something different, then if we run into problems with it, then is it going to be harder because we're not using the same system as you kind of

[952:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: it can be but most of the technology systems that are out there, there's usually like 20 to 30 YouTubers that have made tutorials on how to use a lot of those email software's. And so that's why that's one of the first place I recommend to go to like if you're stuck using a piece of software is going to YouTube and finding that out. I use a very simple approach, not complex when it comes to email me Marketing, to where I don't, I don't build out a lot of complex autoresponder series, I more just stay like, whatever we have that's happening actively right now is what I email the people and what I send out, versus like a lot of like, okay, we pre planned out like this 30 email series, you can do that, um, I've just never really done it that way. And we've had a lot of success just by more just sending broadcasts out, or if we have an event like the last week, we did the five day, we'll schedule the like, hey, there's an hour before we go live. And all those will pre scheduled, though is but beyond that, I don't try to add too much complexity to what I do. I'm very much lean when it comes to the amount of hours and complexity that I try to spend on everything.

[973:17] Speaker 7: So your philosophy is, is get him in the webinar, or get him in the workshop, instead of like some people are teaching to build a list. And then just keep sending emails list over and over again. And you know, and hope

[976:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why do both because the because I build the list, but the list is what people that have registered for some piece of content with me. But they might not have consumed that piece of content. So then I keep sending them additional pieces of content that are relevant to like, what their, what they care about. But my goal is having some form of content that's going to solve a problem and immediate quick win for people. And that can be in the form of a webinar that could be in the form of a short video on my social media, my YouTube, that could be in the form of a blog post. And then it's all about building the, the idea of knowing me, they like me, they trust me, that whole process right there. And that the ultimate belief is that the best way for people to work with me is to join the accelerator program when we open the doors to that. And so all of the activities that I do lead with the focus of getting people into my accelerator program, while I'm simultaneously helping solve problems. And so a lot of times, there's some crossover in the content that I share between the accelerator and what is free that I give away. But generally, what I give away that's free is usually always geared towards people that are starting out. People that are looking to take the idea they have a coaching or course business and start to move that ball forward. Because then if I can get people kind of getting that ball forward, making their copy, coming up with ideas for what they want to teach now it's like, Okay, jump into my accelerator, and let's work together to actually get you sales, optimize your process, and let's work together for the next year to make things start to work for you. Because the first time out that you put an offer out there, it may not convert to sales that that the way that we hope it will. And so there's always room to optimize that there's always room to make an improve the amount of sales. And it could come from changing your copy your language and the follow up everything like that. So that would be like, if I was to break down my philosophy. It's all about building trust with people in in working with me in the accelerator.

[1017:36] Speaker 7: Thank you for sure. Yeah.

[1018:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so the different tools that we use to build that trust can look different. They can be emails, blog posts. I'm gonna be adding in some ebooks and checklists even. But my idea is then yes, I want to get people on to certain webinars that I'm doing because then that's where they can. Because a lot of my content in the accelerator is video based. By getting people on webinars, they're experiencing what the accelerators like before they get to go into it. So all my video content is sort of like a test drive before you buy type experience.

[1027:17] Speaker 7: Makes sense? Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Thanks for right. Yeah.

[1028:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cassandra, what's going on?

[1031:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sondra? Yeah,

[1031:49] Speaker 0: I was just thinking, when Catherine was talking about being a little shy. I happen to be watching a webinar this week. And the person didn't show their face at all. They had a nice voice. Right. Catherine has a nice voice.

[1035:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I know. I've seen him. Yeah, I've seen those webinars. You're right. Yeah. And so

[1036:32] Speaker 0: the lady did what you said she only showed, you know, and she tells me this is who I am. They showed a picture. Photo. Yeah, that creates that connection. There you go. Yeah, yeah. And then she showed a few pictures with her and Okay. Um, we met a few friends, I don't know if they were friends or people should coach. But she just showed a few pictures. All throughout, you know about different things, some of it related to the product she was talking about. But it was really good. I mean, I didn't have any problems with the fact that I didn't see her face the whole way through, because I've seen some webinars where you see their face, you know, in a little screen. And yeah, the words and so it was great. So I was just commenting because I was thinking about that myself, even though I don't mind talking on screen. But

[1049:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I do find a little bit. It works both ways now. And that's where like, you do want to be, you do want to be making a connection and really flow really well through the content and what you're saying and things like that. But yes, you don't need to be on camera to sell. I find I find I I prefer showing my face.

[1057:06] Speaker 0: I'm glad you do to make

[1057:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that connection with people. Um,

[1058:57] Speaker 0: but yeah,

[1059:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's different ways to do it for everybody.

[1059:54] Speaker 0: We will tell you that, Jeremiah, what's your look why he was just like you. Because my clothes you put up and you? You were holding him, which is you and him.

[1063:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: He's my little clone. He is your mini me? Oh my gosh, yeah, my wife. We were convinced he was going to look like her. And then an exact replica of me comes out. She's like, it's funny. Um, and she was like, I'm glad she was joking. Obviously. We want we actually want to, we'd like to have a daughter, but she's like, gosh, if he was a girl, I feel like I was holding your mom. It was it was funny. So but yeah, now this is this is Halston. Those y'all that?

[1073:29] Speaker 0: The only reason I mentioned it, because I was thinking about when you said be on video, I was thinking maybe that's a great way to kind of introduce myself do a one hour 45 minute video and kind of talk about what I offer. And yeah, what what webinar tool do you recommend or, or just again,

[1079:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like using Zoom. But there's a few others that I know are probably the best two that I there's a there's a few that are out there, they all kind of do similar stuff. One of them is called Easy webinar. I know a lot of people really like easy webinar, because of the features that it has. And this and this could do both live and pre recorded. And then another one would be webinar fuel. And I've used webinar fuel. It has all the auto responder stuff built in and everything like that to automate your webinar. This one's mostly for pre recorded automated stuff. And it kind of works like it's a Zoom Room, but it's all pre recorded. So those are some tools for that. But if you're going to do it more like a live thing, Zoom is a great way to do that. And zoom does have a feature now. If you use their their zoom events mode, and I'm going to be testing it here soon, you can record a training in zoom, and then play it back at a certain time in zoom. And it's all in full. That's kind of cool as far as that goes. But it's all about just some way for people. Listen, you want to know the easiest way to host a webinar? Yes, YouTube, you literally just say I'm gonna go live on YouTube at this time, and then you put the video link, and you send that video link out to people at a certain time. So like sometimes don't overcomplicate it, we could keep it real simple.

[1102:23] Speaker 0: Well, listen, I love those little one minute video, zoom. I wouldn't think problems that reels. Yeah, I love is that a good way to introduce yourself to people too, because I do like those? Well,

[1106:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: those would be more like organic pieces of content in the coaching business, it can be somewhat difficult to use organic content like that, okay, or your business. But using YouTube to have a presentation or webinar or a training is a great thing to do. That's why I simulcast everything to YouTube, because we have a lot of people that like to watch the recording on YouTube as well.

[1113:54] Speaker 0: Okay, so you have something to tell you how to do YouTube or I can just I just look onto YouTube how to do a YouTube presentation.

[1116:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in the in using restream you can go live through restream on a number of different platforms you want to go live on Facebook and YouTube. In the accelerator, there's a course called automated marketing secrets where I break down on how to automate different types of recordings across different platforms. Okay,

[1121:40] Speaker 0: that sounds good. Yeah, cuz I was trying to figure out what I would do.

[1122:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: But again, there's a huge benefit to using live, or what I call is like, like Justin timeline live towards like I recorded the content, like the day before. And then I broadcast it then because it's fresh, its original. I can go based on the questions that came in the previous day. So oftentimes, I'm reading all the questions that are coming in. And then if I record something, I'm going to take those questions, even if it's pre recorded, the reason why I do it, like very close to the time that it's live. Number one, I'm a lot more confident if I'm recording a piece of content. And so that helps me organize my thoughts better. And then number two, I'll answer the questions that had just come in. So it's fresh to what people are actually asking. But that is also why I have a, like bonus live q&a sessions that I do with people. So for instance, the five day that we just did some of those sessions, I had recorded them the night before. And then I played them back. And then I hopped on immediately after for the q&a live, so Oh,

[1143:17] Speaker 0: so that's why you weren't able to questions.

[1144:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: While the other thing too, though, is if I'm reading those questions live, it's going to distract me from what I'm actually teaching. And I mean, this. It's best for me to not be answering people's questions while I'm teaching a live training. So even when I do teach live, I closed the questions completely. Okay. Okay. Let me see. Yeah. So even then, you wouldn't necessarily know which, which one is which, simply because I do not even when I am live, I don't read any of the questions at the time of it. Because it completely will distract me off track from what I'm going to be sharing. So to deliver a much more quality presentation to people. I have to sort of have a boundary on not getting distracted by certain things coming in.

[1158:25] Speaker 0: Okay, so the Facebook Live. So we just started out probably this a Facebook Live would be fine.

[1160:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, starting with a Facebook Live would even be fine. Yep.

[1161:23] Speaker 0: And just do it in the group versus

[1162:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you if you use a tool like restream, again, restream lets you you could take a video file, upload it into restream. And then you can have a play it back in the Facebook group as far as that goes as well. So there's a few different ways to do that, whether you're doing it live or you're doing something that is recorded. There's a lot of different methodologies to doing that. One thing that I will say, though, is like, I take the TV broadcast approach, if I've never broadcast it to anybody before, it's the first time it's ever been out there. It's a live broadcast. I don't like when I see people reusing like the same recording that they did the month before. Because generally, I try to keep it fresh with people. Which is why I don't necessarily do a full on evergreen approach. We've tried evergreen, where we run the same recording, we did this with Rick Pino and the sales were like 80% less. And so keep that in mind is that if you go out there, and it's just like, Hey, watch it anytime the sales are actually decreased by that and people like, especially if it's the same recording that they watched like a week prior. Some people they feel bait and switched by that like, oh my gosh, I already saw this same training a week ago, and they feel like you're wasting their time. And so I know the way that I do it, I've never had anybody telling me they feel like they see them wasting their time because it's never the same piece of content. So,

[1187:03] Speaker 0: okay. So, since I still get right here, um, I really want to try to get something ready by Christmas or like, you know, like maybe a few days before Christmas. That's why I was wanting to just do a four week training because I figured if I kept it short and sweet I just feel like I want to get off the pot, you know what I'm saying and just get done I feel that so that so? So to make it the quickest way to do that. So maybe you start with a webinar or evil.

[1197:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Will you start with Yeah, some kind of you want to figure out what are you going to sell the four week thing. you map out what that is and Then you host some kind of a live training. Or you could do two live trainings, where you you host a webinar and you tell people about that thing that you're selling. Now, in our accelerator, there's a course called successful webinars and challenges, where I break down the nuance of what do you say at each stage of your webinar. And so, we had talked about this yesterday, in the beginning of the webinar, you want to talk about the vision casting, in the middle is the practical aspect of what you're teaching. And then you go into your sales pitch at the very end of it. And that formula works really well. It's been, it's consistently if you watch, I watch other people's webinars often, and that's a good practice to do watch my webinars, watch other people's webinars and how they do them. People that are successful, it's better to watch webinars of people that are successful, not people that are struggling to be successful, because they've dialed in their system. And you'll notice, every successful person when they do a webinar has some formula like that, where like the first third of it is vision casting, what's possible, they're painting a picture, the middle part has kind of the nuts and bolts and then at the very end, they go into selling you what their thing is. Now it's funny is some people groan at that approach. They're like, Ah, I don't want to do one of those things. But it's like, it's, it's very effective. It works better than trying the other approach because I used to be the one that groaned at how webinars were, I used to, like grown at like this approach, like, Oh, they're just trying to sell me something. But the thing is, is like there's a reason why webinars follow that formula. And so so what I've determined is, okay, if I'm going to do a webinar, I'm going to follow that formula. And I'm going to do a challenge, I'm going to follow that formula. If I want to just share my heart, that's going to be a separate Facebook Live or a podcast, where I'm more just sharing my heart with people versus it has an intention of I'm leading you to buy a program.

[1233:24] Speaker 0: So, okay, yeah. All right. That's what I worked on in. Awesome.

[1234:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: These are all really great questions, too. I really, I really just appreciate everybody who's who's been here today. That's joined us here with these questions. So thank you for being here. We're going to be doing another open everybody bonus live q&a On Tuesday, November 21. And so same time, one o'clock, on Tuesday, November 21 o'clock central time, two o'clock Eastern. You'll get the email with it as well on Tuesday, put it in your calendar market, and I hopefully I'll see a number y'all on there as well. And we'll talk then, have a good one.

