Day 2 - Build & Launch Your Profitable Group Mentorship
Date: 2023-09-26T04:53:36.000Z
Duration: 75 min
Otter ID: GHzkVMzSD2RE-yYkrR639ewwESY
---

[157:33] Speaker 0: What is up everybody? Welcome welcome. Welcome to day number two. Man. I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited for those of you that spent the first day with us and you're back here today. This is incredible. It's my honor to have you here. For those of you that were in our VIP yesterday, welcome back. VIPs. How's the VIP? The VIP was awesome. It was like taking what we had talked about in the main session, and diving deeper into the topics, all about the mechanisms of putting your business together and and what do we need to do for our funnels and our and our functionality? How do we do partnerships? And what about impostor syndrome? What about different types of coaching businesses in different niches, everything from grief counseling to sex and relationship coaching, so you name it, we had an incredible time in the back with our VIP. And so what I've decided to do, and I don't normally do this, because I, when I say that I'm closing the doors to something, it's important to make sure that I actually follow through with what I'm saying, or, you know, I become less trustworthy. But there are are times where I will extend something and I just did that with our VIP, I'm actually extending the early bird discount price until Thursday, for you Thursday, September 28 27 bucks to get access to the VIP, you'll get the recordings of all the main sessions, you'll get the recordings of the VIP experience, you'll also be able to ask me questions in the backstage pass, we still got four more days of that you'll be able to work with the people that are in there and experience it, get your questions answered, as well as the bonus trainings that are in there. And so it's an incredible deal. I'm extending that discount until Thursday, September 28, for the $27 instead of raising it right now, just so that a few of you who've written me and said, Hey, I want to join, but I can't until Wednesday. There you go. So, all right. Now listen, I'm thankful that you're here, I'm thankful that you joined us yesterday, was incredible, we broke down the mindset, the limiting beliefs that we have with our coaching. Now it's time to get into the nitty gritty nuts and bolts. And I think that that's why you're all here is for the nuts and bolts of exactly how to put everything together, what platforms to use, how to structure your offer, how to make everything fit together, so that it actually works. My commitment to you as this is that by the end of this five days, you're going to have a very clear blueprint of exactly what to do in your business to get results. Okay? And not just results for you, but also results for your clients. How do you deliver an incredible experience to your clients? How do you serve them? Well, while only working five to 10 hours a week, we're going to be covering all of that, again, my wife and I were blessed to where I only have to work 10, maybe 15 hours a week. And we have a seven figure business. And we have an incredible team that helps us that works with us to be able to do that. And that's something that we also provide to those that are in our client growth accelerator group coaching programs, we actually have an authorized vendors and team members. Basically, it's a list of different contractors in the United States as well as overseas. So you kind of got like overseas prices can be under $10 an hour in the US, you're looking at over 30 to $40 an hour, starting just different price points for different tasks, we give you a list of people that we recommend to check out that can do different roles and tasks in your business. And we offer that to people that are part of our accelerator program. These are people that have gone through our vetting that have gone through our process that understand how things work, they don't work for us. So we don't have an agency. It's just a it's just a list of people, though, that I would say, hey, reach out to these people first, if you want them to help you put stuff together. I think that that's one of the incredible values of the program is that we have a complete package. Again, the doors to my client growth accelerator programs, I'm just gonna pull this up right now are not open. We're not taking enrollment, we're not taking new members right now. But you can get on the waiting list. And and I would encourage you if you're looking for a community of mentors, coaches and trainers that are going to that level that you want to get to, as well as the access to the resources, the support, have access to me to go over your offers your ads, your copy, to come alongside you and actually build your business with you over the next year. That's what the accelerator program is. That's how you get access to be able to work with me, as well as the people that we work with to be able to build your business. Okay, and so, join the waiting list. We don't When we're going to be opening the doors to this, but we take a look at how many people join the waiting list to decide when to actually open the doors. And so put your name down on the waiting list for the client growth accelerator program. And with the program, you get access to be able to ask me questions, we got live trainings, we have an entire library that you can look at right here on this page of different courses and trainings and resources that teach you and train you on every single aspect of your business, we just launched a brand new course, all about MailChimp, and all about how to run a team and hire staff and things like that. And so this program is a complete package for mentors and coaches to be able to get the results that they're looking for in their business, okay, as a mentor, and coach, as a trainer, as a thought leader, as an author, as somebody who's looking to build your brand, and you have information, but you want to mentor people and you want to help solve a problem for them by selling your frameworks and your knowledge, realize that there are certain challenges that come into place, one of those being you're not going to please everybody, you're not going to make everybody happy. And one of those is the fact that like, there's some really mean people that are out there, okay, you could do all the right things in your business, you can have an incredible offer. And people will still get angry with you, because maybe you said something the wrong way on your free video, or they're pre judging you as one of those people that has one of those businesses, you know, there was actually a Netflix special. And it was all about the fact that coaching businesses are essentially a scam. And the problem is behind it is I have to agree with what their assessment was. Because if I look at most of the mentoring and coaching businesses that are out there, there's few that are not this, I believe that our program is one of the few that are not this, but many of them do not provide actual client results, they don't actually provide people with what their promises are. And they're really good at selling a dream without actually fulfilling it. And so I think one of the most important things that you can do as a mentor and coach is to produce results for your clients. On the side note to that, though, I want to encourage you, you don't need to be a certified expert to be able to do that. And impostor syndrome is this thing that sometimes gets in the way of us putting ourselves out there, I actually have this belief that if you're experiencing impostor syndrome, as a mentor, or as a coach, that's just your integrity. at play, that's just you wanting to be somebody that offers something of excellence, that's world class to people, I find that actually the best coaches feel a sense of imposter syndrome, even when they have a track record, even myself, I know there are things that I need to learn things that I need to grow in, need to get better at. But I want to provide you with the exact resources that you need to be successful. And so let's flip that for you. As a mentor, and as a coach, it's important to be able to not just sell to people but to produce results. On the flip side of that, though, I believe that sales and marketing is the most important thing that you can do in your business. And what we have to do is we have to sell the dream outcome. This is this is key. And this is where most amateur mentors and coaches go wrong, is they're not selling the dream outcome that the client wants the ultimate end outcome result that somebody wants to get to.

[305:46] Speaker 0: Because there's so much competition in the coaching space. There's a lot of great mentors out there. How do you cut through the noise on social media, and actually get clients where you have to actually promise something that is of significant value to people. And you can create mechanisms where people in the marketplace are actually telling you what those things are. The problem is this is that we can get caught up in our head with our imposter syndrome, our fears, our worries, our hesitation, and we're not willing to experiment and see is this a good fit? Is this a good offer? Just to try it out just to see what happens. The mentors and coaches that are willing to experiment to test things out to see is this going to connect with the right people? is the language that I'm using actually resonating with people. And there's a process of doing this with AI that I'm going to walk you through here today on how we actually use artificial intelligence to do this, when you can learn the exact words that describe the outcome you produce, who it's for, and you handle any sort of objections or questions that people have, you can laser in on the exact people that you're looking for in your business, using Facebook ads, Instagram ads, and even social media content. The problem that most mentors and coaches make is they're trying to be way too generic. They're trying to reach way too many people. They're trying to get everybody to buy into them that maybe you you see famous names like Tony Robbins, or Dean Grazi, OC, or Amy Porterfield. Again, these are some good names of people that have great content in their specific lane of things. They also have some things they could be doing better. We have a lot of people that have gone through their trainings, they come through our training, and they say, okay, Jeremiah, you actually gave me the nitty gritty, step by step that I needed to be able to implement it. And those people who had previously struggled to make six figures, I'm just thinking back to, to some of the clients that we have that have told us this, that they struggled to actually make it work for them. And then kinda like, Angela, she's one of the clients that we worked with her first campaign, she spent 500 bucks on ads made $5,000 Following our system, when she had been trying to do with all these other gurus and coaches and said to do, and it all boiled down to simplifying things, down to the funnel that we teach you how to do that's most effective. So that's what I want to break down for you right now is how that framework and how that funnel actually works. It's important that you actually understand how you get clients, before we can actually start to get those clients and sell to them. And I'm going to break that down for you here real quick. But I want to tell you this, there is a common mistake that I see that a lot of mentors and coaches make. Remember, I started today with saying this, I believe that you have to produce impact, you have to produce results. Yet, I believe that while impact is a top priority, your cash flow, getting new sales, getting paying clients, people that are paying you money, is the most important aspect of your business and where you should be putting 80% of your energy and focus. When you can systematize things, you can run your coaching program on less than five hours a week. And then the other five to 10 hours you spend building out your sales and marketing processes and systematizing it so that it starts to run itself. And this is what we have going on in our business. This is what we've experienced with our clients is being able to systematize a sales and marketing process that allows you to get 1020 30 new coaching or mentorship clients in your mentorship business and in your program as quickly as possible. There's something that has to happen for people to become a client of yours, okay. And what that is, is people need to trust you. The only reason somebody becomes a client of yours pays you money is because they trust. I want you to hear how I'm going to break this down. Because how I'm about to say this is very important for you to really grasp and put into your mind and into your heart and really start to it's going to affect how you think what I'm about to say, Okay? Because it goes against what you are going to hear as common wisdom. But it's the number one thing that I think that sets apart our clients and what makes them the most amount of money. There are people that are out there right now, on social media. They're scrolling their phone, they're looking at Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce videos, they're looking at cat videos, they're looking at whatever comes across their algorithm. And if you don't understand how the algorithms work, just a little brief piece on that. They are actually driven by artificial intelligence. You know, AI didn't just pop on the Seen in December, our social media platforms on our cell phones are actually built on artificial intelligence. They're actually built on AI, connecting with people, and showing people the most relevant content at the best moment in time for it to pop up in front of them. And so what you can do is when you can actually tap into those algorithms, you can get your coaching program in front of the right people at the right time. Okay? What your goal though is, is this, if you don't have trust, you won't get a sale. So your job. And what I'm going to teach you how to do here during these five days, is to create a funnel. And an offer strategy. When you follow the best offer strategy, I believe is the one that we use in our business, where we host live video trainings, where we host five day events like this, to where we're actually providing a ton of value to people, where we're actually showing and demonstrating our system to you. But we're also telling you about our program that we have I've told you, I told you at the beginning here about the accelerator, I told you to join the waiting list. I'm not even trying to cleverly disguise the fact that I think that all of you should jump into our client or accelerator program. I think it's a great fit for you. If you're here today, if you're watching this, and you want to actually get results in your business and you want me to help you work with you. And you might say how can you possibly provide that much value to so many people in a mentorship program, we've structured it that way to where I actually can provide you an extreme amount of hands on value that I'm in there every single day answering people's questions and working with you to get results in your business. Okay. Your goal, I'm gonna get to what I wanted to say this is the paradigm shift in your funnel in your offer. The goal is to take the people that are out there on social media that you don't know yet that you haven't met yet complete strangers. And you're able to build trust from ground zero with them, they have no trust in you. And you are able to effectively when you create the right offer system and the right funnel, build trust with those people in one thing that if they pay you money to join your program, your mentorship program, it will deliver the result that they want, and there and they will get closer to their dream outcome by working with you instead of somebody else. And listen, you might have competitors out there that may even have better systems, better coaching, better training, but when you can learn how to be what I call a trained assassin, salesperson. You know, when I think of that, I actually think of one of my favorite video games Zelda right here, this character with the sword that's on the horse, a trained warrior salesperson that can go out and

[462:48] Speaker 0: close sales at scale, get 1020 30 people becoming your clients in one sitting in one, one, presentation, one training. So your goal and your mission is to find the right people. Because not everybody is going to I mean you can't build trust with everybody. And you can build trust with the wrong people but they won't buy from you. Okay? So you want to find the right people with your offer. With your funnel that you can build trust with and your your mission is that they believe that you're going to get them closer to their dream outcome better than anybody else. And I know that that might challenge your your sense of self esteem or self belief. You might say well I'm not better than other people I'm not I'm not the best that's out there. I I feel like you know, there's others that are better than me. I'm not quite sure if I'm you know, I'm good enough right? I have everything perfect enough to be able to claim to do that, here's what I'm going to tell you. For the people who resonate with you, you are the best fit for them to work with. And so I want you to start to own that, and start to believe that you are the best fit for people to work with, in your business for them to get results. I believe that I am for those that are on any of the trainings that we do the best fit to help people get results. And so your goal is to build trust in you as a mentor. That's key. And by the way, when you don't trust yourself, it's hard to get other people to trust you, one of the biggest things that you can do is trust yourself, start to keep the promises that you make to yourself, start to do more of the things that you say you're going to do start to operate within your values more again, I'm not saying that you're not. But I am saying to start to if you're not to start to start to embody the result that you produce for people. So when people see you, they think about oh, wow, that's the person that can get me the results that I'm looking for. And that's where you step into being an authority in your business and in your marketplace. So the mechanisms that we use to build trust, the funnel that we use as a two step, framework, step number one is you have a free lead magnet or landing page or opt in offer, okay? So this is where people or this could also be low cost, it can be anywhere from seven to $47. And I'm talking with my mom about doing a $47 because I consult her in her stocks business, a $47 Mini class that has a $47 ticket to join it. And then the goal is to get those people to join her $177 A month $2,000 A year, mentorship and coaching program. And so at this level, and if you're just starting out, I would not recommend charging for this offer. If you're just starting out. If you don't have an email list, if you don't have clients, basically banging down your door to become a client like we have, like my mom has, I would not actually charge for this offer, I would just keep running a free offer to start to validate. But I would have a paid V I P upgrade. And I think that this is important to have. And I would just make it be $7. For most of you, Seven Bucks is cheap enough that people can find the money to be able to pay for it to get access to ask you questions to get access to any sort of bonuses. And so what do you do with this free offer? It's a mechanism for building trust with people that you're the best fit to work with that they can work with you to get results. It's the process that we use to do this, and what do you give away for free. You can either do like a like a like an hour long training on video. One afternoon, you could send people an e book, you could do a five day experience, you could do four weeks in a row every Tuesday for four weeks. These are different options that I've seen people do, where they'll do a four week session, they'll do a five day in a row, they'll do a a one afternoon thing. But essentially, it's some kind of a a class or a course or a program that you're giving away for free. And this isn't to devalue the other side of it, because this is what's actually going to make you profitable. This is what's going to actually make you six figures and even seven figures is you got to have something that you're going to sell. That's at least $500 On the low end and I would actually recommend you sell something for $2,000. That's my favorite price point is $2,000 right here, because it's high enough that it qualifies out the people that are not a good fit for it. But it's low enough that especially if you offer a payment plan, people can pay in 12 months 177 bucks a month for 12 months. That's extremely affordable $2,000 breaks down to $177 A month $500 breaks down to, oh, I think it's like $42 a month, $43 a month. So you can offer a payment plan 12 payments for any of these as your paid off. And so all you're asking people to do is pay you today 43 bucks for 12 payments, or 177 bucks for 12 payments. And that's your program that you're actually selling people to buy into with you. And so what we do is we create these two offers, in our funnel, the free offer right here, and the paid offer right here. And what you want is these are going to be directed towards the same person that are that are that are essentially at a crossroads in their life. And what you're looking for is you're looking for people that are they've made a decision that they want to make a change in their life. They have a desire for a result, and they are willing to make an investment with you to get there. Remember, we talked about that yesterday. And so when you have those pieces together, you're able to build this two step offer framework right here. And I would recommend for any of you to build this out, here's where people get it wrong struggle, and I'm going to help you to not struggle, I'm going to help you to actually be able to break past where most people get stuck with this process. So I see a lot of people, they go through this five day training with me, one of the previous ones that we've done, and they don't watch all the way through all five days, they hear me talk about this part of it, and they're like, Okay, great, I got all the information I need. Now, that's what I'm going to launch, the problem that they run into, is that nobody actually buys from them their offer on the back end here. Or nobody even shows up to consume whatever it is that they're putting out there for free. And so the problem that that they're missing is actually tapping into what those triggering desires are that get people to make it a priority for them. If somebody's not showing up to actually listen to your training, but they signed up for it. It's only because of one reason they don't see it, they don't see that it's important enough to make it a priority to go through. If you give people something for free, and they can consume it at any time, right? This is a free intensive right here. Many of you that are watching this, maybe you're watching the recording, you didn't pay for any of this content, yet, I'm giving you incredible high value content right now. This is only going to be online for free until October 3 Next week, then I take it offline. Okay. And so the only way to get access to the recording, is you got to buy the VIP upgrade. Or if you're a member of our accelerator program, you get access to that. Okay, and we're not opening the doors to our accelerator anytime soon. Right now. We're waiting to see when the waiting list number has actually hit the level that they need to for us to make the decision. Now why do we have a waiting list?

[619:21] Speaker 0: Simply put, because it's a boundary in our business that helps us qualify who is a good fit? Because here's what I found in my experience is that the people that impulsively sign up for things, and they're not, you know, willing to join a waiting list, they end up not taking action in the first place. And so I really want to make sure that we have the right people in our program with us, not just anybody, I don't take just anybody in our program. And so it's it's part of our qualification process to actually do events like this, have a waiting list and not open the doors to it until we reach certain milestones that we're looking for in our business. Okay. And so we break down why that is a big part of it is just profitability wise. Marketing and Sales psychology wise, it's more effective. Let's just, let's just break it down as the lowest common denominator. Having a waiting list versus not having one is actually more effective to getting clients into your program and to getting the right qualified people than not Having one overall, okay. And so that's why we have one. What you want to make sure of is that your free offer and your paid offer are aligned to the same person, the same prospect. And what we do is we use an example called the hero's journey as part of this, so the hero's journey is a narrative story structure. For those of you that don't know this the mono myth structure if we look at fiction, TV shows movies. By the way, I'm a huge fan of fictional movies and TV shows anything related to the hero's journey. I love I love reading fiction books about heroes and things like that. But here's the thing, the hero's journey is a framework. For your coaching journey that you're taking people on this trust building exercise that you're doing, is exactly what you're walking people through. So you, what you want to do is you want to think about your prospect, the person who you're connecting with, you want to think about them as a hero, on their own journey, working towards reaching a goal that they have. And that becomes your, your potential client, the person that you can work with. And so right here, supernatural aid. That's the Facebook ads algorithm, showing them an ad. And they end up meeting you as a mentor or helper that walks with them through the challenges and temptations to help them transform. This is transformational coaching, you know, there's parts of of their life that have to die and be reborn, certain limiting beliefs have to pass away. This is what a good coach, this is what a good mentor does, takes people through this process. And here's why it's a continuous loop. Because this is what the coaching journey is, is this continuous loop for people. And really, there's another version of it that I like that if I look up here on images, that's really my favorite image of the hero's journey is this one right here is the ascent to a higher plane. So the idea is, this is really more what the coaching experience is, that each time somebody goes goes through the experience with you, they have special knowledge that allows them to ascend to the next level, with tools and skills and things that they didn't have when they met the mentor to be able to reach those results. And so the hero's journey framework is what we build everything around. When it comes to our, our offers. And I tell you, I'll tell people, you need to understand where your prospect is on the customer and client life cycle journey. Okay, so let's take a look at this. This is very important that you understand this before we can even really even dive into putting your funnel together. Before we can even dive into creating the sales copy. We're going to show you how to use AI to do that we're going to show you the best tools and platforms that you can use to put all of this together to actually make it work for you. But this right here that I'm about to show you this is actually what set apart. My friend Rick Pino, we worked with Rick from 2018 to 2022 for four years. On his brand, worship coach.com worship coach.com was specifically for Christian worshipers who want to write worship songs like some of these famous worship artists. And we worked with him on this mentorship program worship coach.com helped them scale it to over a million dollars a month using and this was the catalyst that took it from like a few 1000 a month to eight figures was what I'm showing you here right now this hero's journey framework. Okay. The other way to think about the hero's journey again, Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, Harry Potter, any of these different like, fictional storylines and stuff like that they all follow the hero's journey. There's a hero Luke Skywalker meets Obi Wan Kenobi as his mentor so he can go out there and defeat Darth Vader, and then he ascends to another level And so the hero's journey is exactly what your sales and marketing and offer framework process is. But you have to find people at the right stage of their customer lifecycle journey. And this can be the difference between you losing money with your ads. People not buying from you and people purchasing from you as this. Every single client and customer that you have, you want to think of them on a timeline.

[727:54] Speaker 0: Let's say this is a 20 year timeline right here. And that's a long time, right there. Okay. And let's say on this timeline, you know, right here,

[730:34] Speaker 0: somebody loses their parents, God forbid, this is year zero, this is your year two, they're dealing with health challenges with their parent right here, they start planning for caregiving, they lose their parent, their grieving for the next six years, let's say you do grief counseling, okay? They go through the motions of life, they might even go 10 years, until they meet you. And this is where maybe they find you saying that you can help them regain their life back after the law after loss. But they ended up rejecting you. And it took and it took them 18 years, until they made the decision with a desire to get the result where they finally are able to put themselves back in the driver's seat of their life, they're no longer operating out of that grief, and caregiver role. And then we're even willing to invest into going to the next level, this is where you would end up meeting them. The problem that most mentors and coaches make is they're trying to meet people throughout this part of their journey, when they're not even ready to invest to make a change in their life. And so what you want to do is you want to be able to strategically with the words in your sales copy, be able to find exactly where they are, at the right moment in time on their journey. When they have the desire for change, they have the desire for a result, and they're willing to do whatever it takes to get there when we say whatever it takes. That's the finances of becoming a client of yours, the 500, the $1,000, the $2,000, to become a client of yours, the $43 a month to join a membership, the $97 a month, the $197 a month to join your community, as a mentor and as a coach. And so it it took them 18 years to get to the place where they're actually ready to make a change in their life. If you're trying to market with anything in this part of the journey, you're not going to make as much money as if specifically you're talking to people that are in alignment with they have the desire, they have the resources, they're ready to make the change, they're looking for something, they're actively searching for it. And that's what we call a hot prospect. We don't have to convince anybody at that point to work with us. All you got to do is build trust with that person who's already actively looking for a solution, that you're able to deliver that solution and you create an offer that they register for. They put in their name and email address they can sign up for and then they can listen to you sharing and talking and communicating how to get to that result that they have. Okay, so there's two factors to this that we want to do. And this fits into what I call my my six steps framework for mentors and coaches. So my six steps framework follows this. Step number one, you want to find your niche, okay? This is assuming you know what topic you're gonna coach up. By the way, it's okay to pivot this if it's not as profitable for you. Now we go into step number two. And really what we're going to be focusing on here today and tomorrow. and the rest of this week is the next couple of steps right here. Step number two, is you write the sales copy when you might say what is sales copy? So sales copy is the words that you use that actually describe what it is that you are offering people, specifically. So like if we go to my website right here, and I'll go show you an example, on my mom's website. If we go here, the words that are on this page when you registered here, these words are sales copy. Okay, and so when I'm sending this off, I start with very simply a Google Doc. That's it. I just use a Google Doc. And I start to put together the sales copy. For our offer, let me go let me pull this up here. Real quick.

[818:50] Speaker 0: Let me see if I can find the right the sales copy. For one of our most recent offers that we just put out here

[822:58] Speaker 0: it's an ebook, what I do is I start with a Google Doc. And we start writing the sales copy in a Google Doc. And then I send that to one of my team members to actually build out and create the offer that that that we're going to be promoting, create the landing page for it, create the the page where people are actually registering for our offer, let me see if I can, I can find this here real quick.

[833:38] Speaker 0: I might not have one of my Oh, here's one right here. Here we go. A Google Doc. So this is all of the text that's written out in a Google Doc for one of my sales letters. And then so then I send this off to one of my team members to actually put it together on a page right here, where people actually register and put in their name and email address. And this right here is using Squarespace. So we use Squarespace to actually host it, people put in their email address, and it goes into MailChimp. And then MailChimp is what allows us to program those different emails that go out to people. But what we use to actually come up with these words right here for the sales copy is we're using chat GPT. We're actually using chat GPT to write our sales copy for us. And as I mentioned, the chat GPT prompt, download right here has some of the very best prompts for chat GBT that you can use that you can download right here. If you go grab this, I'm just gonna go grab it here real quick. And I'm going to show you this, we're going to actually go down the list of the sales copy prompts. And I'm going to show you how quickly this is to develop a first draft of the copy that you're going to do. So your goal is this. Before we even put the tech together, before we even put the landing page, the website, the Facebook ad, any of that together. We are going to actually create a Google document and use chat GPT and a Google doc to just map out what the words are that actually describe our offers. So that's step number one. And that's where we start every single offer that we build that starts with chat GPT and a Google Doc, before we even worry about what platform are we going to use? What are the email is going to say? What is the even the content that we're going to record we create the sales copy before we even create the training before we even launch it out there to people. Okay, that's step number three, and we're going to break this down for you. This is where you actually build out your landing page. This is where you actually create the page either on Squarespace, or you might use something like click funnels, or WordPress, Wix System IO, go high level. These are all different platforms that a lot of our clients use. I like Squarespace because it's the fastest and quickest to learn and also the lowest cost It integrates with everything that we need to be able to create really good funnels. And so if you're asking yourself like what is a funnel? A funnel is just the process of connecting a landing page and sales copy to an offer and then qualifying people to become a client of yours. So don't overthink the whole process of funnels. rather think let's how are we attracting the right people to become our clients, and then building trust with them a funnel, all it is, is it's just a mechanism. It's basically a machine that builds trust. And what we're going to teach you is the complete best funnel strategy that we're using. that I believe is what all mentors and coaches need to do. Okay. Step number four is where we start to promote the offer that we have, using Facebook ads, social media content, joint venture, affiliate marketing, email marketing. Step number five is where we actually present and sell. This is where we actually make our sales pitch. This is where we actually tell people what it is that they're going to now, now that we promoted this offer, and people sign up for it. And it's this free thing that that is going to it's a training, that's going to give them value. Once they sign up for it, we want to present to them and sell them on the paid program. Okay. And then step number six, we've analyzed these results. And generally we end up rinse and repeating going back to the top and saying, Okay, did this work really well, let's run it again, same play, same offer. If it starts to fizzle out, and by the way, it will fizzle out. This is something that I tell people, this is a big reason why being in our accelerator is so valuable is that when you're offered does start to fizzle out. And maybe it's not producing the kind of sales that you were initially getting. We can help you figure out the best way to pivot and to adjust and what the the best next topic or niche idea is for you. So that you can skip the guesswork so that you can get our collective community to help you brainstorm ideas for what the best offer is for you. Okay, what we do is we end up optimizing pulling the levers, maybe this one, two clicks this way, maybe pulling this one, two clicks that way, pushing this lever, five clicks this way, and adjusting and tweaking it and optimizing the funnel. So that it lowers your cost of advertising, and increases the result that you're going to get. And the best part about it is is that all of this is so easy to do now, you don't need to be super tech savvy. It's not complicated. It's very simple. I'm going to walk you through it here during the next couple of days. And I'm going to show you how we actually build all of this out to make it work for us. Okay, but the first step is that sales copy, what are those words that actually describe to people, what I want you to do is I want you to take the idea of, okay, I need to figure out all the platforms and all the technology and the funnels and the landing pages, and the MailChimp and the mail offers and all that and I gotta figure out all these complicated things. I want you to take a deep breath, compartmentalize that and put that over here to the side, okay? Because what we want to do is that's important, but we want to just focus on writing the sales copy before anything else. I've tried to do it the other way around. It doesn't work. It's not recommended. It's best to focus on just the sales copy before anything else. Okay. And we use chat CBT and a Google doc to do that. So what I love is with chat GPT and with our chat GPT prompt document that we have. We have this section called sales copy, and then chat GPT they have this thing called Custom instructions right here. And under Custom instructions, you can actually add how you want chat CPT to respond. If I'm having it right Facebook ads. I'm going to tell it you are a Facebook ads expert. We have a prompt that you can actually paste in here. The customer instructions prompt that helps write really good sales copy that can Burt's really well, and we've developed this to create the best sales letters and you put it right here. How would you like this to respond? You just copy and paste that. From this section of the prop document, see, you open up the document from my website, you go download it right here. Jeremiah Krakowski, Chad GPT. You go put in your name and email, you go download the Google Doc. And then under sales copy right here. There's this text that I copied and what this is doing this is telling chat GBT how to actually process your request that you're making it with the AI. So now what we can do is we can take a niche of coaching of mentoring that somebody somebody has, let's say you do. I offer grief counseling to women who have been caretakers of their families and, and are looking for their next season in their career, or business after years of grieving. Write me a sales letter for a free webinar based on this that will attract my target client to join me in a 12 month or whatever you do. You do 12 week, you're gonna do an eight week coaching program.

[987:12] Speaker 0: And chat, GBT is literally going to write you sales copy. Oh, and by the way, we have in there in the in the little prompt. We tell it to actually write it in the tone of Sandy Murkowski. Why is this? Because Chad GBT is actually trained on all the sales letters that I wrote for my mom. And it ends up writing the sales copy the way that I would recommend you write it by doing that, which is really cool. So right here, it's creating some information about what it is that you're helping people do over here. So here's the thing that you got to realize about chat GPT is it's really smart, and it's really dumb at the same time. The way to get it to write really good sales copy is you we have a list of prompts here. And we're gonna go down this list of prompts here real quick, I'm just gonna show you how they work before we go into our VIP. But what they do is they help chat GPT dive deeper into its knowledge base, dive deeper into what it understands and what it knows. And it's able to craft and develop a more laser focused offer by generating some information about who were trying to help, what their struggles are, and it will end up then bringing that back into its final outcome. So we ended up generating a lot of this. We're not going to use it. Just initially with Chad GBT, write me a sales letter that's not going to produce the kind of sales letter we want. We got to dive deeper into this. So we go we have these different prompts right here. These different steps of prompts that I recommend that you always start with. With any sales letter and you go down the list here. Answer these questions. What are their pain points feeling stuck in grief not knowing how to move forward struggle with the loss of identity if you're a caretaker unsure of their next steps in life, objections, what keeps them up at night frustrations, secret desires, some headlines, a lock your next chapter, time for you to transform your pain into a purposeful career. Ready for a change shift from caregiver to a career woman. You stuck in the cycle of grief unsure about your next steps. Imagine another year passing you by still feeling lost without purpose. So that's really starting to connect with even what is the problem they have agitating the pain presenting a solution which would be your webinar. Again, we're just generating this to remind and to really sort of train chat CBT as to how to write we have this next one called the epiphany bridge prompt. It's going to come up with what's the main problem? What is the solution look like? a transformative journey ends up writing. Remember, we talked about the hero's journey. It's writing that journey of the potential client for us and then that's going to reverse engineer that back into the sales copy. Hey, our next prompt is called the outcome and results generator. So I go through and I have it generate this. Because by generating this, it's going to train the AI to create the best copy for us. By pulling out of it, key elements from its, its, its virtual brain from different sections of the brain. In AI, they have virtual neurons that are actually operating. It's called a neural network. It's a it's a virtual image of the way a brain works. And so what we're doing is we're triggering different parts of the AIS brain to give us some great brainstorming ideas for our sales copy. The outcome, somebody might deal with life altering transformation. Emily program graduate, 50 year old woman spent the last 10 years of her life primary caregiver for her ailing parents, if they passed away, she said, Who am I if I'm not a caregiver with my purpose now, from grief to greatness, this is great, using this type of language.

[1057:24] Speaker 0: And then we have this step to one to dive a little bit deeper into the transformation. You know, maybe she started an art therapy school. These are potential fictional ideas as to what somebody who would go through this type of coaching program might experience, it's going to get you brainstorming for that ultimate desired dream outcome, that they have financial independence, that will be a big one, emotional well being, okay. Sales Letter questionnaire, we're going to have it fill these all out here real quick. And then our last couple of steps is where it gets really fun, which helps us actually put together and develop the offer sales copy, effectively. So you let it generate all of this for you. And really, what we're looking to do is we're about to get to the reason why we're having it generate all of this is because it's going to piece all of this together into a very succinct way that is very, it's emotionally charged, it's going to trigger the right response in the right people. And it's going to be very clear who your offer is for. So the one thing that you want to do while you're using these prompts, and any of you can go through these prompts for whatever your offer is, you want to start to become a bit critical of the outputs that it has start scrutinizing the outputs that it has. If it's not giving you what you want, you want to correct it the same way that you would correct somebody else. You want to tell it we're really not looking to sell financial independence, pendants, rather finding themselves after they lost themselves. Can you adjust the above based on that? So I'm correcting chat CBT and I'm telling it to adjust itself based around this whole idea of feeling lost and directionless. After years of caregiving, struggling with a sense of identity, emotional isolation, lack of support, things like that, less to do with finances more to do with that journey of self discovery. By pivoting I'm able to actually steer, just like driving a car, I'm able to steer the direction that chat GBT is actually giving me these out these outputs for. And then we have this very last one right here. Storytelling sales copy framework. This is our storytelling copy framework that we use for most of our sales letters, to communicate the outcome in a way that really resonates with people to communicate and to identify who is a good fit for us. So we're going to paste this prompt in here. It's going to write a new sales letter. But it's going to have a lot more emotion behind it, ready to rediscover your you after years of caregiving, or feel lost aimlessly after being someone else's rock. Trust me. I've been there after years of caregiving. I looked in the mirror and I saw a woman I didn't recognize. I felt like a shift adrift at sea, no direction, no purpose, no ideas, but I found my way back. Introducing rediscovering you a journey of care from caregiver to self care, empathy and understanding self discovery tools a tribe that gets you this program changed my life. Great testimony right right there if you have some testimonies. Your next chapter is waiting. Are you ready? So what it did was it's abled and here's another version. Hey beautiful soul you're ready to on earth the real you have to caregiving. Are you tired of saying Who am I now? After years of taking care of somebody else? Girl I get it and I've been right where you are emotionally drained, wondering where the ME and ME The time disappeared too. So it's painting a really clear picture as to who the type of person that you're wanting to connect with is way better than the initial output that we had. And so like right here, this would make for a great webinar that you could put out there, we have another prompt that we do, it's will generate some headlines. This helps us come up with really good headlines that use this framework, you'll be able to even if you have this objection, rediscover your true self, even if you felt lost and overwhelmed after years of caregiving, then I'll have it generate, you know, 20, more headlines like this. And this is how we come up with our sales copy. This is how I create a Google doc like this that has this text that attracts the right clients to our offer. We're having to generate a few different versions of a headline. And then I'm going to tell it what to do. This last prompt is combined the above headlines into the best, strongest version.

[1140:06] Speaker 0: And usually, this becomes a really good headline, unlock your next chapter, reclaim your identity, transform your life and find your true purpose even if you've been stuck, overwhelmed and lost after years of putting others first. Can you rewrite this headline in the tone of a person who would become a client of this program? This is another prompt that I really liked to helps align the copy in the tone of somebody who would buy the program. Finally, a way to rediscover who I really am and what makes me tick even after years of feeling stuck and lost. And you're caring for everybody else. That's a great headline right there. Just by going through these different chat GBT prompts right here. Here's another one webinar titled generator. Utah, I'm hosting a live online seminar webinar event generate me 20 possible titles, rediscovering you unlocking your true purpose, Igniting Your Passion revitalizing your life. These could all be titles for a free webinar, or a five day intensive, the art of Self Care five day intensive five days to reclaiming your life after caregiving. These are different than offers that you can put out there. And the AI helps us develop this out the AI helps us design and create all of this, oh, check this out. Generate me for Facebook ads, and Facebook ads copy based on the above, it'll generate you a fake your Facebook ads event. It'll literally write the ads for you, and give you suggestions as to how to run great ads, feeling lost after years of taking care of others, you're not alone, join our free webinar, rediscovering you and start the transformative journey. Ready for a community that gets you find your soul tribe and build a supportive community Massey outer self character caregiving, it's time to put you first discover how to truly take care of yourself with this webinar. So again, this gives us ideas as to what we can use to effectively communicate with the right words that connect with people. And then what we do is we take this text, and I like to go through I'll edit it a little bit, I'll tweak it, I'll adjust it, but I like like what this produced. And then I'll we'll go in and we'll create a landing page where people can actually sign up and register for some kind of an event and they get access to whether it be a zoom link, whether it be a pre recorded video, something, they end up registering with their name and email address to sign up with you. And that becomes your initial free offer that you then use to build trust with people. And to sell them on your paid offer a paid program that you have, okay. And so that's the process. And we're going to dive deeper into this process during the next three days. Okay, this is why we needed five days to do this because it's, there's so many like kind of different layers as to how this all fits together. I'm gonna go hop on over to our VIP right now because our time is up here. And again, we went a little bit over again. I'm gonna go on over to our VIP now for today. And I want to answer your questions and I want to dive deeper into where you're at on this journey and what you really need help with to kind of put all of this together so that you understand it so that it starts to work for you. And so that then you can start to attract those right clients to you. This is the best framework, the best way of finding the right clients and getting them to pay For your paid coaching programs, and I'm excited to see each and every one of you go through this process and start to go through and see the outcome from this. I think you're going to be blown away by how simple and how easy it is, with what we're going to be going over the next couple of days and I'm excited to work with you on that. I'll see those of y'all that are in the VIP. I'm gonna go head on right over to that right now. We'll talk soon have a good one.

