VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE 
Date: 2023-05-09T21:37:34.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: YJQsMHp3ofPOTPSEiUYe2Hqlhxc
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[8:13] Speaker 0: all right. Hello everybody how are you?

[11:41] Speaker 0: Welcome today. Welcome to the VIP cup my cold brew here

[14:58] Speaker 0: all right.

[15:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So who has questions after today, I'm sure inspired a lot of questions. Leaders, leader speakers, do you have a Do you have a human name?

[20:15] Speaker 0: Leader speakers? Hello

[22:49] Speaker 0: unmute yourself. There we go.

[23:20] Speaker 2: Yeah,

[23:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. Oh, Steve. Hey, Steve, how are you?

[25:01] Speaker 2: So my question is, if if you're ready, is that basically this offer that we're creating or that I want to create? Specifically? Yeah, is I'm just bringing people to my landing page to get a free consults. Okay, what I want them to do. And in that free console, what they're doing is they're filling out a form with just their name, their email and a

[33:17] Speaker 0: phone number. Okay.

[35:10] Speaker 2: What was your question? That's my question. So are my I guess my question is, when I create this landing page, I just want to orient it towards them filling out a form and getting to me, I don't want to I don't, I don't, I'm not there to advertise a price or an offer. I'm just simply trying to get their capture their information, so that I can give them free consult, which obviously, they're going to express their pain to me about their fears of public speaking, their ineffectiveness and what have you. Okay, that's all I want to do. Really?

[45:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I don't understand your question though. Because there's not a question there. You just told me what you want to do. So

[47:23] Speaker 2: Well, the question is, so that is what I want to do. Do I have to go through all the other Are you done?

[50:34] Speaker 0: Are you read my affiliate group coaching program?

[51:41] Speaker 2: I do it for companies, I do it for individuals, so I get them off the internet. And I get I get both off the internet I get companies individuals, okay.

[54:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it sounds like you've done this a long time you probably closed millions of dollars doing this process before aliens. What's the so what I'm wondering is I just I want to I just want to help you as best as I can. Yeah, I'm trying to understand because I did you know you can run something to a free console if you're gonna do that I would go the VSL route where you at least still have like a 15 minute video presentation that they that they watch so they actually know what they're looking into and it qualifies the person the the model that we help people do is building a personal brand for coaches, trainers, speakers and mentors and how they not for other companies but how they can actually build that brand in a in group coaching program. So what I'm wondering is your question how that translates into what what the topic of these five days is?

[70:45] Speaker 2: That's right. That's my question. Yeah.

[72:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Mm, I might be a complete idiot and I don't understand what your question is I'm sorry.

[73:41] Speaker 2: I'm just all I'm all I'm simply trying to do is drive people is have people fill out the form. Okay, whatever I described in my on my landing page. I just want to get them into the form. Okay. Yeah, that's it. Okay. Yeah, so

[78:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can you build out the offer the same way if that's your if that's your end goal. What we've found in the coaching space is those types of offers worked really well, three, four years ago. And now everybody's BS meter is sky high. And they don't really like doing stuff like that anymore. Meaning meaning potential clients finding a page through an ad and then signing up for a free consult, they have to have some kind of buy in with you. And a couple of years ago, that worked really, really well. And it was a really great way to get to get clients and now we're just seeing, it's a big money pit and and the quality, the quality of people that you're going to get is not as good as it was a couple of years ago. The method that we show you how to do is is where you're doing a presentation to close sales without having to get on the phone with people. So you're here asking a question on how to do something that I don't teach people how to do.

[94:13] Speaker 0: And so

[94:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wish I could help you. But that's just not it's just not something I don't, I would I would be blowing smoke up my ass if I claimed that I can help you right now. And so here's what's cool is would you rather I'd be honest with you or blow smoke up your ass?

[98:38] Speaker 2: Well, obviously, tell me what's, you know, what the deal is? But yeah, you know, I figure, you know, look, here's the thing. So I get my, I don't have a Google ad, but I'm listed right in the middle of the page. Okay, with with three other companies is a? I don't know what you call them. It's not a paid ad. But they're just I forget what it's called. But it's on Google. I mean, it's on the Google. Yeah, yeah. Separate listings. It's a listing. It's a listing. So I've gotten under four different categories, public speaking, fear, public speaking, training, public speaking workshops, public speaking classes, when you Google that, in Charlotte, North Carolina, okay. So I'm simply, you know, I don't care if I get, you know, I don't need to get a million people. You know, if I get, you know, if I get 20 inquiries a week, I can close most of those.

[115:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, then you could use the same type of offer strategy where you build out an offer that that the way that we're talking about, you run ads to solve a specific problem, but then the call to action is, they fill out that basic form with you, and then you follow up with them and contact them. We have seen that work better, though, in the last couple of years, is where you have still some kind of a presentation where they have to watch to qualify them. Listen, if somebody doesn't have 20 minutes to watch a presentation, I am not going to get on the phone with them. That's not I'm just not going to, you know, a big part of what we have what we do in our methodology that brings ad cost down is relentlessly repelling and shutting the door on people that aren't a good fit for our programs. And so I mean, even Yeah, obviously, some people squeak through that because they just they want their questions answered and, and things like that. But what I help people with is probably a lot different than what you're asking for. So.

[133:55] Speaker 2: Okay, okay, I can still use the chat GBT to come up with my focus on the people that I want to get. Yeah. Right.

[136:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. And I see this happen a lot of times with usually, if, like, if you and I were having a console, and you told me what you wanted to do, I would say, hey, we don't do that type of thing, you probably would work better with another service provider or another coach, just simply because the method that we teach doesn't involve sales calls, until you're making 10 to $20 million. And so I know you want to do sales calls, that's fine. And you can do that. But there still needs to be in my in my opinion, how we show people how to do it some kind of a presentation that pre qualifies them. And so you can take this process and do that and have the call to action be that but if you want to know about doing sales calls and stuff like that, we haven't done any we haven't done these sales calls in years. So

[148:56] Speaker 2: no, no, no, I don't I don't care I I've got I do that on my own. This is apart from that. I'm just trying to simply get people to a landing page to fill out the form. I do have a little video. I've got a video on that right now. It's a lot shorter than what you mentioned. Now. It's not a presentation.

[153:20] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[153:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so and so that just that's what speaks to people as to what their problem is, what their pain points are and all that and pre qualifies them again. I I'm not on because I literally don't know how to answer your question. It proves that I probably am not qualified to be the person to help you

[160:18] Speaker 2: While you answered it, I mean, if I can, if I can just get P I don't. That's a pretty distinct. It's it's a black and white thing. And I don't want to take a whole bunch of the time up here. I know other people have questions, but it's sort of black or white. When you when you if you have an issue with public speaking, you know, you got an issue with public speaking. There's no, you know, no friends, there's no, you know, right. There's no ifs, ands or buts, you either have one or you don't.

[168:30] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah, totally.

[169:36] Speaker 2: All right, pretty much.

[170:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Let's see, I'm gonna take Collins question here. Thanks, Steve. Colleen,

[171:56] Speaker 3: hey, how you doing today? Good. How are you? Good, great presentation for day to have things. The first ones, I guess it's more ethical and anything else. So my niche is very close to what you were showing the example about educating women and teenage girls in, you know, basic money, skills and stuff, financial literacy. And I guess I'd have I don't know, how if people, my target market, or people who may not have a lot of money, so it's like, how do you feel? Asking them and making them pay for your knowledge, which, you know, I feel largely that I should share most of it for free. But that's not a good business model. So it's not

[184:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, Elon Musk should give away free cars, everybody's unemployed, you know. So it's kind of the same logic. Some people actually think he should I just, we have to look at who in the market does have money to spend with us. And so for instance, that segment of people is what you'll find, and I'm going to teach this some more tomorrow. But I'm going to touch on this briefly. There's what I call the customer timeline. And your sales copy is written. So you might have these women that are out there, and they might have this might be 20 years of their life. By the way, this applies to every single business, every single industry. Steven, this, I don't know if you're still on here, but this would even apply to, okay, somebody's got a problem with public speaking. There's 20 years of their life right here that they're dealing with. But if you try to sell them at the wrong point on the stage of that journey, is, it's gonna be a lot harder to close that person. And the problem that we're dealing with is the method that we teach involves using paid advertising. And so the advertising system would love to just take all of your money and not give you qualified people. So you have to know how to really attract the right qualified person based on where they're at in their journey. So for you calling the women that are financially needing help all of that, at this stage, at the beginning, like they're just really struggling struggle, struggle, if you come in here, and you ask them to spend money with you. A, it could possibly even be unethical. I definitely do agree with that, um, depending on how you frame it and sell it are you making is the promise of like, guaranteed success, you don't want to do that. But what you want to look at is you want to say, Okay, this is somebody who's struggling, by the way, my mom, if you know her story, she lived on $5,000 In one year, and was on welfare with me when she was raising me. And in this last year, she had a $10 million to her net worth. So my mom is literally the type of woman that you would probably help along that journey at the beginning stage. No, I don't think that that would make sense. But here's what ends up happening is people have what's called an epiphany moment where they suddenly realize and it could be year five year 10 on their journey so they could spend 10 years to where they didn't actually come to the realization that Oh, I can change my life. I don't have to keep struggling. I don't have to keep striving. Some people come to that realization your year, two year, three year four year five year 10. Somebody who's struggling in public speaking, they literally, I was terrible at speaking in front of anybody. 20 years ago, I couldn't do it. I couldn't get on stage. I couldn't do it. I worked for a lot of great public speakers couldn't do it. I was I wasn't even confident to speak publicly till about two years ago, when I finally just put myself out there sweating bullets sucking did a terrible job at it, put myself out there and have gotten better just by simply doing it. Am I the best at it? No, I'm on. If you're ranking me I'm probably the lower tier 10% of public speakers as far as how well I do it. I'm I'm probably absolute really terrible and horrible at it if you're comparing it, but I still don't care. I put myself out there, I show up and I connect with people. But what I realized is I had to get better at the skill set. And the biggest part for me to get better at the skill set was I had a realization that how my mindset was working had to change. And so there's a moment in time that we call the epiphany moment where your target prospect has the realization that they need to make a change. And so here's what's crazy, though, is even the moment they have the realization, that's usually not the stage where you want to market an offer to them. You want to market an offer to them, when not only have they had the realization, but they have made the decision that I am no longer going to accept how everything has been prior to this moment in time. And I'm ready to take action and do something differently. Now there's two sides of the coaching equation, I tend to be on the side of I don't try to find people that need to be motivated to take action, you might build a business around that. I don't try to find people that need wishing to take action. I just I find it nauseating a waste of my time. And really, it's just it's not the lifestyle that I want for myself or my family is to have to be pressuring people to take action. And so what I do is I mark it to people who have already decided to take action. Now, they might still be in the struggle that they were at for the last 15 years, right. But they have now made a decision, I am ready to take action on that. And so at this point, when somebody makes a decision, and you show up with an offer that says, hey, you've decided to do this, I'm going to show you the path so you don't make the mistakes that I have and my clients have so that you can be successful. Now that actually becomes a very ethical approach, right? There is where you're you're finding somebody who has made a decision and is willing to take action now as honored percent of those people who have decided that they're going to get a result? Absolutely not. They're just not because people I think back to this lady, wonderful lady 100% committed to building a six figure coaching business. Two months later, she got distracted. And I haven't heard from her since then, I reached out to her and she said, Hey, can you stop contacting me

[276:30] Speaker 3: is one of my people that I mentor for free at the moment, because I'm still trying to protect my system. But, you know, we had this great plan with getting the credit cards. And you know, they even made some, in some good inroads to

[281:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: talk about that in just a second. This is this is gonna blow a lot of your minds,

[282:10] Speaker 3: they went and bought a new car, a new drone, something else something out and filled up all the credit cards again. And at that point, I decided I really probably can't help you. Because, you know, that wasn't part of the plan. But the other part quickly, and then I'll get off is so we do the free course to get people in or the free presentation. And then Is It a Good morrow Do you think to have a course say six modules, they go through it. But once a week i Come on, and that questions that they might have had about that module? Yeah, you

[290:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely want to have some kind of support accountability, q&a with that the value of a course by itself is very low. You might say, I poured my blood, sweat and tears into this. It's actually people don't care, what they actually want is they want to know that you're there with them in their corner to help them. That's what people are actually willing to pay for when it comes to coaching and mentoring business. Now I want to share something just with the group here that you touched on briefly. And this is going to this is going to probably blow some your minds. My mom and I were talking about this, there is a direct correlation to people who make a big plan of success. And don't succeed. The people who are the most vocal about their plans for success, very rarely actually go and take action on it. Here's why. The fact that they got so excited and vocal about it and did all of that fired the chemicals in their brain as if they had done it already. And so then what happened was when it actually came time for them to take action, they had already experienced the high of accomplishing it. And now they're on to the next high such as buying a new car, whatever distraction that is for them financially. And we find this across the board in all of the coaching businesses that we've helped people with all of the clients that we work with all the prospects the most vocally excited, I'm gonna do it I'm gonna accomplish I got this plan this plan this plan this plan 95% There's a 5% outlier that isn't but 95% of those people are nowhere to be seen 30 days later, because they already experienced the chemical high of actually doing the work. And so what I realized is that As a coaches, I put very little hope, or stock, or like I'll cheer you on, if you're like that. But honestly, just my statistics over the last 20 years, at least the sample size that I've worked with is 95% of the time, those people are nowhere to be seen in 30 days. And it's not that they lied to you. It's actually they, they have a, I believe it's a sort of chemical dependency on getting really excited about new ideas, and then not doing anything with them now, and when my mom told me that I was like, Whoa, interesting. I used to be that way. I used to be that way. And so I have a lot of empathy for that. But I also see if you get people that they're like, Hey, I'm ready to sign up, I'm ready to do this. Most of the people who do tell me that I never see them in 30 days. It's usually the person who's kind of building underground kind of silently, they kind of hold back that they're the ones that I'm shocked. They show up a month later on our coaching call. And they're like, Hey, I just made six figures. And I'm like, I haven't seen you. But they've been working and they've been doing the work. They're not just talking about it. They're actually doing it. And so it's pretty interesting when you go out there as far as identifying clients, you'll notice patterns in people. And it's that's definitely that way. So don't get disheartened. If somebody's like, Yes, I'm so ready to get started. And then you don't hear from them. It's actually more of a it's more of a human psychology thing than anything else. It has nothing to do with you. All right, Michelle.

[344:54] Speaker 4: Hi, there. Hi, Jeremiah. Can you hear me? Okay?

[345:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. How are you? Okay, good.

[345:54] Speaker 4: I'm doing good. I had my earbuds in. I wasn't sure. So thank you so much for these presentations. It's really an answer to prayer. Honestly, I've been following your mom. So you kind of got your and right away. I knew Yeah. This is this is good. So. So not the

[350:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: people who follow my mom, they know of the journey that we've been through.

[351:14] Speaker 4: Yes, yes. And so your mom is such a blessing. You're such a blessing. I appreciate your honesty. I, you know, I like when somebody kind of hits me between the eyes, I don't have a lot to figure out. No misunderstanding. So I like that. I probably have a lot of little questions. And I'm really hoping because I do a lot of my processing internally. So I'm hoping they're gonna surface as I hear people ask their questions. And as you present more, one of the things that I found that I do, I created a course, I was wanting to talk to you about the course I have on finding your purpose, like your God given purpose. It's a course to help people manage their emotions, while they're figuring things out practical steps, asking them questions with each module. It's 11 modules. I'm not committed to that. Fair, thank you. It's out there. It's on teachable have, you know, so I created it and nothing. So it's been on there for probably a year nothing. So

[366:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know a few things that have sold stuff around finding your purpose, they usually struggle to get sales. And so generally, the solution is you got to get a little bit more specific as to what maybe that purpose might look like for some people and it might not be everybody's purpose, but maybe a certain group that you'll find a pattern of and that will attract the right people better.

[372:08] Speaker 4: Thank you. That's so great. And I maybe I could do the PJs on the chat GPT for that. Yeah, and help. Okay, so the other thing is I'm a therapist by profession. I've had my own practice for about five years. Yes. And what I found is my clients that I work with I'm so like you it was such a relief to hear you say I'm not a person that's going to work with people that have to push and pull and motivate. That's codependency Yeah, I just it's exhausting and I'm working harder than they are so I just have to refer them out I can't do it it's it's time and energy is to value it's actually

[381:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's actually a it's it's it's it's actual codependency and almost like an addiction of being a savior to other people. If you have to do that. It's like a drug. Yeah, like a drug. And I struggled with that myself too. I grew up just you again you followed my mom for a while our home was massively codependent until we realized what codependency was.

[387:11] Speaker 4: No. I love it. And I love that you share it because I think there's so much shame around it. People will say I'm a codependent. I said no, you've you've learned codependent behaviors. You're not codependent Yeah, totally. Because it can be unlearned. So yeah, I agree. I love that and I love that you share it. So I guess my question to you is, my target is a transformational clients. And I thought of doing the pa s with that kind of doing. I've actually been playing with it since I did your chat GPT free training. I've been in there like a mad running stuff because

[396:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I spend every day in the AI in the GPT doing all that stuff. So I'm with you.

[398:02] Speaker 4: I just love it. And so I guess that's kind of the direction that I'm going and if I can go back and tweak that course I will One thing I guess I'm concerned about the course too is is that it's all like PDF style. It's not or like a written style, it's no videos. So I was thinking of maybe adding videos to that and running it through cat GPT.

[403:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I would do since it's already is PDF, I would just have the PDF open on your screen and teach from it. And just record yourself on video and just kind of go with the flow of your PDF. She'll have it done in no time that way. That's great. So like you're talking to me right now.

[408:56] Speaker 4: You saying like to present the course in a video?

[409:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, just like just talk how you're talking to me right now just relaxed. And that becomes the video courses. I tell people all the time. We build it up in our head, all of this like professionalism that we have to do to sell content and courses. And it's really it's just about showing up bringing value and authentically serving people.

[416:01] Speaker 4: I love that because that's what I do in my sessions, it has to be organic. So I don't go off of a lot of formal, I touch on the models for therapy, but I don't do a lot of formal things, I integrate different things. I love that. So for this, I could do the pain points of those clients.

[421:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would take pain points to the clients. But what are some of the goals that those clients if you've had have? Okay, that's because you want to point to the outcomes that they have. And you're going to find that maybe you'll niche down, especially since you've been doing therapy a while. And I told the lady this yesterday, what is the group of people that you really love to help that lights you up when you want to help them?

[427:58] Speaker 4: I love that too. Because I find that they're mostly. And I know this isn't this probably isn't good for finances, but they're mostly strong believers, who they're into the practical but they're also into integrating faith. Well, that's not

[431:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: bad. Actually find it's actually easier, financially to sell to a specific faith of an audience than to not, you might think it's not, it's because the algorithm is actually does a really good job of weeding out people that are not inside of quote, unquote, that faith. And so it brings your ads cost down. Wow, it's actually I've actually, because we've helped a lot of people that are in faith based and Christian type offers, and they become easier to sell. In that sense, it's harder to sell at the price point, you got to lower your price point a little bit. But the ads cost makes up for it. Because a lot of people don't know how to actually target or advertise to that group of people, the way that we show you how to do and so I do want to move on to somebody else's question here. But one last thing that I'll say we had one of our clients, she she'd lead with purpose and the practical steps, but I had her go on a journey with me where we spend an hour just talking on the phone on a on a session. And I had her explain her life. Her her pain, her struggle that she walked through, and the women that she loves to help and what they struggle and where they are matched. And so then she was able to actually build a program for women that feel like they're at a transition point in their life, because that was specifically it was beyond just finding their purpose. But when they're at a transition point, how to know what direction to take. And that got more specific. And I believe I heard from her about a month ago, I think she made like $20,000 off of that.

[456:41] Speaker 4: You just nailed it. You just nailed the exact description of all of it. You you conceptualize it. So thank you so much. The answer is yes. So take

[458:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: that and go run with something like that. That's great. That's awesome. All right. Thank you so much, Jeremiah. Yeah. Good work. By Pamela. Pamela.

[462:50] Speaker 5: Thank you for another good session. I learned a lot. Love it. I've been

[464:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks for sticking with it. I know you're you're learning a lot as you go through these with us, because you were with us last month. And so but I've seen your questions are starting to get more specific around around exactly what what you're working through.

[468:31] Speaker 5: So I'm trying to revitalize my email list because I do have about 340 people, but I don't email them regularly, mostly because I don't know how to do automation in ConvertKit. So yeah, what I was looking for the sequence that she told me I thought to start out with just Hello, what you're up to and tell them about my latest blog and tell them about the challenge that I did. And any other suggestions on how to revitalize that goes,

[477:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: well tell a story of where you've been, what you've been going through what you've been learning, and just invite them into the conversation with you about it. What your life has been like to connect with them again, as if, because see, the idea is you want to talk to them as if it's a single person that you're talking to. And you're building a relationship, I'm not a big fan of this whole, like, you know, you want the perception to be that you're building a close relationship with the people, while simultaneously you have certain boundaries and things like that in place. Like, for instance, I've had a number of people that were on these sessions. My assistant told me, they've sent a couple of direct messages. I don't, I don't read any direct messages on any of my social media platforms. But you can contact me when you join one of these trainings, you're in our coaching group, and our client carrier will respond back to people, or she'll write me and she'll send me a text say, Hey, do you have a quick answer to this question, stuff like that. But in there, so the goal with your email is you want it to be, it's a I treat email as another platform. And so email is another platform, just like Facebook, just like Instagram, to where I actually have access to contact people who have asked to be contacted. So what I'm doing is I want to stay connected with that group of people. If Now, if you've lost connection, haven't emailed them, you want to say, Hey, I've been gone for a while and start to tell the story of what you're starting to build what you're starting to accomplish some of the breakthroughs that you've that you've learned, and then you can invite them after a week or two of that to some of the offers that you have. And so that's the best strategy for reviving an email list you haven't contacted before. But here's the other best strategy is I would get three to 500 more new people, we, we add about 400 to 1000 new people to our list every single month. Our clients like we just added 10,000 people to my mom's email list last month. And so that's just brand new peoples that she never met. And that brought in $360,000 in sales in one week, from a very simple campaign where she showed up on a Zoom meeting, I made a made a presentation, and then sold people know sales calls, made $360,000 in one presentation. And so and that's that's the beauty of not having to work so hard, not so many hours, be able to show up to a wide group of people and dial in and offer that attracts the right people to you. And then you're able to close sales on a zoom presentation. And so that's the one to many model that we teach.

[523:33] Speaker 5: All right, they're on that zoom session of precession. I noticed that you weren't responding to the questions in the chat.

[525:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, yeah, I closed that down. Because it distracts me. I had had it. I've had a lot of really rude people pop up into those. And it will it will completely just for me personally, some of y'all might say, well, you should just get over it. And that proves you got some mental health issues I do. I actually, I'm still working with my therapist on that. But when I see really rude, nasty comments, while I'm doing a presentation, it kind of throws me off. And so I hide the chat.

[533:42] Speaker 5: So during that live one of the free one, you're not accepting questions. And listen.

[536:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know I'm accepting questions when people join me for this q&a back here. And here's the reason why the questions that I get are way better from people that join the q&a. I used to field a lot of questions for free from people. And I'll tell you the questions I got. They were low quality, they were a waste of time, they weren't even worth looking at or reading. And so but if somebody is willing to actually come into a zoom call with me verbally verbalize their question that I'm going to do my best to answer it if I can't answer it. If I'm if I know how to answer it if it fits into the framework what we help people with. All right, Julie Richards.

[548:13] Speaker 6: Hello again. Good to see you.

[548:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: You too.

[549:05] Speaker 6: Thanks for everything Jeremiah, I the ideas flowing. I was together with a friend for dinner last night, Ian Carroll, the Irishman. And he was helping me dial down some things because I was like, I want to do a podcast, I want to do a workshop and like, start a group membership, a Facebook group that he's like, there's no reason you can't start that today.

[555:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: What can you start today? And that's so important. That's just

[556:31] Speaker 6: because I asked you for homework yesterday, right?

[557:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So the homework is, is to where you're going to write out that offer copy and start using chat GPT so it's start playing around with that free little language.

[560:43] Speaker 6: Yeah. And that's my question you had said about how you had it right? In the, in the voice of your mom?

[562:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you okay? Yeah, how do you do that if

[563:32] Speaker 6: you're like a well known personality,

[564:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can't, there's, there's two ways that you can, um, what I would do is I would find a well known personality that you like how their voices and then that's a great way to do that. The reason why it's able to do that for my mom is because she had so many content on the internet. So we kind of got lucky there. There is an app called jasper.ai that is built on top of chat GPT. And they have a brand new thing where you can actually upload files of your voice and how you talk and how you communicate transcripts. And it will then write that way. Now here is one hack that you can do that's kind of like that is that you can take any transcripts of you talking, or or if you have a certain way of writing take a couple of emails that you've written, copy them in the chat GBT. And there's a couple of ways of doing this, you can say, I want to mimic. Let's actually just do this right now I want to mimic, I'm gonna pull up my screen here. I want to mimic the voice, tone and cadence of the transcript text below so that I can make sure that all of my writing is consistent to the voice tone, and way of communicating and talking to match this transcript that I can then use to rewrite my content as a prompt using this tone of voice, so then I would paste a transcript in here. Let me go see if I can find one. I a big part of my methodology that I use, I use a lot of transcribed content. I use a lot of the transcripts from our, our sessions that we're having a lot of our trainings, things like that. So I'm just going to take a a transcript from our live training that I did with my accelerator group yesterday. And I'm going to just copy a portion of it here. And I'm going to paste it in. Okay, so that was too long for chat GBT. So let's shorten it up just a little bit. But this is just kind of like a raw transcript of me talking. Usually when I shortened stuff, I'll go about halfway and slice it there and see if that's good. There we go. Okay.

[605:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's terrible. You didn't do what I asked. Come on. Now.

[606:50] Speaker 6: Would you start with greetings everyone.

[607:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I started with good morning. Let me see. I want to mimic the voice and tone of the URL. I didn't ask it to actually. Can you generate for me a prompt that I can use to rewrite all of my content in this voice tone and cadence? You have to actually ask chat to see what she wanted to do. Or to do anything. There we go. All right. No, it's not doing it. What the heck? Normally, this would work. You're making me look bad Jack GBT I want to mimic the voice. Okay. And you generate for me so when it's doing something like this I would then do this voice to analyze and create prompt for and I put it in brackets of what I wanted to analyze so that it doesn't think that I'm trying to duplicate that content. There we go. Nope, this is very weird.

[629:48] Speaker 0: Oh, who is this not working?

[632:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sometimes when you're creating a prompt, you have to like finesse it to get it to do what you want. There we go.

[635:21] Speaker 1: Right in a conversational engaging manner with a clear aim to educate and inform regularly reference the audience ensure that you feel that they feel included and understood frequently reaffirm the importance of the subject matter even if it might seem repetitive or redundant to some listeners, by the way, that's pretty much Shall I talk in how I communicate, be empathetic and understanding. So the idea is you can take this, and then anything that you're going to write

[643:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can put this right here, generate an email based on the voice above, promoting a free membership, to help women who are struggling financially

[650:07] Speaker 1: I understand that we're all navigating unique journeys, filled with our own triumphs, I'm reaching out today to share an exciting opportunity. So the idea is it's able to take my voice and how I talk and bring that into here by creating a a prompt that you can use that's similar to that. Now, Jasper has a version that they do, it's called brand voice. And they really develop this out to where, for instance, this this is the brand voice that we have for me, is emulate this by adopting a conversational tone with enthusiasm, using repetition, exclamations, personal anecdotes, directly address goal oriented language and engage the reader. Okay? Now for duplicating, let's say, a blog post, for instance, let's go to my website and pull up a blog post here.

[662:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: What to do when your marketing campaigns start making sales. Let's just copy this and see what kind of voice that it could actually

[665:55] Speaker 0: come up with.

[666:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's going to analyze this blog post.

[670:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Writing in an informative and actionable guide, using a confident and authoritative tone, your content should provide detailed strategies to your audience for the so the idea is, you can take this, whether it be authoritative, confident, versus enthusiastic, empathetic, all of this you can use to rewrite stuff. And then you could rewrite an existing document, rewrite the following blog posts in a conversational empathy, empathetic, and kind tone. So it's already told us that this is more authoritative and things like that. That's going to rewrite it in that tone. Hey, they're online coaches, just like yours, are you always on the move? Are they it's an exciting ride. But at times, it can be challenging, particularly when you're trying to offer starts to lose its spark ever been there. It's like you're searching for the secret sauce to keep things thriving amidst the ebb and flow. That's what we're here for. Let's explore these key strategies. So the idea is it like rewrote that in more of just a very informal, conversational fun tone versus the way that this was the dynamic nature of online marketing and coaching demands, constant adaptation and innovation to stay competitive. Okay, so that's, that's one way to bring your voice into it. As you can also have text above that it'll read from transcripts, or from articles or things that you've written, and it'll bring that voice into it by having it right in that tone. But if you want to use something like when I said when we use Sandy, her kowski, it's because that content has just been online for the last 30 years. So is it has scraped a lot of that content? That way.

[699:20] Speaker 6: Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you. And one more question. If I'm creating this membership group on Facebook, do you have any questions that you are you're like, tried and true questions that you have people answer to join your membership? Like I'm gonna put a stripe and you know, have them complete their payment, but just membership questions, any thoughts? Yeah, after

[704:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: after they joined the membership, you want to you want to ask, did you purchase it from this page? Have a yes or no? And then what email address did you use to register? And then did you purchase this with somebody else's name or credit card? If so, what's their name? And so that'll help you especially if it's purchasing and you use a Facebook group, to it'll help you a lot with your customer service by using those three questions. Okay. Yep. And then you can identify, you know, we get every other day we get people trying to join our client growth accelerator group that never actually paid. So, so we got to like look at and they'll even answer the questions as if they paid in their email. They're not actually in there. Which is funny. Yeah, all right, Jessica. Jessica Ortiz. Hi,

[718:42] Speaker 7: my microphone was on mute. It's good evening, everyone. I Am I? So I've got a question based on what you were just teaching in the live, you said to basically have your free and your paid program around the same topic is what you said. So what is it to that topic? Yeah, yeah. So what is the difference, then, if you're giving, I think someone posted that in the comments, and I now know why you didn't see it. But what what is the difference between this free stuff and the paid stuff?

[727:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your free offer is always it's the start of the journey with you. And that's why like, we don't mention our paid off or to anybody, I'm not advertising on my social media, or ads or anything, for, hey, we have a coaching program, I don't ever advertise for that. I only ever advertise for the free trainings that I do. And then in that training is where I mentioned our offer, but when somebody joins our free training, the reason why it's the exact same thing as what our paid offer is, is because it's the first step of working with us. Like if you're here for five days, this is the first step of the journey of that all of our coaching clients go through every single person who's in our coaching program has joined us for some kind of a five day event like this. And now, not everybody who goes through a five day event is going to become a coaching client. But that's the first step in that. And then continuing that journey. In the business that I'm in, it takes 12 to 24 months of testing to really help somebody grow to that seven and eight figure level can usually honestly it can take about four to five years to hit eight figures for most people is the is the timeline. And so I'm marketing for in my free offer, what that goal and outcome that people have. And then I'm directing people with the paid offer to this is how you can continue working with me to reach that goal. Now, here's what you figure out. Okay, what's the difference between what you actually teach? Well, first off, I have 25 courses in our coaching program. And each course is at least four to six hours long. You don't have to go through all the courses, I would, I would very much encourage our coaching clients, I say don't go through all the courses, before doing everything, go through a course, like one lesson here, as you're building what you need to build, because I don't want you to just get filled up with information and knowledge and not doing anything with it. And so I can't bring all of the information from 25 different courses into a five day event. I can't bring the nuance of working with you week after week and you testing because it's gonna take you a couple of weeks to test your offers here in an event like this, but I can get you started on the journey with me. And any sort of coaching experience that's worth somebody's time for transformation is not just going to be a wham bam, thank you ma'am. sale here, one here today, gone tomorrow, overnight thing. And if it is, then we need to figure out okay, there's always a next step for people. There's always a next step that you can lead people to, you know, when somebody makes six figures, now they have to figure out how do we get to multiple six figures? And then seven figures? How do they grow? What are their goals? I have a client right now he's making six figures right now. But he's working 80 hours a week. So we had a coaching call. And I said, Well, here's the thing, we got to get you down to 10 to 20 hours a week and remove you from the business. And then your business is actually going to make more money. Well, you got way more time to spend with your family. Because I don't want you working that much on a coaching business. It's just not you don't need to. And the only reason why anybody would work more than 20 hours a week in a coaching business is bad systems is why is the system when the system is actually working for you. Many times you only need to work five to 10 hours a week. And so what I'll do is for people is I'm selling people to join me for a free event. Here. We have our $23 VIP here. I've mentioned my coaching program over here. When we open the doors to this, if you are still on my email list, you'll know when the doors open to that Okay, and so from there though, it's the exact same journey I'm going to work with you through launching and scaling your six figure group coaching offer. We're that's what we're going to spend the next six to 12 months doing is launching and scaling to where you're making multiple six figures and actually working with you through that process. So what I sell in this five day event is the same exact thing. We continue the education we continue to support we continue the accountability in the coaching program itself. Here's how you know how much to teach in your free time. Tip is what is the point where people get overwhelmed? No matter how smart somebody is you can have a a photographic memory. And remember everything, I'll tell you this, that's not 98% of your clients, that's going to be like five to 10% of your coaching clients are like that. For the rest of the 90%. There's a point where it's like, okay, information overload, too much information. And you want to stop teaching at the point where people have information overload, and there's a mechanism to tell where that information overload is, the mechanism is twofold. What are the questions that people are asking in the VIP? And then what are the questions that new clients who join your coaching program ask? So if I look at the questions that I'm fielding when people come into my program, and I'm looking at the questions that I'm fielding in my VIP, that directly tells me the point where people get overwhelmed, because now they have too many questions to move forward. And so I teach up to the point of the group's questions, and it's usually a lot less content that I would have wanted to teach in the beginning. But it's getting more detailed and more nuanced as to what those specific questions people have are. And so that's what you teach in your free over here is up to the point where people would get overwhelmed to where they got a ton of value. The only reason they feel overwhelmed is they actually got a ton of value. And now they're like, Okay, let's pause, let me process this. And so it's not serving anybody in a free event to overwhelm somebody who's already overwhelmed with more information. Okay. And so that's where it's like, let's take some time to decompress. You know, take some time to go watch the recordings. Come back next week. Let's take a look at this. And if you want to continue this journey with us, try out our accelerator for 30 days, I like doing a 30 day money back guarantee for people in a program. We almost never have anybody who joins in up even taking us up on it because of how much value they gotten with 30 days.

[835:49] Speaker 0: So thank you. All right. Awesome. I'm Seth Thorpe.

[839:16] Speaker 8: How's it going? Jeremiah, thanks again, for today. Really appreciate everything that you do. More in on the feedback loop. I know I asked some questions yesterday about that. Yeah. Great. Is the q&a part of your feedback loop like this? Yes. Okay. Do you have? Or do you have specific mechanisms that you use or recommend to use? Or is this primarily the main source?

[847:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so the main source, or there's two of them that I use is the Facebook group itself. That's why a lot of people ask the five day event, I only do Facebook group and YouTube. Because I want to get the questions when people join the group until the last day, then I turn the questions off, because I just let everybody in. But the questions are, what are you struggling with in your business? And then what would you like to learn from Jeremiah? And so I got I have 80 pages of those answers from people. And so then I have, and I have a three stage feedback loop. That's the first stage is the Facebook group itself those answers. Stage two is the as the actual $23 q&a during a five day event like this. Okay, stage three of the feedback loop is actually in my coaching program itself. What are the questions that my act that my clients are asking? And so then what we build as the as our entire ecosystem is all around finding more people that are similar to those that are in our coaching program, and finding them back here to solve their problems? And so then you bring that those answers into chat GPT. And we actually analyze, okay, what are the pain points of somebody who would have a question like this? What are I would take, I like to take the whole transcript of a q&a like this, and have it break down, I have it say, Okay, make an outline for me of all the questions, all the topics and all the answers that were given, and do so in a detailed way, and it'll create me an outline and chat JBT of that, then I'll have it take all five outlines, and I will have it analyze, okay. Tell me about these target. Customers. Tell me about this prospect. What are their values? What are their goals, by the way, what I found in this group that values more than anything else that we've ever launched? We've done a number of offers out there. This group chat GPT says values integrity. And honestly, more than anything else, and I'm like, Yes, that's awesome. Like, I can actually share a lot of the really deep. Some people would say dark secrets about that. Because if you're somebody who's operating with integrity is you're helping somebody reach a goal and you're actually accomplishing something like that. I tell all of my coaching clients, like I said, read the book The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. If you're if you're selling a fraudulent system, this book is going to teach you how to defraud people. But if you're actually selling something that's a value, this book is going to also teach you how to attract and sell and close as many sales as possible, have the right people as well. And so you can use this information about sales, when I worked with Danny Johnson seems to have a statement, you know, you could use this information for good or a lot of evil, the choice is yours. And I kind of have held to that is that I like to share the tools they could be used for good or bad as the choice is yours. And so does that help a little bit?

[897:52] Speaker 8: Yeah, that does. And I think even you know, a big nugget from yesterday was that, you know, sleazy sales people use a certain method, and they're, they're

[900:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty funny to be what they do and why me

[901:08] Speaker 8: right. But, you know, being able to, sometimes were hesitant to go past some of those lines. Yeah, yeah, that really gave me permission to say, Hey, be, you know, do the right thing. Knowing love. The reason is noble, and yeah, meaningful. So

[906:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had to go through that that revelation for a while. First off, I have sleazy sales just means you don't know how to sell. Because a good salesperson isn't sleazy. They're very much just down to earth, conversational authentic. And so the idea of sleazy sales, what people don't like, I think they more associated with high pressure and coercion and manipulation. And that type of thing of where like, okay, somebody doesn't really want to do this, but you're gonna back them into the door and talk them into it. Again, I we're not that desperate. When you actually target your offer to people who actually want something, you don't have to act that desperate, we're not going to manipulate people in the door, if you don't want to work with me, great. Like, I'm good. Like, my life is good, my business is good. And I encourage a lot of a lot of my coaching clients, and I just want to encourage all of you that are here right now is that it's okay if you get people who reject you and don't want your coaching, even if you can help them. And when you when you walk with that type of confidence of I'm okay, if you reject me or think I'm not a good fit, or, I mean, I get messages from people, recently, somebody like you're the most vile, wicked, horrible person on the planet. The the and I'm just and the reason why was because I said, I don't respond to direct messages on my social media. He's like, how could you possibly help anybody? If you don't do that, I'm just like, that's my standard and my boundary that I have. And so we disagree on that. But my goal is I want to attract the right people that are meant to be in my space. And and the rest kind of works itself out at that point when we have an open hand, and we're not trying to pressure people in. But rather, we're saying, Hey, this is what we have to offer, this is the opportunity. Now you go and you sell with confidence. And this is something that I I borrow from Alex Hermoza, because him and I resonate a lot. If you've never read anything from him or watched his videos, I highly recommend Alex or Mozi is he says, once you get to the point of the sales pitch, you might as well at least be as confident as possible, and not hold back anything. And at that point, that's where you'll you'll see that you don't want to hold back because that because the people who are actually listening to your sales pitch, when you qualify them the right way. When you qualify them, they are ready to buy, they just need the encouragement to do so usually. And if they're not, they'll they have the option to turn it off to tune it out. They will feel uncomfortable. You know, there's a number of people who are on this training right now. I see Sophia, you have your hand raised. She's been on a couple of these with me, right, a couple of these different trainings and I and I but it's been consistent. What I share across the board is is that is you don't need to be slimy or sleazy. But you do want to be confident and that changes that changes the game completely for you. So all right. Pamela, do you have a real quick question? Okay, and then Monix Yes. And how long do we have the recordings for you get lifetime access to the VIP recordings and the sessions. So as a VIP You get, you get to watch those as, as long as I maintain the website, which you know, it's not that expensive, I plan on at least keeping that up for life, my content, I don't want to lose it. So you'll you won't lose the content as well. And if you ever do lose it, just write into our client care and say, Hey, I don't have that email anymore, or whatever. We just have a lot of people do that with my mom, they would come back like 10 years later and be like, Oh, I bought this 10 years ago. Can you go look up my name? And sure enough, we found them and they bought it and had them send in their ID and all that it was kind of fun. All right, Pamela.

[970:08] Speaker 5: So if I am processing and understanding it correctly, when you get people into the VIP, those are the people I would send my more expensive coaching, like my group coaching offer, and send it to the people who didn't go into the VIP.

[975:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would send it to everybody. Yeah, the VIP or is more qualified, but I would send it to everybody to

[977:36] Speaker 5: clear out all your chat. You know, the information that you're getting on this chat? Do you ever Clear that out? Or do you just keep it

[980:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I usually clear it out after we delete the recordings after about once the once the recording is done, I don't I don't hold too much onto it like super long term. Because here's here's the other thing. We talked about this a little bit yesterday, the niche that you're in isn't always going to be the same niche. If you're actually following this process, right, your niche is going to slightly change after about six months to a year. So I don't even want to look at the data or answers that I was getting a year ago. Because those really aren't the right people, we've dialed in a lot more and gotten way better people in front of me. So I'm more looking at what's the most recent group and analyzing that, I'll look back, I would say probably back to December, I use a lot of that data. And I usually only use about six months of it. Here's the interesting part about that to the Facebook pixel can't look back past six months anyways, either. So that's probably why I do that is I just naturally think in six months chunks when it comes to this business. Because that's how long Facebook will keep somebody's pixel data who sign up as a lead with you after six months, if they don't do anything with you, again, they won't see your ads. So they even sort of remove it. After six months, I delete people off my email list who haven't opened any emails from me in over a year. I literally just delete them off my list. So we actually just looked at the numbers 40% of every single person who joins our email list unsubscribes. And so but the but the other 60%. We have a lot of them. They've been on it for five years. And and we just had a guy two months ago. He's like, I've been following you for five years. And he joined our coaching program. And so that was that was pretty cool, as well as kind of seeing that because I knew him from five years ago. All right. All right, Sophia. How are you?

[1010:47] Speaker 9: Hello, hello.

[1011:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm always a pleasure.

[1011:34] Speaker 9: Thank you. I just want to clarify what you said about sharing the story is part of the marketing. Is it telling my story and where my story and the potential clients converge? That's what I sell on.

[1015:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's usually so yeah, whatever your story is, you'll always be able to find a group of people that have that. That's more where you can share your story that listen, there's other parts of what you're going to help people with that maybe you don't have a story with people. And so but if you're finding that your clients are constantly asking for that, but you always do want to loop it back as much as possible to it. In relationships and communication. It's not necessarily good etiquette to constantly refer back to how you share stories and similarities with people.

[1024:09] Speaker 9: I'm not married to that. I just want a little strategies or a formula.

[1025:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's what that's what I'm getting to. It's just it's just interesting is this is a this is interesting. I'm just thinking about this, as you said this, it's usually a sign of it's like a narcissistic sign if somebody's constantly sharing their story to correlate with people, but it's also the reason why it works. It works in sales and persuasion really well. And so, oftentimes, I wouldn't recommend doing that like in your day to day but I would in your marketing, specifically as where you say, Hey, have you struggled with this? I dealt with the same thing. I dealt with this. I did this, because what it does is it validates that you know, what they're going through that you know, their struggle, you know, if because there's so many coaches out there, when people know okay, you've actually gone through this struggle, or you've helped somebody else go through it. There. As the their trust level in you usually goes up at least three notches, just by that declaration of I know what you've been through.

[1042:42] Speaker 9: Sharing. Yeah, yeah.

[1043:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that's that's the thing is is, the more you start to share that, A, that's a vulnerable place. It's a it's especially if you don't share that with a lot of people, you'll have to train yourself. Okay, how do I boldly share this? How do I share it the right way, the way that I tell people to is usually share from the breakthrough that you've had. Not the not necessarily the thing that you're like, really struggling with a lot, I still share my struggles that I'm dealing with, if somebody directly brings it up, that I wouldn't lead with it in my marketing. For instance, I will I will share that I like I struggle with reading comments, when I do a live video, it's just it just really throws me off. I know that that's an area that I can mentally grow in. I know that that's a limitation in my own life. But it hasn't stopped me from succeeding. As a as a coach or as as a mentor. I've gotten better at it over the last year. But what we deal with when I do free events like this is I don't know who's watching live. And so it could be just some random troll. That's posting something I don't need to get thrown off in my presentation, because some troll is getting off on arguing with me about something is so that's where I would share, you know what I'm going through personally. But it's usually good of like, if you've come out of something, because you're able to now, point people say I have the path to get there. Because I've gone through what you've gone through. I've struggled the way you've struggled. I've dealt with the things that you've dealt with. And people that's really attractive to people because they're like, Okay, show me how, show me how you did that. One of the biggest things that actually was a what was was pardon.

[1074:45] Speaker 9: I was gonna say so then we should put part of our story on the on the landing page for every little

[1076:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: bit of it, but you want to you want to talk about it in the copy, we'll be going over this tomorrow as well, how you do this, you want to talk about what is their problem and struggle and what is the outcome and desire they want. And then usually, if you can attach that to just one piece of your experience, you can you can lead people in that way, or your experience of helping others. Now I had a a very interesting roadblock to handle in my own business is and then I finally figured out how to solve it was because I had so much experience in the coaching space. I found it very hard to empathize with beginners. And so I had to go through and say, Okay, well, what are the areas that I did struggle with that others do. So for me, procrastination was a big one. Having all the ideas and not implementing, I sat on ideas for years, didn't do anything. I sat on my group coaching program for four years, because I didn't think I was good enough to do group coaching. And as soon as we had launched that group coaching, I went from just Okay, while I was making six figures, six figures, running people's Facebook ads, that wasn't fulfilling for me. And I really wanted to build the coaching business, because that's what we had done with my mom. And she had done all the groundwork of figuring out who the target customer was, and all of that and her business. And so but for me, my coaching business was only making 500 to $1,000 a month, until last year. And then as soon as I launched my group coaching, we shot up and have been making consistently multiple, six figures every single month. And so that's something I share my story. Now I have a story. I actually created one right there, where I didn't have one before. And so part of it was I looked at, okay, how can I create and craft this narrative. And this isn't that Dan Kennedy says as well is you want to be the teller, the storyteller of the legends about yourself that people believe that you want them to be true. You don't want them to be false, but you want to be the person who tells YOUR story the best possible way that then connects with that prospect. And that's a big part of in the copywriting. So you don't want to make your copy all about yourself. That's also very much not advised. But you want to anytime you're like, Hey, have you struggled with this dealt with this? If you can tie that to that you've gone through that it is helpful, but you don't always need to do that as well. So it's not like a rule of thumb. It's more just, it's it's a helpful thing. Okay, all right. Last question here from Diana, Diana, how are you?

[1121:14] Speaker 0: I'm just fine. Thank you. I just have one really quick question. Is there a limit to how many people can be in the Zoom meetings at one time?

[1124:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, in zoom webinar, I think they give you like 500 people in a Zoom meeting, the entry level Zoom meeting product, I think allows 100 people. And then from there, you can upgrade as you have more people, we've done coaching groups for the longest time to where we just, once you go over 100, I would, I would move it over to a webinar and you have people raise their hand to come on screen, versus having it be an open screen like this, because it just kind of can be annoying to have an open screen of hundreds of people. That's how my mom actually does her, her group because she's got 3000 people in her stocks group. And so she actually, she only fields q&a, and then maybe once a week, she'll pull up a few people who raise their hand who want to come on camera. And so she has a boundary even in that of people being on camera. I kind of like having the camera up right here. But it can get a little bit exhausting when you have more than 100 people and it can be more distracting to.

[1141:05] Speaker 0: Okay, thank you very much. All right.

[1141:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, thanks, everybody. Thanks for being here. Day number two again. So some people asked about the recordings to this, we go put it into the members area, I'm going to take the Zoom link and put it in there. And then we have our our team will go actually put the recording into the members area for you. It'll take a couple of hours to get up there. But it'll be in the members area over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you don't know where to find that, you can just go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you'll see it and in the upper bar of our website where it says login right here. You can click on this login button and then it'll log you in here. And then that's where you can access. The actual VIP itself is back there. Okay. All right, everybody. Thanks for being here. Thanks for Thanks for spending this time with us. And I'm excited for the rest of the time that we will be spending here this week. Love it. Thanks so much for the vote. Yeah, I It's funny, I get comments, that $1,000 that you put on your offer. That's an inflated value. I'm like Tafolla, you knew the $1,000 value right there. Like we're definitely making sure to deliver that value. By the same token. I think our our coaching program is worth 100 grand, and we don't charge that much for it. It's like it's just beyond at that level. It's amazing. So, all right, everybody, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Have a good one.

