VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-09-28T20:40:36.000Z
Duration: 56 min
Otter ID: n4gr25SzoU9ymwlXY0coZyKyQxU
---

[1:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Lola go live in our accelerator group. Connect to Facebook. Participants invite copy invite link day for your name

[11:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool, there we go. All right.

[12:36] Speaker 1: Let everybody in here

[14:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome in over here. Welcome into the VIP everybody. Hello, hello, hello. Can you hear me? Perfect, awesome. Okay, so something as well I had, I just thought of that I wanted to share, I made that list of platforms that I like to use, we got members in our groups that they're using WordPress system, io, click funnels, go high level Kajabi, teachable, all the different platforms that are out there work, and they work this system, just as well as any of the others go, if you're more comfortable with the platform, keep using that. The when I teach translates into any platform, I've designed it that way. So the it's not platform specific. I teach classes, if you don't know how to use any platform, and you want to know like what I use, we have classes that walk you through those, which is cool. So anyways, there's that. Also, I'm excited, we're gonna we're going to tell everybody this tomorrow, we got two more days, I want to keep going with everybody we're going to be doing Saturday at 1pm. And we're going to be doing next Tuesday as well at 1pm. So those are some bonus days, I'll announce it on the main call to everybody. Tomorrow, I'll give you the times on that it's going to be same time it's gonna be 1pm for an hour on Saturday, the 30th. And then 1pm On Tuesday, the third. So just additional extra time to keep working with you keep working through this helping you and your business here. I love this group that's here, which is awesome. And so what timezone again, same time as the main session that we've been meeting, it's going to be 2pm, Eastern, 1pm Central, you're gonna get email, an email sent to you that has all the like, the actual time and the link and all of that, too. So all right, raise your hand if you've got any any questions you want to go over this will take a little bit more time going over the Facebook ads stuff here. I wanted to really kind of spend more time walking you through some of that here today. We'll be doing that tomorrow. I'll take the first part of tomorrow's main session to kind of walk you through like some of the Facebook ads setup stuff, because I know some of y'all want to look at that. Nancy, what's up, Nancy, how are you? Always a pleasure?

[54:46] Nancy Hamilton: Thanks so much. Thanks, Jeremiah. Doing okay, doing much better, actually. Much better. Yeah, yeah, I I'm really serious about getting it on the monthly this time. Yeah. I'm just thinking about budget and everything because I'm Yeah, long COVID and stuff. So I want to know, I what my plan would be to make this as sustainable as possible. Yeah, to get up and running. But I need to know the budget not just for the payment, but for Facebook ads, whatever else. Yeah, yeah, so

[64:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exactly. So like, on the low end, as far as even like using platforms Squarespace and stuff like that, you're gonna end up spending about two to 300 a month on like different platforms initially. And then for Facebook ads, starting about two to $300 on advertising. The goal is to make back way more than that on the campaign. So like a lot of people will see them spend 300, they'll make back 6000. They'll spend 500, make back even up to 10,000 on a $500 budget. Now you got some money that you can pour back into it. Now of course that's not guarantee that it's going to produce that much we also have seen could launch a campaign with 300. It does zero and that's where the accelerator is so valuable because you're like, okay, you don't need to be confused as to why it didn't work. You can we bring it into the accelerator, we'll work with you to make it start to work for you. Whether that be adjusting pivoting, things like that. The other thing to think about and we've had a lot of members that are in our program. I had an incredible opportunity. Two weeks ago, I haven't even talked about this. So a really interesting experience. My mom had an event that she was hosting here in Austin, Texas. We both live in Austin, Texas, that's where we're at. And she called and was like, Hey, I'm sick, I can't do the event. This was two weeks ago, that six in the morning, I wasn't planning on speaking at her event. And I told her, I said, Hey, you want me to cover the first day for you? And hopefully, you'll be feeling better tomorrow. And so literally, I rolled out of bed had to I spoke at the event, we had a number of our accelerator clients that were actually there as well, at the event with my mom was called the wealth wisdom event. Some of y'all that are that are here. Even I met you there at the event. Anyways, why am I why am I saying this? Because I heard from so many of you. Thanks, Deborah, I appreciate it. It was crazy, because it was like I didn't even know I was gonna be speaking I got up on stage spoke all of that. I could never have done that a couple years ago. And and a lot of the members that we had, they all came up to me and they're like Jeremiah, you don't know how much the accelerators changed my life. Being in there, the way that I think the way that I operate with my family the way that I am with even my job my workplace. And so that's another thing to think about is the cost of the accelerator $166 a month. It's an incredible community of people that can support you, the information is going to go deeper than just your business. And you'll start to see the compound effects of being in that environment with you. So that's why again, 30 days, try it out, see if it's for you. And I think you'll really like it.

[108:26] Nancy Hamilton: Well, I know I've been dreaming about this for a year, actually. Awesome.

[109:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: A year ago on one of these. I was doing a free event like this. And I remember you were on there.

[111:17] Nancy Hamilton: Long Haul COVID completely disrupted my life, my health and everything else. And I had

[113:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to I'm glad you're I'm glad you you. I mean, not to sound morbid, but like you're still with us. You know, like, you know,

[115:58] Nancy Hamilton: a lot of people didn't make

[116:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it, thankfully. Because I know that a lot of people they they they had situations with that I was at it's been a sad time for our world the last five years. Let's be real. Yeah, it has been oh really has been really great. The whole the whole planet has been focused on like, fear, worry, loss lack all of this. It's like it's it wasn't like that 10 years ago. Yeah. And and that's why it's like, we got to be intentional to really focus our thoughts every day. Yeah,

[124:00] Nancy Hamilton: I think it's what, for me, I just use it as a great big wake up call and a reset. And part of this mindset, part of his physical health part of it is yeah, changing my priorities and also kind of ditching the past, ironically, back to where I grew up. Oh, my chiropractor demons are all there. Yeah,

[130:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was talking to my chiropractor, she comes here to our house and, and does chiropractic. She's amazing. It's, it's helped me so much. Just with my breathing and nervous system, and all that is having a chiropractor, she's really incredible. She said, like you don't know anybody. Like people like the whole world, even your friends, we've all changed. It's like you either choose to kind of get worse with your habits, or you it was a wake up call to kind of shake us up to say, let's, you know, let's grow. And I think that anybody who's in here, probably we chose to grow. It's sad. Not everybody is that way. I was just I've been sad and just to see a lot of the changes in our world. But let's see, let's be a positive force for positive change. I

[143:18] Nancy Hamilton: think, honestly, for me, when I just connect to the present, I look at all the things I'm currently grateful for, to what can be done, and the impact I can have. I'm really, really encouraged and excited about it. I can now recover so much of myself to be part of it more than ever before. Yeah. A quick plan by you. Yeah. Because when I look at that, how I can leapfrog kind of payments and things like that is like if I spend the first month I get in, I do my content creation. I organize myself I understand the processes and so on while I'm still looking for teaching online and coaching online and that on my own. So I can build up that regular income coming in from that two plus I have no other part time job. Then I can start investing in the software and other stuff made my second month.

[157:00] Speaker 1: But definitely, totally. Yeah,

[158:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's a great approach. The other thing is as you'll a lot of people tell us they found like ways to get Creative, like find money and stuff like that. By being in the program, things like that, again, it takes money to make money. Yeah, of course, I see this business as the lowest, like, amount that you need to put in. And besides, I guess there's like, it's like, okay, I know network marketing businesses, you pay like 100 bucks, but then you gotta like, sell. This is way less like salesy. I feel like you know, right. And it doesn't, that you get to own that you create, you're not selling somebody else's product. So that's why I prefer courses and coaching to doing say, network marketing or direct sales. And then I tell people this dream bigger, grow your business, invest in real estate, invest into other passive investments, to grow your net worth in five years, you'll be surprised, you could literally be in a completely different position financially than where you are today to where maybe, I mean, it's not unrealistic to have $5 million in an investment account five years from now, starting from zero. I know people that have done that with this type of business and have gone beyond that even so,

[181:44] Nancy Hamilton: no, I haven't been well, the work I have been learning. And that's along the lines of one

[182:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: way to set up set up a better retirement for yourself.

[183:54] Nancy Hamilton: The one word I love about this is alignment, in alignment with everything, so thanks very much for that. I don't want to take any people's time, but great chatting with you on my Youtube, Nancy, you have really changed a lot in the last year as well. And I hope so, no one will

[188:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: tell people that it's like, you know, people always say that, like it's a negative thing. Like, oh, you've changed, you know, like, we got friends. Oh, there's a positive. Like, I would hope I've changed. I don't want to be the same person I was a year ago. Now. And listen, I'm not gonna be the same person for the better next year, and the next year, but the next version of myself, I look at what is the next version of myself that I have a vision for? Starting to materialize? And and it's like, okay, like, like that is? Yeah. Is For me this next year, I'm really prioritizing my health. I got I got a I got a total workout system. We started working on my my gut health, working mind on my digestion, all of that, because I want to be here with my son 20 years from now still running around with him, you know? Oh, yeah. All right. Sue, what's up? Sue? You got a question? Thanks for being patient.

[204:43] Sue McGarvie: Hi. No worries. I was I just spent the day I was as way yesterday, but spent the day going through your VIP content from yesterday. Okay. Of course, you know, I'm, I'm excited that you put up your accelerator. I think I'm in I'm in Canada. So it's a 40% bump for me. But I'm interested in how you talked a lot about you know that your mom uses tribe that you use Squarespace and that every other week you produce content. Now, I just get some questions about how do you like what kind of content do you produce? So you I'm watching you, you seem to work, you know, unless you're doing a week long thing you jump on with your accelerator group once a week or twice a week to do some live group coaching.

[216:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's two two lessons and in brand new classes that I also rolled out, I didn't even mention that as well. Yeah, so like, we're doing a class on MailChimp this month, and a class on outsourcing and getting clients and then I'm starting a new class next week, because we just finished the outsourcing one, we put a whole list together of recommended vendors too, that I can work with you. I'm going to be going out there as well and finding a whole group of people that are overseas that are like, under 10 to $12 an hour that you can hire, I'm going to create a list of people for graphics, funnel building website, Facebook ads, all of that as a resource for those that are in there. So I record that content and then we put that up every Friday. Every Friday morning those

[230:16] Sue McGarvie: less than you view it at their leisure. It's just sort of as the time allows they like the content you do the one week and that's what you do every week well and and that's what you mean you do every week and your mom does it every other week. That's what you're talking about.

[234:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, no, I do sorry. I'm not sure what

[235:12] Sue McGarvie: your VIP yesterday and it said that what happened or maybe it was two days ago. It what your mum your mum produces new content every other week. That was a sort of a sort of an amount for her and you produce I just guess I want to have a sense of how you do this. Like you said you spend five to 10 hours was a week. I'm still trying to figure out. Yeah, because I used to the time for money. How I leverage that time.

[242:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, some weeks, it might be more than 10 hours, it might be 15. Okay,

[243:04] Sue McGarvie: but it's once a week doing a live group, which I'm doing anyway. Yeah.

[244:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, like, yesterday or Tuesday, I recorded a 30 minute lesson and then recorded another one. So that was an hour right there, I got to lessons, I got to the place now where like, I can spend a little bit of time map out what I'm going to teach. And then I just press record, record the content, those become the lessons based off of the questions that people are asking, that are in the group, so

[252:06] Sue McGarvie: does somebody they cut them up, they produce them, they put them on YouTube, they do

[253:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: not do any sort of editing, actually, to that content. That's interesting. I just press record at the beginning, talk, and then stop it. And then I upload that, and then I got somebody who just adds it to the, to the members area. So it's like it says, again, as little time as possible, actually, like in production is kind of my focus, because the quality of the content that you're gonna get, like if we go into the members area here this that, it's just me going right into, Alright, welcome to lesson number three. And I just go right into teaching that and it's and it's, it's in there, so, yeah, okay,

[263:51] Sue McGarvie: I'm just I'm just guess I'm trying to get a sense of, I've got what you do. I know what I do. I'm trying to make it work from a bigger point of view that if you're getting this cut, it's it's what does this look like? What does this life look like? So if I'm giving up Visual therapy clients, and I, you know, as a psychologist, what does that look like?

[269:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is me right here teaching one of those lessons. By that time. I got a summary right here. So I have somebody take this video file, they have chat, GPT, take the transcript, and I haven't generated a summary of the lesson. Right? Read what the lesson is about. And then the whole transcripts are here, too. So we added these transcripts last year, because some people they're like, I can read your transcript and like 10 minutes, instead of watching a 40 minute video, I was like, Great, awesome. That's great. Yeah. So that so provides you with like, different ways of learning that we have all these different lessons, I'll add one lesson a week, we just finished this class right here. And the lesson might only be 30 minutes long, like this one, some lessons are an hour and a half long, just depending on how long I really want to teach on a specific topic, but I break it down. Based on that, so yeah, okay, thank you. Well, I, I like it I like I what, here's what I look at, what's the lifestyle I want to live? How many hours do I want to work? How do I want to manage that time, and then I fit my business building around that time. So the other way around, where my business controls my life, and then family fits in secondary, it's kind of making the life outside of business, run up, run the show. And then I build the business in pockets in between that, and I'll map out my week, usually, once a week on Sunday, my wife and I will meet up and I'll say, Okay, this day, we're gonna do this, we're gonna have these hours right here. I'll have, you know, five hours with with Halston in the morning, you go do what you do here on Wednesday, things like that. So that's how we that's how we do that. And there's a class in the members area called time optimization blueprint where I break down my process for that. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Which, by the way, that class, I'll give you, that's actually one of the free gifts that you get just for trying it out. As you as that is one of the classes, you'll be able to keep that one, even if you just try it out, it's not for you. Here's what I do is I'm going to be giving that class on time optimization to everybody, because I know that it will benefit you, if not in this business in every other part of your life to get more more done with less time and optimizing our time.

[307:18] Sue McGarvie: So let's just try it. See if it works. put the effort in and I'm ready. Like I'm at this time running group coaching. I'm like I got into you because you did a thing about how to do Facebook ads. You

[310:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, you have like a service to I checked your website out right. Do you do like a matchmaking service?

[312:11] Sue McGarvie: Depends on which one you want. I'm a clinic I have I have Yes, I only have two groups. It started I started an over 40 singles group during the pandemic killed themselves and I thought I was so mad and loneliness skills. So I do that and I have a huge, like 25,000 person database under my radio show and talk show. Yeah, how to leverage it. I just don't know anything about Facebook ads. So that's how I got that's the funnel that brought me in and yeah,

[320:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where like your topic to I think, again, I've just been like thinking about that because it's like, you'll want to lead with like connection as really being like the topic that they'll let you Facebook at around, you know, finding the right people in your life that are the best fit for you that connect, because let's think about that. What is it? What is sex and relationships, but the like the deepest connection we can have with somebody. And so there you go. A lot of your clients, the problem they'll have is they struggle connecting with people and loneliness.

[329:15] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. And they start and they struggle meeting with meeting people. That is

[330:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of those strategies, right? Yeah, totally.

[331:17] Sue McGarvie: So, yeah, no, I'm open. I have a real

[332:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: passion, just so like, personally for that market, because I was homeschooled, and I couldn't meet people to save my life for years. And I taught myself like, I had a it was before I met my wife, I went on 30 dates through Tinder in 30 days, only, I'm gonna go on one date a day. That was my goal. And that was like, I mean, most of them were a disaster. There, you know, I had one one gal walk out on me at a sushi restaurant and, and just like, throw a fit, it was kind of funny. I was like, Okay, interesting. But I met my wife a month later, I gained that confidence of like, just putting myself out there getting rejected. Realizing Wait a sec, I actually didn't get rejected by anybody. Most of the time. That's, that's most people don't realize. And so and then like realizing, okay, what's the what's the woman that I would want to spend the rest of my life with? That's what taught me. And the next month, I met my wife through Facebook, and we've been together going on nine years now. So

[350:18] Sue McGarvie: that's a nice story. Yeah. familiar with it and do that. I'm gonna give it a try and see how it goes. And but I will be at all of your stuff. And it's okay. I booked out a month in advance, but I have cleared a budget as much. Yeah,

[354:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: very cool. Awesome. Thanks. All right. I'm

[356:14] Speaker 1: Eric. What's up, Eric?

[356:47] Eric Semel: Hi. Oh, you thank you for the great content this week. My question is mostly around the platform. So I'm going to help coach and I specialize in gut health. And I have a program that I've put together in high level, I would say it's about 80%. Complete. So I haven't, I haven't enrolled anybody yet. But I'm trying to get a handle on in addition to of course, the Facebook ads, what other things I might need, that can't be serviced from within high level because I know there's funnels in there. There's all sorts of, you know, bells and whistles. Oh, yeah.

[369:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, high levels great. Again, I, I'm even exploring high level and system i Oh, you know, I mean, it's amazing. It's like, I know, Russell Brunson. carved the way with Click Funnels and high level has kind of taken a lot of market share. I hear a lot of positive things. So about the go high level platform. So I think it's a great platform, we actually do have a class that's in there about using go high level to set up one of these businesses as well, that's in our members area. It's taught by a friend of mine, he basically took our he went through one of these five days with me, and then he's like, I'm gonna make a class for your people on how to do go high level and he's an affiliate of there. So you kind of if you're already part of it, you know, no big deal. If you haven't used go high level, he shows you how to use it. It's just another plat for anybody wondering what's go high level it's like, it's like Squarespace or click funnels, but it's like the Swiss Army knife of everything in there sends out your emails and all that. So it's a great platform. Um, again, you'll need to use chat GPT Yeah, you'll have to have a Stripe account. Yeah, have a Stripe account, you'll want to be set up to be able to do that. I'm trying to think I personally like having a separate email marketing system myself. So I might still use something like MailChimp for email, just to keep it separate. The reason why in my years, an online business email was like the first thing that existed on the internet. And I find that having your email platform separate from your marketing platform is a is is a one best practice that I recommend people do using a different company that's like dedicated to email. So it's a little bit different there. You can still use go high level stuff, it's fine. I think it's self contained. It does most of everything that you need to do. Um, other than like the Facebook ads platform. I think you're I think you're good to go there. So,

[403:01] Eric Semel: do you have any opinion about bucket I O?

[404:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Bucket? i Oh, that's is that from?

[405:19] Eric Semel: Ryan Lubeck? Yes. Ryan Lobeck.

[406:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah, I, I like his content. He's another one who's kind of, like really aligned with a lot of like our system, his whole ask model inspired how I, I take questions from people like, what are you struggling with and all that and we just filter that in there. I've not used bucket IO. I know. I know, Ryan, is somebody who puts a lot into in the his stuff out there. Again, I, if you like it, if you've used it, go ahead and use it. It all works for this the same kind of thing, what I what I like to do, and it's funny, you look at Ryan LiveX. A great example of this, his model for actually getting clients is exactly what we're teaching here, the the live event, he'll have a $23 event after it, he'll have like a $2,000 program plus tell you to join bucket IO. So he's all self contained in there. I look at like, how he's marketing his business is how I recommend all health coaches, mentors to grow their business, do these live events through the Facebook ads, get people in front of you, and present, and that's how, again, at scale, that's how we reach these multiple six figure, and even seven figure levels doing that. All right.

[428:24] Eric Semel: So if I have high level, I already have a Stripe account, chat GPT Facebook, so then what you're saying is I just might want to consider signing up with MailChimp. And then I'm kind of complete with

[432:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, as far as the platform's go. And then you'll want to you want to create your like your landing page offer your for your to grow the email list to have people sign up for you know, a free a free exposure training with you, you know, something, not run something that's 90 minutes long. You could do it on a Tuesday on a Thursday on a Saturday, whatever. And get some people in front of you to present what your how you help heal people's gut and really solve this problem for them. That's, that's that's the next step. All right.

[442:06] Eric Semel: And I wasn't sure if you could do the landing page through high level or whether I should go out outside of that play. Oh,

[443:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Yeah, high level is actually got a really great landing page builder in it. Okay, so yeah, yeah, yeah, it's um, my some I got a guy, he's a part of our program, he might click funnels and high level another guy who's really good at it. And he says he loves the high level landing page builder even better than click funnels. So. Yeah, high level is, that's that's where they did a great job of really kind of combining some of those features together. And I've heard nothing but great things about them. Yeah, so as a platform, I don't use them. That's why I'm like, Okay, do this, do that. But I know that you can do everything that you need to in there. So it's designed for this type of business model and marketing model.

[456:44] Eric Semel: So I have a lead magnet, which is a 15 page eBook on gut health, okay, and a thank you video when somebody puts in their name and email and they get the download, but, but the call to action is to schedule a free call with me. So it's maybe not the most direct approach in terms of building the business that is your

[463:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: will. And that's, that's where you can you can do that still. If you you know, take the feedback you get those from those free calls and create a create a live webinar training through zoom, and have people join you like a group of people on a q&a. So now you got more people at once that you can work with around that. Um, and then what's your call to action can be as your call to action can be separate from the the schedule a call, you can tell people to join you on one of these, you know, we're hosting a free live training to help you with this specific topic or area that you hear from people you want to pay attention to as well like, what's the pattern symptom that everybody keeps bringing up? And what's the pattern goal identifying in this like the signal to noise ratio of like what stands out as a most common problem that more people share with each other? That's what you build a free training around that then lets you present Again, you could present do a schedule a call with you, it's not a bad thing to do that, like if you guys are already have a system where they schedule a call with you, that's a great call to action even at the end of your offer webinar. For instance, instead of me sending you to go join the accelerator, an alternative could be that I would have you scheduled a call with me. And and that would have been great, you know, I probably would have done had like, you know, 30, people probably would have scheduled calls me, I don't do that. I don't do calls anymore. I've moved away from that. So now it's just jump in the program. That's the next step to do. And kind of just swapping one for the other. But it's not, it's not a bad thing to have, like the sales calls, I'd love to get you to where you got somebody else taking those calls that are not you personally. Yeah. And that could and now that becomes a great approach. I you know, I think in the next year, I'm going to add somebody who can who's like a salesperson that can field calls and answer questions and stuff like that with people. And you would just call that person like, like a success advisor, and have people schedule a time with a success advisor, you know, that's something that I'll be adding into my business. We don't use that. You don't need that until you hit multiple seven figures. Now it can get you there faster. It's I'm all for doing sales calls. That's it. That's the thing. I don't talk about it a lot. Because I know some people shy away from it, you don't need them. But if you're willing to do them, they benefit you a lot for sure as part of this, but they're just a value add to the whole thing. It just it adds. Let's go back to Sue's question that's going to now add like five to 10 hours to your to your week, right there. So yeah, better than outsource that. But you want to Well, I don't want to just outsource anybody who wants somebody who's good at sales, and good at actually connecting with people. So we have a class and the accelerator to all about I call it selling for people who really struggle with sales. It's in there as far as like, because I really struggled with sales, I was so nervous about what anybody would think about me. And so I did 400 calls with people. And I got really comfortable with it. So now like I'm really comfortable doing sales, but then they're selling to a group versus selling one on one. It's, it's a lot more similar than you think, selling to a group, then when I want. It's all a lot of it starts with mindset. But it's how do you how do you sell to a group? There's a few nuances to it. So we cover that as well in that course.

[524:35] Eric Semel: My last question is for the call to action, if it is schedule a call with me. How long do you recommend that that call be? So anywhere from 15 minutes? Where do you buy?

[527:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I've seen that range 15 to 45, it depends on I would do a test I would actually do like alternate like one day do 15 One do, like alternate it and see how long you feel like it needs you you need to spend to get the person to buy from you 45 minutes lousy to really build trust with somebody and get them to buy from you, you're going to do a lot better, because you can spend like 95% of that call just listening to them. And and you know, versus 15 minutes can feel really rushed. So that's one thing that I've seen people do as well I've seen a two step process where you might do an initial 15 minute, and then you qualify the person for a longer call later. So you do a 15 minute to see if they're even a good fit. And if they are a good fit, then you can say well, here's what I want to do, I want to get you on my schedule for CEU a deep dive here, it's free, completely free, it's gonna be a it's gonna be about an hour and so you qualify them on one of those 15 minute deals. Um, again, great benefit to doing this. It's just it adds time to your schedule, see that you got to outsource that to somebody or you got to do it yourself. What I like is once you do that enough though your presentation to a group works just as good as doing a sales call. And that's where that's where we've gotten to where we don't even have to do sales calls. I think maybe if I did them I might bump bump up our closing rate a little bit but as of now I'm not doing any sales calls in any time till next year. I do do them for one on one clients. That's that's the only thing it's not really a sales call though. I call it more of like a discovery call. So like if you're already in our group program and you'll want to do one on one coaching with me. I'll do just for members that are part of our program that's the qualifier I'll do like an hour call with you to see if one on one is a good fit. So That's the only time that I do that. And we only promote that like, maybe twice a year. So I'm not I don't even have any openings for that right now.

[563:18] Speaker 1: Yeah. All righty. Thank you. Thank you, right.

[564:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Michelle, Michelle, can Apple camp?

[565:36] Speaker 1: Hello? How are you?

[566:38] Speaker 5: I'm good. Just picking up my kid from school. So if there's some interruptions, that's what's happening. So my question is about NutraSweet sequences and email sequences of a little bit overwhelmed with that whole situation. Okay. Yeah, sure how many emails I should send out to who and you know, the people that are in my Facebook group? Need some for my program coming up? But then I need some for the people who didn't actually come over to the Facebook group. Correct? And how many do I do?

[574:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Um, first off, however many you feel comfortable with is good. I, I'm willing to do one one to two emails a day to people that are not a part of a program, once they're in or registered for something else, and one in the morning, one like an hour before the session, 115 minutes before, and I'll still send like once a day to my main list, reminding them, hey, we had this session, here's the replay. So I'm even I'm sending we have auto responder emails that send for like four or five of them to people that are actually registered for a program. So that's why I have people register, they go into a different sequence over here. And we have a gal who actually helps us schedule all of that out in MailChimp. She works with us, she's somebody that we can put you in contact with to, to help you do that. But once people are like registered for training, they get multiple emails, if they're not registered, I do once a day, just to stay in front of people. And most of those emails now, I'm having chat GPT right them and I edit them. So a lot of the emails we send out as far as like what to say in the email, I my first step is I tell chat GPT what my goal is with the email, how to write it, how to send that out. And so we have some different lessons as well that teach you how to do that. We have some different lessons, we have a whole course called friendly follow up how to nurture your subscribers the right way. That's also in the in the program, too.

[599:51] Speaker 5: So what about the people like I was telling you who have signed up on my farm but haven't actually clicked into the Facebook group? Do I worry about those? Or do I just let them go?

[602:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so again, that's where I send, if they sign up for the forum, they're gonna have an an autoresponder that goes out once a day, just telling them to join our Facebook group. Even if you don't add, though, you're not going to get about maybe 60 to 70% Jumping in the Facebook group. The other percentage there? I don't know. They won't even open the emails, they were probably just Funnel Hacking me at this point. It's like, they're just looking to see what my funnel is. It probably is one of your who's doing that with a fake email.

[611:44] Speaker 5: Any competitors? Yeah. Well, you'd

[612:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: be surprised once you start running Facebook ads, anybody who is basically doing similar to you, they're gonna click through and they're gonna sign up, and they're good. So they're, those are generally going to be the ones who'd like don't actually show up. Or they just they, they were just curious, but they weren't really serious.

[617:22] Speaker 5: Or you stopped the emails? Or is there a certain amount where, like, yeah,

[618:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I'll send four of those, like, for four days. Um, as far as like stopping the emails go, I look at if somebody's been on my email list for a year, and hasn't opened any of them, I'll remove them. Okay. But generally, that's part of my goal is to send an email at least once or even twice a day to my list to get because people will unsubscribe themselves if they don't want to keep receiving emails from you. And so the ones who are still on your list, I haven't unsubscribed. They're, I mean, they're constantly opening at least half the emails we send out. And that's how we're in we're continuing to engage. So that's where we we have one offer that we send out. That's where we vary it. I might send Hey, I was just thinking about you. I wrote this article today. Hey, I was you know, I've made this video on my social media. So that's like, long term there on our list. I'm continuing to create material that can help people that I'll send for free to my list. And then my goal is hey, we might have a we have a training this Saturday all about starting your coaching business. If you haven't jumped in yet. Check it out. Here's the link and if you're on my email list, you'll see how I send those As emails out, that's exact way to do it too for you.

[641:07] Speaker 5: Okay, so is there on there on your chat GPT Google Doc, is there something in there about how to write the sequence emails?

[643:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not necessarily. Um, there isn't one like as far as writing the sequence emails, what I look for is I'll, I've always jumped on somebody else's webinar training, and then I'll copy that email, and then I'll have it rewrite it for my stuff.

[648:34] Speaker 5: Oh, yeah, you're asking for it.

[649:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so there's that. But I guess if we go into chat, jvt let's just, you know, anything we can think about, let's chat CBT. They added a really cool feature this morning, just side note to chat GBT where it'll, it'll actually you can have a conversation with it. Or it's, hey, hey, Chad, GBT. I'm here with a group of people and teaching them about creating email autoresponders. And they were asking, do you first off, can you act as if you're an email marketing expert for coaches, trainers and mentors, now that you got that, they want to know, like a four part email sequence, to when somebody signs up for their free training. They want a four party email sequence that just reminds people of what they signed up for, and sends them to check it out, or to click on the Zoom link or the Facebook groups. So if you could create like four template emails for that, that'd be great.

[665:59] Speaker 5: That's crazy.

[666:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, this is crazier watch.

[667:11] Speaker 1: Of course, I'd be happy to help. Let's draft a four part email sequence for your coaches, trainers and mentors. Remember, these templates are just a starting point. Personalizing and tweaking them to match the brand voice is crucial. Email one welcome and confirmation subject. Welcome aboard. Your FREE TRAINING details inside. First Name. Thanks for signing up.

[674:15] Speaker 5: Now, is that going to be written out or just all voice?

[675:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's also going to be written out, which is really cool. So let's, actually well, so I'm gonna pull it up right here. Here it is. Wow. So it's right here in chat GBT. On your account. Yeah. And so then what I, what I'll do is I'll, I'll take my offer, and what it is, generally, like, what I'll do is I'll go here, and I'll be like, Okay, here's my offer. Let's copy this, I'll just copy what the whole offer is. And we'll we'll say

[685:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: great start, can you make the emails relevant to this info, and then I'll just copy and paste it from the sales copy from my page. So it'll start to it'll actually craft them to be relevant to what my offer is sure. Welcome to your five day transformation. Congrats on the bold step of increasing your revenue. I'm thrilled to have you onboard over the next few days and pulling back the curtain sharing strategy. These are actually better than half the emails I'm already sending out, I should probably copy these. You're welcome. Until it's like this is this is great as far as using chat GPT to come up with some ideas for different articles that you know, when people sign up. What this is, again, these would even fall in line with marketing emails. So what I might do is I'll go in here and I'll tell it Hey. They got stuck. It didn't save it, unfortunately. So that's okay, though. So I'll I'll tell I'll wait. No, here. Here it is. It's right here. It's this one.

[703:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not because it's not done yet. That's the one thing anyway. Can you write these emails with a template for a link to join the training? As well as a link to the Facebook group?

[708:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't know, I think they're updating it right now. I think I might have broke their code. Which is funny. So yeah,

[711:04] Speaker 5: I know. Now they can fix it just for

[711:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, exactly. You

[712:39] Speaker 5: that's good. Thanks for securing response, my kid.

[713:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. So it gives you it gives you great ideas as far as doing that, which adds up to Yeah. All right, Francoise, what's up? Nothing much.

[717:35] Speaker 6: Thank you so much, Jeremiah. Appreciate you as usual. I actually had a couple questions but they're gonna they're really brief. My First question is as like I stated yesterday, I started recording, getting my

[721:41] Speaker 1: getting my Facebook

[722:22] Speaker 6: group together, and also doing videos to nurture the group. And I'm realizing the cost the I'm looking at how you come across on screen. Yeah, and how I'm coming across on screen and there's a big difference in terms of quality. So I wanted to ask a few questions. Technically wise, what are you using? That's like my first question.

[728:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, one of them is that that changes the quality is I have a light right here behind my camera. So look at when I turn the light off, right, the quality changes right there. So having a light and I ordered all this from Amazon. So we got a light right here. Let me actually here I'm gonna, I'm gonna jump in on another device. I can actually show you all this. So you're gonna see two two faces of me on here see me?

[737:41] Speaker 6: Yep. Awesome.

[738:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. I'm on my phone here. Now. Let me see if I do flip the camera around. Okay. So here's this this ring light right here. Yep. So this was about 30 bucks off of Amazon. Right? This camera was 30 bucks there's a little webcam that sits on top alright and then I have this microphone is a USB microphone the blue so that's it that's basically it. Okay my computer right there then we just for behind me we set up some shelves I got this IKEA strip lighting. Yeah. Just threw up some literally just some stuff on a shelf. I'm probably gonna change this here soon. But like yeah, just some stuff on the shelves behind me to kind of create that sort of some depth really depth to have that behind you. And then I got my my easel right up Amazon. They also they sell and I might buy one there's a digital whiteboard that you can get to. It's all digital, and you just swipe and the pages are all saved. But it's cool. So yeah, so that's that's awesome. If we're if we're gonna like stay like why does it you know, the look of everything. It's all those little pieces put together. And I'm telling you like the budget on all that it's really not a lot yeah. Because you could go

[762:17] Speaker 6: Yeah, I'm noticing because the Yeah, because I noticed the only thing that I guess I'm missing because I have the light at position one in front of me. I don't have the back lights like you do but I'm noticing I'm using my MacBook camera. And so I'm thinking maybe just a MacBook camera different digital camera.

[769:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: The MacBook camera is pretty good The other thing is is I got the camera yeah look at just the position of the camera if you're down here this is further die that's like lower look at so this is yeah, well I've always been taught you want that camera above your line of sight above your eyeline guys, we use the MacBook I would prop it up on some books and have it point down a little bit. So that that automatically right there creates a better like, angle having the camera right there. That's one of the like, just having some light. And if you don't have light, have the window open. You know when you light too. But I'm here in I just have one light up above in the room here. I don't have a lot of light behind me. Right. And so yeah, so it is true. Yeah, if you have a window behind you, and that's the main source of light, it's gonna back shadow you. Gotcha. So that so it's better that you have something brighter in front of you. And that'll help a lot. That'll help more than any other piece of like equipment. Just raise your camera up and get you a light and you'll and maybe throw up you can get like a neon sign and a few little colored lights out by Amazon. Yeah, throw some stuff behind you. And now you like you got the look. It's like

[792:33] Speaker 6: yeah, you're right. It's awesome. I love it. Yeah, I love it. That was my first question. So that's good to know. I'm gonna get a webcam they'll just put on top of that. Yeah, and probably use also if I can do another angle as well. And I

[796:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: personally I've set out to use the least expensive equipment. Yeah, the reason why I continue to do that to this day is I want to show people like you can you can do it on on lower budget, you don't need a budget to do everything. You know, I mean, today like my facebook ads budget now it's about 8000 a month. That's what I'm spending on Facebook ads, but we're bringing in more than that in sales. Right. And so and so what that does is just combined with like the VIPs. And then when we get new members in our program, that's really profitable for us to do that. But I started out with 500 bucks. Um, I'm looking to now that we got things dialed in, I'm talking with we're getting like a five year plan together, I want to take out an SBA loan, and be able to leverage that into the Facebook ads with with an SBA loan to be able to scale so I can spend 20 30,000 on that. So some of y'all are like, well, like, where do you come up with those budgets, it's better to come up with it. For Facebook ads on credit, here's why. Because you can pay it off later, especially if the campaign fails, you're not on the hook of like you lost all this cash. So it's better, I believe, to use credit cards than cash for your Facebook ads. Overall, it's a good, it's a good practice to really make sure you can manage credit well, don't like spend more than you're bringing in, treat it as if it's cash. That's one of the first things you can get in a hole real quick, with credit cards. But yeah, my goal is keep our credit paid off as much as possible. So we have it to leverage into our marketing and sales.

[826:39] Speaker 6: Okay, awesome. You kind of went right into my second question. So that's awesome. I was we were You were mentioning the 200 to $500 budget for the for the ad spin. And I was going to ask is that when you're starting out? Would that be monthly? Or would that be weekly, bi weekly, like that? How does that look? Yeah,

[832:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could do it like her campaigns. If you do one or two campaigns a month, it would be for each campaign, you could split it like 202 100 into two campaigns 400 that month, as far as that goes. So what I'll do so what I'm doing right now is I put 2500 into each campaign, what I'm doing, and then I'll do maybe like 500 to 1000 and retargeting ads. So I'll run three webinars on a Saturday like you were on. And I'll spend 2500 to go to each one of those. But then I use that to tell people to join me on the five days, so I'm only retargeting the five days. So I'm not spending a lot on ads for the five day event. Because I use it to get people to the initial one day webinars with me. So that's, that's not everybody needs to do it that approach where you have like a one day webinar, and then you have a five day, most people most of y'all can get away with either just one one day webinar or even a three day. The reason why I do that my niche is like very competitive. And so because there's so many competitors in my niche, or taking that extra time doing that is what, like if you're, if you're teaching people what I teach, you kind of you kind of have to have more touch points with people overall. Like one touch points, fine.

[855:45] Speaker 6: You're teaching us a lot too, because just just with seeing all of that, just looking at how you marketed to us to get us to show us that, you know, we actually had a problem. We do.

[859:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I've done right here last couple of weeks.

[860:09] Speaker 6: So we did the one day and then you got us in the five day but the reality of it is looking at how it's flowing. It's basically the blueprint. And now we have the accelerator opportunity, you know, so hopefully we can help you earn some pay you back for that value. And get some of that adspend back.

[865:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, I love it. It's great. We're doing we're doing we're doing really good with with this. It's been really profitable for us. Um, I'm super thankful for this, this opportunity. I thought I thought it was gonna take me a couple years to be able to like buy my own house. And so just the fact that we were able to buy a house has been a testament to that. How well it's worked like in our business so right No, we gotta get help y'all get multiple houses and properties. That's what I want. I want to help people get get property for their families get you know, investing, because that's the thing like this is I see this business as like a first step for most people in business, to be able to grow their capital, their cash flow. And then like, the sky's the limit for where you could go from here.

[880:00] Speaker 1: financially. Yeah. So that's awesome. All right. That's awesome.

[881:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, let's see anybody else got any other questions here? Today? Raise your hand. I'll take probably maybe one or two more questions here before we close out.

[885:43] Speaker 1: Any more,

[885:55] Speaker 6: no more.

[886:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right, everybody. Well, hey, listen, tomorrow is going to be really, really good. We're going to tie it all together with how to you as as Francois said, you can see the process, how we do it, I'm gonna break down for you. The whole process of really what we've done for the last three weeks, from the Facebook ads to actually like closing the sale. What do you say? How do you get that? How do you actually like, go from total stranger, the Facebook ad and the process of turning it into sales for you. We're gonna pull back the curtain on that whole process tomorrow. That's why I'd say day five is really awesome. And then yeah, the enrollment on the accelerator is open till next Tuesday. There's no risk to try it for 30 days. That's it. Just try it out. That's all I'm asking you to do. I can't wait to see y'all in there. I've seen a number of yellow have even jumped in already. So I'll see you tomorrow, and we'll talk soon. Have a good one.

