VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-07-14T21:08:44.000Z
Duration: 78 min
Otter ID: gL2_hXbapV6f2ysPz_1N7w0p16k
---

[0:21] Speaker 0: It's gonna live in the group live in our accelerator group woohoo This is great.

[4:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh wow, there's already a bunch of people on that's cool.

[5:25] Speaker 0: That's more people that are normally on

[8:51] Speaker 0: post this to CGA client or accelerator group. There we go. All right. Ah, it's funny when I'm in zoom. I get to let people in

[13:39] Speaker 0: it lets me decide if I'm gonna let people in. So there we go.

[16:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty. All righty. All righty. What's up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. My phone has been blowing up there. The the lender wants me to call them and go over a whole bunch of stuff. So um, I'll try to keep this till just seven minutes after after three. You know, they need the paperwork signed to close on the House next week. We do our final walkthrough Sunday, which is fun. They've been calling me all morning. Yeah, it's it's fun. They just opened up a new Costco as well. In the town, where are our houses, which is fun. So we went to the grand opening of Costco this morning, which is, which was cool. We love Costco. All right. Anybody got any questions? Here? I'm assuming that most of y'all were in the main session, raise your hand if your questions don't just speak out. Raise your hand. And then I'll take your questions here. Mary, how are you doing? Mary?

[36:11] Speaker 0: I'm fine. I'm actually in office today. So I have to be very discreet. Welcome in office.

[37:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: We won't. We won't tell any other corporate whistleblowers that you're on here. That's okay. We'll help you make money. So then you don't need can leave the office. There you go.

[40:36] Speaker 0: Yeah, I normally telework anyway. But yeah. My question is this. You said that you have the the normal meetings on Monday? What time?

[43:05] Speaker 1: Yeah, they're at noon, Eastern 11. Central. And we we have a number of people to where they watch the recordings of those as well. And they get a lot of value out of those if they can't attend live. So

[46:37] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah, that's when those are. Okay. Yeah.

[48:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can also throughout the week, you can always post in the group and ask questions, and I'm interacting in the group in there as well. So what a lot of people do we have a number of people, they'll watch the recording? And then they'll be like, Okay, here's my question right here. We'll even record a quick little video of themselves posted in the group. And then I'll go in, and I'll respond back and do that. So we kind of people make it work, however, works best for them, which is, which is really awesome. And I appreciate that and people so.

[55:19] Speaker 0: Okay, that's cool. Doug, how are you, man? Good.

[56:41] Speaker 2: So I see your pricing, I guess a year and if you pay monthly exactly the same, is there a reason you're not incentivizing someone to buy a yearly

[59:28] Speaker 0: um,

[60:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I didn't want to I like the pricing. I came up with the pricing. When I looked at Apple Computer, when I go buy a computer from Apple, they allow for 0% For a year type pricing. And I think that it's very attractive to people to do that. I'm also wanting more of the kind of the recurring revenue versus all upfront from the yearly and so I know a lot of people do it differently. It's been really good for us to do it this way. I don't think there's anybody in online marketing that does, it was a spark of an idea that I had, I was going to buy a computer and I was like, how they have their pricing they haven't listed there. It's like, for 149 68 a month at 0%. And I was like that would be a really cool way to price. You know, because we want people when they're joining, it's there. They're committing for a year in the program. But I didn't want to upcharge that just to do the monthly payment. And so it's the same pricing whether you pay upfront or not. It just depends on do you want to take it out each month where maybe you'll forget or your credit card might expire or you can have it taken out up front? That choice is yours gives you options.

[79:37] Speaker 0: Okay, makes sense. Thanks.

[80:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do also offer, when I do one on one coaching, I can do financing up to 50,000 as well with a credit partner. But that's only for us people. So Coach financing.com You ever heard of them, they basically approve anybody as long as you have an LLC. And you're in the US, but they are very easy. You just pay one upfront fee, they spin up a site for you where people take unsecured personal loans out for the coaching that you want to do. And then they have to wire you the cash as far as that goes. But that worked out really well for us when I did offer some one on one coaching with people. That is they can finance it for 24 or 36, all the way up to 60 months in doing that. And that's a great way as well as if you want to sell high ticket is offering financing that way. So there's a few different options to do that. I don't offer coach financing for the accelerator. I did one time and it nobody took it. So I decided I'm not not going to offer coach financing. So I do it's called in house financing. No credit check. I treat it more like they're financing the 12 months versus it's a monthly recurring deal. All right, I think yeah, yeah. All right. Anybody else raise your raise your hand or physically raise your hand on screen if you don't know how to do it. Or in the chat be like I want to raise my hand in the chat. So Kevin's here and then I see Cheryl raised her so I'll take Cheryl next. Kevin, What's up, buddy?

[106:32] Speaker 3: What's up, man? I have a couple of questions that are written down so I don't ramble. First question. What do you host your courses on? Is it Squarespace or something else?

[108:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thinkific I think it's okay, I use think if ik.com because I liked their I like their pricing model. And I like their features. And it's it's what I learned how to use in 2016 2017. And so because of that, I've just stuck with it since then. I know there's others out there, I still think Kajabi is really incredible. I'd taken a look at even the courses and go high level go high levels pretty cool. We're starting to explore even possibly using go high level for some stuff because it seems to bring a lot of this stuff together in a great way. As I mentioned, the platform to apply what we teach, it's independent, so you can use whatever platform works best for you. If if somebody is like okay, I'm really stuck technically technically challenged. We have three courses in there ones on Click Funnels from Steven Robbins one is all about setting up and go high level with my buddy Adam lucky he recorded us a course. And he's got his white labeled high level in there that you can work with him on, or SquareSpace is the course that I threw in there because Squarespace has a unique advantage that I still haven't found from any other funnel builder is it's the lowest cost with all the features you need. Because it's it's under 20 bucks a month, 2030 bucks a month to get started. And it's also the simplest to learn in an afternoon how everything works together, because you don't have to learn a lot of complicated stuff. So I found that Squarespace seems to be like, the simplest and cheapest to work with while still getting like professional level features. But yeah, I think if it go high level Click Funnels. Something that sad that I see happen with people is they bounced between platforms, they never get to launch in their offer ever. And I find that that seems to be more of a problem in this industry than anything else is everybody's hopping between platforms, but they're never selling anything. They're just they're becoming like tech obsessed with all the tech. Usually those people they end up building funnels for other people as like a service or an agency anyways. So they start because they're like they're they're nerdy on that side of things. But if you're as a business owner, I would say use what's simple that you can get off the ground to start getting clients and I told the lady the other day Wix, you could use Wix, you can use WordPress, they all they all can get you to the same finish line. What I teach in my program is what I use personally and what I think is the simplest for a beginner to learn. And then if you know more than a beginner, you'll be able to learn the other platforms very easily as well if you want to use something else,

[153:54] Speaker 3: totally was thinking thick. Is it an app? Or is it something you got to go on desktop or like log into, like your phone Internet app.

[155:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a it's a desktop one, but they have like a mobile version that you can see on your phone. They do have an app or they can brand it to your offer as far as that goes. But really it's just a it's just a learning management system where you upload the code versus the lessons, and I like it. I think everybody who's used it with us has liked it as well. So

[162:11] Speaker 3: awesome. Okay, a couple more questions. How do you measure your audience's retention and application interest in each course? Are you like rolling out? It Out is like a program almost in your group coaching, like the two new courses you launch each month, you're like, we're going to talk about this in our next session. So make sure to watch this course before Is it almost like a book club style? Or is it something? Are you looking at analytics to see what people are interested in? Like? How do you pull that? No,

[168:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not looking at those analytics. I'm looking at that what I analyzed the most, it's not the numbers of like retention. I've tried to look at those in there. And it's like, still confusing to me. So what I look at is, what are people in the group that come on our calls saying that they're stuck with? So if I keep hearing, okay, I'm stuck with this, I'm stuck in this area, I'm stuck in this area. That shows me, what that tells me is that I need to do a better job of covering that topic. More with a with a course. And so that's what I'll do. I'll teach it on the calls, I'll teach lessons on our calls. We do lessons each week, in our calls, where I'm sharing different stuff, and I'll go through different things like that. But if if I'm noticing, okay, five to 10, people asked the same question. And the answer was the same for all of them, that now is going to become a course that I'm going to put together. And then generally those people will go through it. And that's what happened with the one that we're doing right now that we just finished the successful webinars and challenges. One is we've had sort of this recurring for about six months, people are like, man, you know, I did my offer, I don't feel confident in knowing what to say in there. So I really I spent six weeks breaking down the nuances of what you say specifically, in your challenge in your webinar. And what's really cool is you can use my webinars and my challenges. I have an AI generated outline for each one that goes down the list of what I cover. And so then what you can use as you can use chat, GBT, what you're offering there, and my webinar outline, and it will recreate the webinar outline, based on how I do it, but based on what your offer is, and people found that to be really helpful, which is fun. So

[200:19] Speaker 3: cool. Yeah, I was, I was just curious, like, are people in the calls the group coaching call saying, I went through this training, and it was so helpful, like, are you getting something directly?

[202:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I am getting a lot of that direct feedback from people. And that's why I'm covering this like a specific course each month to keep my focus on that, but they're still like, okay, just because I'm covering Facebook ads, doesn't mean that that's all that somebody is going through in the course, they might not be ready for that yet. So in the program, they might be going through the funnel building course it's in the members area, you know that. So what I recommend people do is to go through, you don't need to go, the worst thing in the accelerator, please do not do this, is to try to go through all the courses and then launch your business. The problem with that is this is that by the time you do that, everything will have changed, right. So that's like the crazy part about marketing that there's no way around that I tell people this is with the pre recorded content, use any sort of downtime or dead time or like you're washing the dishes or commuting or, and have like a little earbud in your ear, have it on your phone playing so that you can go through the content while you're doing other things. And you'll catch it that way is a great way to go through some of the content but only focus on with the pre recorded courses. The step that you're actually at in what you're building. So whatever you're like okay, I'm stuck in this area. That's the the course that you're you'll want to focus on. Because otherwise you can get really distracted with it's it's it's a it's analysis paralysis, and I love what Rick Pino used to call it an addiction to learning. Yeah, you become allergic to actually taking action. And so I see, I see that happen with so many people. The reason why is the human brain is so incredible to study the chemical wiring of our brain, when we're learning new things. It feels like we're taking action even if we don't. So some people get addicted to just learning new stuff without actually doing anything with it. And so that's one of the things that I do challenge everybody each week. I'm like, Okay, let's be accountable to what are we taking action on? Have we progressed forward from where we were last month? And if not, let's be honest with ourselves and say, Okay, what was going on? Why did I not progress forward? By the way every Anything that we do in the accelerator, I didn't even touch on this much this week, I always hinge it around a foundation of self compassion, not beating yourself up not punishing yourself not getting angry at yourself or comparing yourself to other people of like, okay, well, they're further along than I am, and I haven't done enough. That doesn't help anybody, when I say is, is this is okay, let's say you haven't made progress in a month. And by the way, this might help some of you in just your everyday life, maybe you haven't made progress in a month on something, instead of being upset with ourselves, if we say, You know what, I've been a human living a human experience having another rough month. But I'm gonna move forward and do better next month than I did before, instead of looking back at what we wish we did differently that I found, in my experience, it doesn't help me. And so by having compassion on the fact that, okay, maybe this was a rough month that I went through, and then we get back on the horse the next month, or maybe we take a month off. Strategic time off is one of the most valuable things that you can do, especially if you feel overwhelmed, pulling back, instead of leaning forward with a strategic timeline, okay, I'm going to take off for two weeks, four weeks, and then I'm going to get back on it you want to save, it would be getting an end date to that off time, but it's for recovery, your brain will thank you and your creativity, if you feel stalled creatively, it will come back by you taking time off. So we encourage that even in the program as like, some people are like, oh, man, I haven't been on the calls for three months, I feel and I'm just like, hey, that's okay, you're here today, let's congratulate that let's not be upset that maybe, you know, things hadn't progressed for three months, I'm saying that because like this is this is the experience of people that are in any program is that they, they get really excited in the beginning. And then sometimes around three or four months in, they might be like, oh, you know, I need to take a break. And that's okay. And that's why I say commit to being in there for a year. Because there are those ebbs and flows that go on, I find that, that that provides people with the best type of thing, and you're always going to get encouraged for me to actually prioritize self care, prioritize, doing what fills you up, personally, not just for your business, and then what your business will actually flow from that. That's why I spent the morning with my wife and with my son, and, and we got up early. I was up late last night. But we got up early and did that because it's important to me to do that. Because everything else that you see here flows out of that.

[282:19] Speaker 3: All right, totally. And with a bonus session saying Is there a method to the madness there like because I know that adding bonuses, you're saying, you know in some of those things help convert, like the deadline with this. The true scarcity of that, you know, is the Bonus Session thing helped convert more people to

[287:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it does having different bonuses does help. Well, actually, let me let me ask you this when you define bonuses, because we've given a few different bonuses, which one are you talking about?

[290:22] Speaker 3: I'm talking about the tomorrow session and the more sales are is that to reduce

[292:38] Speaker 0: questions

[293:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: on I'm I can I level with you here I love you and A sessions. It's like, my favorite thing in the world to do. So for one thing, I actually like, enjoy having sessions like this, it's super fun for me, I would say I like this better than teaching people I love interacting in a group setting with people. It's super fun for me, I get I learned some I learn as much as you guys are learning through this type of stuff. And so in that after sessions like this, I know that there's some people who they still didn't jump in the VIP. What I noticed is a lot of those people hop on the bonus q&a days. And then what that helps me identify is okay, the ones who didn't happen the VIP what's different with their questions. So it's more of a it's more of an exploratory feedback loops. I have everything I'm always analyzing the feedback loop at every level. And I'm taking every feedback good, bad, ugly, whatever it is as valuable. Um, no, I might not agree with all the feedback. I might not even like a dress all the feedback that I get, but it goes into a pot. And to me it's all data. And now that we have AI to analyze the data, I want to show you guys something crazy that just popped up on the market like three days ago with AI I haven't even told our group this yet. So there's an app it's called po po.com And they are allowing you to use GPT for 32,000 context in here. So 32,000 context Is 30 Let me see 30 32,000 lm LLM tokens equal in words. That is 64,000 words, you could put in one prompt. Wow. So the average q&a hour long q&a that we're having right here is about 16 is about 32,000 words. So I can put two hours of q&a sessions in here and have it analyzed that for me, with the GPT four engine. Now, as part of getting access to Poe, there's no way that the public can now access the 32,001. Because if you're using chat GPT, you're limited to about 8000 words. And that's all that it can read. But this version allows you to use up to 32,000. It's just it's really pricey. It's really expensive. It's $20 a month for only 100 messages a month. So like you get just a few to do that. But if I want to do analysis of like a long transcript, that's what I'm going to do with that. They also provided the 16k version of chat GPT in the playground. So in open AI is playground right here. They will allow you to put in 32,000 words right here under the 30, the 3.5 Turbo 16k. And I had been using that to analyze a lot of our transcripts. So if I go in, and I grab, I'm just going to I'm just going to show you like how I do this on the fly here. I'm gonna take yesterday's transcript that we did. I have it in Otter AI otter AI is an app that automatically transcribe stuff, it's automatically linked to zoom. And so even while I'm talking right here, look at otter AI is literally transcribing everything that I'm saying right now, while I'm on this call with you. It's taking screenshots. So this is this is actually taking everything that I'm talking about right here. And it's being transcribed into my archive that I have right here. So that's why I have the otter AI in the Zoom meeting with us it's doing this, I can go back to so this is yesterday's right here. And I can take this and I can say Export. And I'm just gonna copy all this text, this is the whole transcript. And now we're gonna go over to the 16k right here. And here's what I'm going to ask it, I'm going to say, Make me a list of all of the topics that were talked about in this transcript. And what are the top 10 pain points that were addressed. So I'm gonna paste that transcript in there. And it tells me, okay, I'm just over by just a few tokens. So I'll just delete like the tail end of it here real quick, and then it should it should work. Let's bring this down a little bit. Okay, still too much. Still too many tokens, guys, we got to delete a little bit off at the end here. Sometimes I'll do that. And then I'll delete a little bit off the end. And then I'll go back and I will read, paste it and then reprocess it. There we go. So now what it's giving me is, these are the topics that we talked about yesterday in the VIP framework for live events, importance of having a call to action in a webinar, running Facebook ads for webinars, closing dates for webinars, top pain points, not having a clear structure for the live events not having including call to action under estimating the importance of a clear call to action, inaccurate expectations about results for Facebook ads, things like that. So it's telling me by analyzing the transcript questions, Now, not all of this is going to be accurate. That's where I have to use my instincts and intuition and experience to kind of read between the lines of all that but all of that data is so valuable for creating offers writing emails, I'll take what's talked about in the q&a, and I'll, I'll have it print out a lot of those topics. And then I'll say, Okay, write an email that invites people to the accelerator, but make sure to cover these topics in the email, you guys will end up getting an email that's like that, this week, and watch for it and see if you could recognize which one was written that way. If I'm like, Okay, we're gonna cover this this and this is because I analyzed the transcript and I had it actually create that in our email. That's part of that. And so that's how we're able to increase our conversion rates by using AI to analyze a lot of this and I just do it real real quickly before I go read an email. I haven't written a marketing email for our business without AI is helping over a year. So what I'll do is I'll tell the AI what type of email I want it right. And it will come up with a draft for me, and I'll start to correct it. And then what I'll do is if I find something I like, I will then dictate it into my phone, a different version of that email that sounds like me. And then I'll tell chat GBT to format what I dictated as an email. And then I'll just copy that into MailChimp and send it all right. I mean, it's not dumb, but you get it's, it's really cool stuff that you can do. And so that's why like, as the more comfortable you get with chat, GBT, it's gonna affect your whole business. It's made me better at coaching people, because I'll look at all of this, what I'm looking for is patterns. What what patterns are rising to the top. And so if there's a topic that's like, every time I talk with people, it's covered, okay? That's a pattern that I'm gonna pay attention to. And now that becomes maybe a new free offer, or a new webinar that I'm gonna put out there. You know, some of the topics from here any of these topics that we just pulled from yesterday's, I could literally create a webinar on the right call to action for your Facebook ads, what's the right time to run your Facebook ads, how to use PDFs to grow your business, those can be literally three webinars that I create. Now, I probably wouldn't create those free three webinars now. But I know in the future that I may, one way that I test out ideas for webinars before I do them, this is a little idea is I will make a YouTube video, instead of a webinar, I'll just do like a 2030 minute YouTube video talk about a topic that might be a future webinar, I'll send it to my email list. And what I'm paying attention to is how many of them are clicking and watching the video. And that gauges interest for me on future webinar topics as well. So these are all like little strategies that I share in our accelerator. These are a little strategies that I share all the time on on my podcast and my social media and things like that. That can help you.

[433:10] Speaker 3: Sounds good. I've had multiple times this week where I'm like, I played myself, so I appreciate you. What do you mean? This just with like not not using chat? GPT I'm like, I've been playing myself this whole time. So yeah, I'm super excited. I'm a part. Like I just joined the accelerator thing while you're in.

[438:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. I can't wait to spend the next 30 days with you in there. That's awesome. Thank you. I'm super pumped. Very cool. All right. Anybody else? Oh, Cheryl's got a question. That's right. What's up Cheryl?

[443:07] Speaker 4: unmute myself here. Hi. Hey, I am joined the accelerator. I'm so awesome. So psyched to get in there. So I went in and I algorithm

[446:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need to have like a Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, like Bell?

[447:41] Speaker 4: Somewhere in here? Oh, no, you're on Facebook. Somewhere in here. They have like the confetti comes down. Yeah. You're seeing that? So but I think that's in zoom. So they do that. So I signed up for the Facebook group, how long is it before I get into the Facebook group?

[452:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: After this call? I'll go in. And

[453:18] Speaker 4: so here's my question. I'm in your Facebook group, like I'm in the back of the program. And I know that my my Facebook group is a lot less expensive than this. But you've got all these different courses in here. In the accelerated group in the back end on the Facebook group do you have? Do you save all of your meetings monthly or trainings in the in the would you call it in the guide section?

[461:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're in the group. And they're also in the members area when you log in on my website over at members at Jeremiah krakowski.com. So they're more organized over there.

[464:16] Speaker 4: Okay, my question is like, Okay, I have a group, and I only charge $47 a month, and every month, I just hit on a new topic that I'm going to be in mainly assist to help and women, you know, learn how to use social media to grow the business. So I put in the guide section, month after month, all of the videos, and all the information, brought this up to me one month and said, Well wait a minute, I joined in January, and I've been paying you month after month somebody else comes in in July, and they get to watch all of those trainings. Why should I even sign up until like maybe halfway or toward the end of the year? And I'm thinking wow, you know,

[474:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a that's a I wouldn't even address that question. I would say yeah, you know how much you consume and go through and apply that's that's

[476:59] Speaker 4: exactly what I did tellers, because what's gonna happen is, nobody's gonna go in and spend a day batching all of those videos and then you only retain about the first admitted to what you learned anyway. So if you're not going to get all of it you're going to, and there's too many people out there that are just on there. They just always, they're always trying to just learn, learn and learn, but they're not implementing right. Yeah. I call them serial learners. And that's all they do. I have got people in my group like that. And they just

[485:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's okay, I guess. But I wouldn't I would encourage people I say, you know, pay attention to that, that behaviors not serving your financial goals.

[487:51] Speaker 4: Yeah. So now keep saving those in there. But also, I was thinking too, you have all these courses in the different courses. I also sell courses. Okay, so I've got two different courses. So I don't want to share anything in my courses into my $47 month group, because it's not fair for the people that paid 1000 or $2,000, for the course. But I can tell is occasions where this overlap. So I rotate,

[495:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it would be okay to do overlap. Sometimes if you have more sets like that. And you want to push since your group is kind of you wanting to push people to a higher level, of course, then yeah, I would say you know, just share pieces of it, the pieces that they can comprehend to get them started, it's very similar to the model of the events that we're doing here is in your group, you can share the practical aspects up to the point where they get overwhelmed, that are taken from your paid course. And then at that point, tell them listen, if you want to continue this, I put a whole course together for you. It's over there. And so you can kind of push them up that is the value ladder function. That's one way of doing that. That was a, that was a big way that we we did that for a long time with Rick. I personally like to where once you once your membership is making multiple six figures, as that I just pushed everybody into into a membership model, and just grow that memberships, we grew my mom's memberships like 3000 4000 members. And that's

[512:40] Speaker 4: what I was watching you do there. So I'm thinking, Okay, I could do many things and get people to go to my $47 month thing a whole lot faster than the 2000 and then use the

[515:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: $47 to go up to the higher level.

[516:06] Speaker 4: But what I'm doing also in the webinar, I'm going to be doing for the $2,000 course, I'm giving them two free months in my empowering women's right,

[518:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's a great, that's another great model to do is kind of giving a trial of stuff like that, because you have all these different assets bill, I think that that's that's a great model, too,

[521:48] Speaker 4: I think but I want to get at least 200 people into my monthly membership, because that'll bring you up to 10,000 a month and start building on that, because that's a reoccurring income. And then one

[524:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing you might want to do, too, is say, Hey, we're gonna be raising the price to 77. And so anybody on your email list, they got 30 days to jump in at 47 and get grandfathered in. And then you raise that monthly to 77.

[528:24] Speaker 4: Once I get maybe a couple 100 people in there, right? Not right now, I don't have that many people in there. So yeah, I want to I want to grow that monthly, because I want that income coming in. And

[531:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I like I like then that's why I'm saying once it's at like a level of when you're charging 97 to $200 a month, that adds up to 1200 2400 a year. So that's where then the sort of the main program becomes the membership. And then instead of having a $2,000 course above your membership, you have like a five to 10,000 up there. And that's, again, I would still even keep that as a coaching program that has some course modules, because then you're able to meet with people and really help them on a higher level. One way that my mom did this was she has her stocks group. It's $177 a month from my mom's stocks group. She's got 3000 people in there. And now what's funny is only about 400 even show up to the daily calls and our stocks group that's less than 15% even show up to the daily calls, but a lot of people watch the recordings, a lot of them stay, they interact, she gives stock tips and things like that. So they're getting value out of that. But then she has a higher level, it's 10,000 a year. Or if you pay for the whole year up front, it's 6000. So there's a there's a 40% off discount if you pay up front. And with that they're in a discord channel where they get to ask her questions all day long about stocks about where they're at about that. Is she in there answering questions all day long? No, she probably answers pops in like once or twice a week and answers questions. And then she provides one extra training a week for those people. So they're not getting 10 times the content. They're getting one extra training that's just for them. So the content is geared towards people that are actually taking action. There's a lady in the group, she's she just hit 225,000 in her portfolio, you know, there's so it's, it's, it's incredible to see the results that come out of that. The idea behind the higher level program is this is that we become like the people that we spend the most amount of time around. And so a higher level program is for more of your action takers that are ready to take action, and you might only have 1015 people in a higher level program. But if it's $10,000, that's another 150 to $200,000 right there that can then provide some great cash flow for you and your business. Yeah, yeah. The other thing too, you know, once your cash flow, here's something that we're exploring once your cash flow hits 200 $500,000 a year, you can look into leveraging different programs that I don't know what country you're in. But I know, in the US we have like the SBA provides different loans that you can use to grow your business for your advertising, things like that. My accountant was like, Yeah, you could probably get a half a million dollar loan from the SBA. I'm like, what? And I can just put that into Facebook ads. My mom was like, Yeah, that would probably actually be a great idea for you to do to look into that.

[580:00] Speaker 4: And the interest rates are really

[580:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: low, I think. Yeah. And so there's ways to like leverage to grow once your offer is working. It's just okay, how quickly can we now scale this thing at that point? For you? And so

[584:07] Speaker 4: can I do it? Thank you.

[584:24] Speaker 5: I'm looking forward.

[584:57] Speaker 6: Awesome. Jeremiah, what does SBA stand

[585:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: for? Small Business Association. Okay, that's

[586:44] Speaker 6: what I thought, but I didn't want to Gaston Yes, Small

[587:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Business Association. Um, and I haven't looked at like what they're offering right now. But yeah, I'm exploring that option, as far as a business loan, to focus specifically on just our advertising spend to be able to take a little bit more risk with things beyond just my own credit cards that I have, which is really cool. You know, my credit cards, credit cards can get you so far. But what had the issue with credit cards is the more ad spend, you put on them, you end up filling it up, and then your your credit score drops. And so for me, I try to keep my credit cards at zero and paid off all the time. I can flex our campaigns a little bit more to where, let's say, my profit margins are where I'm going to test out a campaign. But it's not going to make back its profit for three months. Okay, so that's 90 days before I see the full profit of that test. That would be a failing campaign for me if that happened, but I'd be willing to take a risk to have a failing campaign like that, if I had a little bit more leverage, say, with different, like loans and stuff to be able to do that. That's more of like a definitely more of an advanced level once you got your consistent revenue coming in, that can help you scale for sure.

[607:48] Speaker 6: So it generally takes 90 days to see ROI on an ad campaign.

[608:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nope, nope, that would be what I would consider for me, in my business, a failing campaign. Generally, I see the ROI within the first week. But I am willing to test. So I had a campaign in March, it took 75 days to see the ROI. Six months prior, I was seeing immediate ROI within a week. So I'm like, Okay, this campaign obviously did not turn out how I wanted it to. That was a risk for me, I took a risk thinking outside the box of what I was normally doing in my business, I spent double my normal ad spend on that. And the return was less than I expected. So I went back to what we were doing and the results came back to what they were, I'm more willing to take that risk to where, okay, if this campaign fails, because I have more capital access to capital, I'm able to test that out a little bit

[623:44] Speaker 0: better. So

[624:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. All right. Yeah, there's different ways to get access to capital, I always tell people the best way pay off your credit cards, off your credit cards, you can use them for ads, and then you can pay off those ads from the sales that come in.

[628:52] Speaker 6: How is that different from getting a loan to pay for ads?

[629:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, because most people already have credit cards already as why it might

[632:09] Speaker 6: take a while to apply for a loan and to wait for the response.

[633:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or they might or they might at the beginning stage of their business. I don't know how if you got zero revenue, I don't know how much they're gonna approve you for for unless you're securing it that way. Whereas a credit card is a great way to kind of get going at that. Yeah, what's your got the cash flow going? Then it's and the whole idea behind a loan is this. I don't want you like going into debt trying to just test things out. The goal is to have the loan paid off as quickly as possible. Well, but then to use it as a revolving cash flow to scale things better. So if I get access to a half a million dollars, I know that I can scale things, at probably three times the pace I am right now, then my goal is I want to increase that line of credit to maybe 1,000,002 million, 5 million as we're growing, I could borrow from that put it into other investments as well, such as staff, such as creating different offers that maybe might require having staff fulfill it for us. So it provides more options, the more access to capital that we get, I don't cover a lot on Capitol in our program, because a lot of people aren't even at that level yet. But once you hit that, like quarter of a million dollar level, that's when you can start thinking about that. And that's why I want to get everybody to that making at least 250 to $300,000 a year, because your options open up for you more than anything else at that level, to be able to hire people to be able to leverage things and to where you're not working in your business. You're working on the business as a visionary versus actually having to do all of the fulfillment at that level.

[659:43] Speaker 6: Yeah, I'd imagine people that that even at the start of their business would need some capital from loans or grants or whatever, to be able to put in the money for ad campaigns. Like, yes.

[664:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, none. A lot of people can take maybe from the existing income they have, or maybe they have an asset that they could sell, or they could pay off a credit card and open up some some space in the credit card. That is one thing, though, with, we have had people do with Coach financing is is that if somebody did does a one on one coaching package with me, they could take out a little extra for their Facebook ads, and borrow that and be able to do that. So we've had some people do that too.

[671:27] Speaker 6: And just along the same lines, and so I heard you saying in another on another call that it takes roughly 300 to $500 to run a Facebook ad to run a decent Facebook campaign.

[675:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the beginning to get the data to test it as far as like to see is it working all that as Yeah, you'll you'll need about three to 500 for the campaign to start testing. And it takes about three to 500 and software to really get your business going. So there is a cost of doing business successfully in the mentoring and coaching business as far as that goes.

[681:48] Speaker 6: So what I was trying to ask was, um, so Well, two questions, really? What period what time lengths? Would the ad campaign be for the 300 to 500? To gather data?

[685:00] Speaker 0: About 14 days? Okay. Yeah.

[686:38] Speaker 6: Okay, let me write this down

[686:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: 14 days, and then like you would have your sales come in the week after the ad campaigns done. So that's we talked about this yesterday as well in the VIP, like the 21 day attention cycle of people on social media ads, where people will kind of like forget about you past 21 days. What's also really cool is that correlates to on most credit cards. If you pay them back before 20 days, they don't charge interest. So with if you're able to pay it back within 20 days, it's interest free, which is cool.

[695:43] Speaker 6: So, if you weren't doing like a lengthy 14 day test, and you wanted to run some ads, say for seven days, what would be a decent amount to invest in and

[699:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: 150 to 200. For that time, the issue is seven days is because of how the learning takes place. When we say learning, the AI of the ads manager is learning how the internet is responding to people. So it takes two to three days to do that. So you really only have about four good days that your ad is running at that point.

[705:27] Speaker 0: And so

[706:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, I ran for this campaign, we did 14 days, and then seven days, when your offer is dialed in, you can do seven days, I've been doing seven days, I'm spending more on my ads. And I need to though by doing that, there's also that's part of the math of ads.

[711:16] Speaker 0: Sometimes,

[711:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will spend more and get a lesser result. It's not a linear line upward as far as like you spend more and your results like this. It's more like this. It's as it shoots up and then it kind of curves over at this point. And so you can identify there's some key indicators of like, Okay, how much is the max you can spend on a campaign to know how much to spend, but there's also levels to that. Because I've ran campaigns where we've done These were crazy campaigns we spent 10,000. That day on ads. That's a lot of money. You don't know how much it was bringing in, though and sales 30,000 A day in sales. So it was three axing the money. Now, you might have mentioned, notice I've mentioned like 36 times ad spend 21 times adspend. When you're spending 10 to 20,000, your margins end up being a little bit smaller, because the the curve factor of it because of that. And so if we had only spent $1,000, we might have been able to bring in 20k in sales or 10k in sales. Because we were spending 10,000 a day, we were able to bring in 20k in sales a day versus the whole campaign. And so the percentages changed. But that's how the leverage was able to get the amount of sales that were pretty that's how that we did that with Rick Pitino to get him to a million dollars a month is we had to spend on some of our campaigns 10 to 20,000 a day, for some of them just in testing, but they were converting really well on the back end, which is cool.

[739:07] Speaker 5: I asked him

[739:21] Speaker 6: that 10,000 up at the top, you said brought in I think 30,000 In sales can ask what you were quote unquote, selling. Were they live webinars or were they products or services.

[742:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, we were we were actually selling. So this was this was in 2020 2021 2021, we were selling a $97 class. It was a it was a it was a live class, it was a six week mini coaching program for 97 bucks. So what it was was they got six weeks of coaching live and q&a for 97 bucks, all about how to write songs. Here's what ended up happening though the margins on this shifted around 2022, to where it was actually very hard to get that type of leverage. And so what we found is now when we run ads, we want to utilize this as our call to action to a higher level program. So there's ebbs and flows in the timeline of what was working in 2019 2021 2023. What's working right now is getting people on to trainings with you that are basically workshops that range anywhere from three to 97 bucks, three to $97, you're probably not going to make much profit off of that under $97 level. But you can use it to actually fund your ad spend. And then for anybody who's in there at 97, this is what we had started doing with Rick is they get they get the call to action to join whatever the five, or $10,000 program is on the back end of that, or three 4000 or one to 2000 Just depends on that. We did with Joshua Giles, we ran a three day intensive. The call to action was a $997 class. And he sold 140 of those. And he only spent $3,000 on ads for that campaign. So like the margins changed, depending on the offer, how responsive people are all of that he shifted this model now to where he has a sales team that does stuff like that. And I think instead of charging 1000 He's charging five or 10 grand for his offer now.

[780:31] Speaker 6: That three day intensive was that three full days or half a

[781:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: day, three hours a day, just like we did for these five days, but it was only three.

[783:13] Speaker 6: Okay. And when Rick's thing in 2021, you were saying he sold? I don't know quite a lot of for 97. And you said things change that you're after in 2022.

[786:28] Speaker 5: So would he then

[787:36] Speaker 6: when he was still running that 97 Did he realize in 2002 that this had become a loss leader? Yeah, he was still he was still running it but he was running it as a loss leader. Right. Okay,

[790:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: we realized that it was a loss leader for the purpose of then pushing people to the next level. And that's where once we had done that we actually spent more on ads. We weren't relying on that for our profit margins, and we started pushing people to a higher level programs.

[794:47] Speaker 0: Okay, thank you.

[795:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's still what's working today is doing some kind of and it wasn't really a loss leader. What we're finding is is that you can break even on that level, right there. Okay, and then whatever you sell to those people is profit for From there, the more you charge, the more qualified they are. Yeah. But the less people will actually show up. So $97 less people will show up to that versus 27 versus $7. The level of commitment that people have. It's a sliding scale on that. We actually did a test where we rent we split test, three of the same campaign, and we charge 9727 and $7. And what we found is that the $27 people converted to sales just as well as the 97 Did the call to action, it was a $10,000 program, the $7 people, not a single one of them purchased the $10,000 program on the back end. So it was very interesting, the amount that they spent on the front end influenced how much they were willing to invest on the back end. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's also something to consider that comes through testing and doing different campaigns. Like,

[816:56] Speaker 3: can you repeat that again, so the $7 people never purchase the Hooper, when he said,

[818:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was a Craziest thing. It was the craziest thing. So what we did was we split test and $97. And it was $97 for a five day challenge. And then we tested a $27 for a five day challenge. And then we tested $7 for the five day challenge. And of the people who invested $7, not a single one of them purchased the five, or the it was a 10k offer on the back end, not a single one of them did. But the same percentage that did the 97 also did with the 27. So it's like a bracket shifted, it was like people's willingness to make an investment later. Them investing $7 for the training versus 27. Their psychology of what they expected and the call to action changed.

[833:27] Speaker 0: Yep. So that's why, well,

[834:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: what can we learn from this? Sometimes we're not charging enough. And we think that we're helping people by being the cheapest option,

[837:12] Speaker 0: when in fact, we're reaching less people in the end. But wouldn't you

[838:23] Speaker 6: say that more people bought the seven? Like, don't more people buy the lower ticket item? And less people buy the higher ticket? Item?

[840:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? But But 0% of the lower ticket was still zero?

[842:41] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah, I get it like you can sell lots at the $7. Yeah, you're not gonna get anybody.

[844:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the same way with with our offers. You know, I have I have a campaign frequently that I'll run, I'm starting your six figure coaching business from scratch, you're on that training. Last people actually show up to hear that training, than the ones who registered to learn how to use Facebook ads to grow their coaching business. Just because the level of see I believe it's the the, the pre frame psychological commitment level of people, they're less likely to make the time to start something than to actually solve a painful problem that they have. Not having clients in a coaching business you have is more of a painful problem than I think I have an idea for a business, I'd like to start one. So most people say the

[859:46] Speaker 6: last one again, of what is more appealing to people. Yeah, the paint, that's the paint or the or the future dream.

[861:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what is more people are more likely to show up to solve a painful problem. But it also needs to be attached to a dream. But it's a different stage of their dream. So somebody who has a dream to start a mentoring or coaching business is actually less likely to show up to a presentation. Why? Then somebody who is already has a coaching business, and is struggling to get any paid clients, but wants to solve that problem to get paid clients because the one because the person at the beginning doesn't have a pre buy in already.

[871:48] Speaker 6: Yeah, they don't have the one who did they haven't started the race. Yeah, exactly.

[872:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I get lots of those people. So what ends up happening is with advertising is I might get cheaper leads for those people that are starting, but a lower percentage of them actually show up to listen to me. So in the end, it ends up actually costing almost the same amount as the people who are getting going so that's why cost per lead. Trying to get the cheapest cost for your Facebook ads isn't always the best indicator It still is, the engagement of people showing up to listen to you. That's my number one indicator of are we on the right track is if people are actually showing up to the presentation, and what percentage of those that registered are showing up that I really pay attention to those percentages a lot.

[885:21] Speaker 6: I don't really understand what you mean by the cost per lead verse, it sounds like you're saying that there's two different types. In Facebook ads, there's two different ways to to have these ads.

[888:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when you run an ad campaign, you tell Facebook, there's, there's a conversion goal. And you tell Facebook, find me as many people that are most likely to be a lead. And it will try to find you as many of those people and it will tell you, okay, it costs you this much per person who registered. Okay, but it's not, it's not a candy bar, they're not charging $2 For every everything. So I might pay $3 for starting your business, but I might pay $9, a lead for growing your business with paid advertising. But my show up rate is the same. So ultimately, it's costing me the same idea.

[900:22] Speaker 6: It's okay, if I don't understand that.

[901:10] Speaker 1: Yeah, you don't, you don't have to get it right away. That's more like with optimizing your ad spend, and optimizing the ad campaign. That's what in the in the courses that we have about Facebook ads, they really cover the nuances of understanding that side of things. And that's where a lot of people a lot of their questions that they asked in our accelerator are related to. Okay, how do I bring that cost down? How do I adjust that? How do I get the best cost? And my answer is always the same. It goes back to your your copy on your landing page, your offer, that's what really determines who is going to show up. So understanding the human behavior psychology of what motivates people to actually actually consume what they've purchased or registered for. That's a big factor two than your ability to sell to those people. Because a captive audience that's actually listening to you, versus just a register, but they never showed up. That's a very different. They're at a different just a different stage in their life, their journey, as I focus on the people that are listening to me, and that's who I'm serving the most.

[919:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. Um, let's see, I'm gonna take Christina's question, and I'll come back to you, Kevin. Christina,

[922:40] Speaker 7: I, thank you so much for running these sessions. I'm learning so much.

[923:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. That's great.

[924:18] Speaker 7: I just had a question about the SEO like the search engine optimization part of everything, is there something that is, I guess, more beneficial or guaranteed guarantees success compared to just, you know, putting in whatever you feel is more appropriate?

[930:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I don't, I don't really concern myself with SEO in this business, I'd never have in any of the ones that we built. So because we've gotten all of our clients through social media, not search engine, there might be some great training out there for that. I know AI, you can ask it to like write blog posts and things like that, or rewrite different headlines with SEO in mind. But we've never found it to be something that we've ever paid attention to in our businesses is SEO, so? Okay, no, thank you. Yeah, it's just it's, it's one of those things that were just completely ignored. Maybe we would see a result if we took care of it. I don't know. But, um, something that I definitely thought something I teach people, so because I don't really, I wouldn't know where to start.

[945:43] Speaker 7: Okay, no, I was just wondering, because I'm like, I have a Wix website. And that's something that constantly pops up is like an error. Oh, you haven't entered this. So I go back in and I guess that's sort of

[949:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: coming from here's something that you could do really easily is you could literally just copy whatever your pages in the chat GBT, say, generate me some SEO stuff to put in there and then just copy that in there. That's better than nothing. I've started to do that with my stuff, at least to see what chat GBT can generate for me. And one of the prompts that you can use is like, you act as if you're a certain SEO expert. I have a page here. I need to come up with this, this and this. Here's the page you paste the whole page in there and have it generate some of that SEO stuff for you. That's at least better than nothing.

[957:41] Speaker 7: Yeah. Oh, that makes sense. Thank you so much. Yeah, I

[958:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: usually do that but I don't I don't focus a lot of my energy on. On SEO. I had somebody who Join me for coaching. And she was all about SEO. And we just we kind of butted heads. And she ended up finally moving over to doing paid advertising because SEO wasn't bringing in clients for. I know, there's some people that they love Seo. This is not this is not a lane that I cover. So

[964:48] Speaker 0: all right, Kevin?

[965:34] Speaker 3: Yeah, I'll say one thing about SEO. So I, before I got into marketing services, I was different for music for sure. I was mainly doing production. And I was in the top 10, like first page or producer, Christian sporting studio. And what is that a lot of the people that were coming in through SEO in one of my buddies, he was in the top two clicks in the in the nation at least. And what we are worst leads came through that and I think it's because they're free clickers. Because that was that a lot of the people that are looking there, they they've heard through the grapevine anybody into their office of any report, they're not coming in off of a referral. And my highest paying clients have always been people that have been referred to me, or have seen presentation. They're like, I got to know more. And so I think the way that SEO stuff probably works best is if you leverage, like a free offer, and then you put them through your whole thing, my Bob, and you may find some people get weeded out in the process of being sort of exclusive. That's just my total guess on that. I don't know if that helps.

[983:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I again, I'm not I'm not an expert on that. So

[984:06] Speaker 3: yeah, the thing I wanted to ask, though, and this may seem, I mean, this is a pretty direct question. So I know that in the last 11 months, you said you've made 850. And looking at the coaching just based off the amount of members in this Facebook group, you know, that is a portion of the whole but not the whole, and it comes out to

[989:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: the other part of the whole is consulting and one on one coaching as well.

[991:17] Speaker 3: So with that said, do you find in consulting and one on one coaching is the 55k thing that the most time leverage and margin leveraged of your offering the most margin

[995:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: leverage, but it's the I actually hate one on one coaching. Okay. I don't like it, but people love it. And so I offer it. Um, what I am adding later this year, though, is a like probably like a five or 10k group coaching program. That's a higher level people. And what would we cover in that we would cover questions like you asked yesterday, project management, outsourcing, optimizing higher budgets for your campaigns. So that would be people that are like ready to have those discussions. Because here's what ends up happening in my group, if we're having that discussion, and everybody else is like, they're just writing their ad copy. There's a sort of a, like, there's a gap there in the knowledge gap. Yeah. And I want everybody to get to that place where they have staff where they're outsourcing and you can have your staff be remote, I wouldn't recommend having employees at all, for this business. Except for maybe the tax savings. If the government offers something like the PPP loans, again, that go hire everybody's an employee, because then you can get those but besides that, I think contractors is one of the best ways to do. And so with that, we'll have those discussions in a higher level program. Whenever we've done a higher level program, it's for the people that like they want to go to the top of the mountain. They're not, they're already having success, and they're plateauing at that level. So I pay attention to where are people like plateauing in my group, they might be making 2030 $40,000 a month, but they want to get to seven figures. So that would be a seven figure level program at that point. And I plan on rolling that out later this year. And then completely eliminating one on one coaching completely. I do I do find my wife and I were talking about this. She's like, Yeah, but you do make pretty good margins on that. I think our best month we did 160. I sold 16, one on one coaching packages. So we did $160,000. And I did them for 10k each. So I discounted it from it was 30k at the time, and I discounted it to 10k. And that was in November. And so yes, that is leveraged at that level. I still find that I'm actually I'm better serving people in the group coaching level, and I enjoy it more. And so that's a place to get to as well just because something's making you the most amount of money. If you don't enjoy it, I would stop doing it. Try to get to a place where you make more money in the thing you love, so that you can quit the things that you don't because you don't once you're making like A half a million dollars. You don't have to just do things just because you're making them out of money, you get to have more options to choose. Okay, what am I going to focus on? And what am I going to have somebody else do? And what am I not going to do? That's one of the biggest things. I stopped running Facebook ads for people two years ago, because it was the biggest nightmare of all. I want to know how that would be. Yeah, if somebody's ad campaign doesn't perform, guess who they come with pitchforks? Yeah, even though they rejected all of the suggestions for the offer to change. And so because of that, I don't need to work that hard, and convince people that I'm not the villain and their narrative story, just because their campaign didn't perform. And in that, there's the testing and all of that. And that's why I was very clear with people that I run ads with that, you know, there is no guarantee when running advertising, there's not. And I've just found that most people, it's too much of a risk on my part, to be running ads for other people. Because at the end of the day, they're still in control of actually doing it the right way. And most people I find, they they don't, they don't always do it the right way. But for here's the biggest reason why I had the biggest struggle with that. A lot of people had issue with a lot of the suggestions that I had made for running their ads, they felt that it would hurt their reputation of the brand. That was a big reason why. And so I found that that's one of the biggest reasons why people struggle to have success with their advertising, is they're afraid of looking or sounding a certain way to the public. They're afraid of presenting themselves in a certain light. Now, I'm not talking about telling people to get an only fans and to dance around naked. That's not what I was telling them to do it it was as simple as just like, let's use this color. And they didn't like that color because it didn't feel right to them. And I said, let's use these words instead of those words. And they're like, I wouldn't say it that way. And it was it made their ad campaign that work. And I was like, well, let's make it say it this way. And then it finally would work. It's it's such a drain, to have to have those conversations every single day with multiple people as to why things aren't working, when you've already told them why it's not working, but they think it's something else and back and forth. And so that's why I stopped actually doing that as a service for people.

[1080:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Keep in mind, a lot of people were also getting success from me running ads for them. It's funny, like, it sounds like everybody I ran ads for didn't have success. No, most of them actually had quite a bit of success. It was it was like my I mentally couldn't sustain some people thrive for that. For me, it was not, not what I'm cut out for. I love this type of thing, where we're having the discussions and going back and forth. And then I'm able to kind of mobilize people in a group to take action themselves, and then to come back and do that. So

[1089:43] Speaker 6: all right. Would you ever continue doing that kind of stuff with people who said, I'll listen to whatever you say, Jeremiah, I won't challenge you.

[1092:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I do have I have done that with some people who they they were already one on one coaching clients with me. And they were already having success with what we had worked on together. And so then I told them, okay, since what we built together is already working. I can take this over and help continue it for you. So you can be hands off with it. So I have done that. But I'm very selective as to who I've done that way. Yeah, of course. Yeah. So it would be more or they would still kind of have to, like prove that they're able to apply it themselves. And it's usually that's like that's why I said I have I have consulting, one on one coaching, group coaching. Okay, let's see here. Pamela, you got your hand raised and said, Can you explain what is otter? How can we use this transcribe to trance so YouTube automatically transcribes any video you put up in YouTube. So you can go to YouTube right now to pretty much any video. Some people might delete them. But you can go to YouTube right here. Here's Rick's video right here that he just put out why God's people are broke. So if I go here under Show transcript, this is the transcript of what he talked about in his video. These are publicly available to anybody. Any content you put now with AI, I could literally take that transcript and go into chat GPT and I can say, write a sales letter for a webinar based on this and literally it'll take his transcript and write a webinar right there. He's struggling financially to flourish.

[1118:51] Speaker 1: You know, do you wonder why it seems wicked evil people are prospering while God's people are left behind. So that's how you could actually take a transcript from a YouTube video is you click on the three dots right here, and you go to show transcript. Otter AI is a tool that you can upload the Zoom files. And it has an integration with Zoom to where it will in real time, transcribe what you're talking about. So as you can see, I'm talking on the screen. It's transcribing as I'm talking. Right now it's taking screenshots of even what I'm talking about. It's kind of like Inception right here. So then what I'll do is I'll take these transcripts, and I'll analyze those in, in chat GPT, to get a lot more data and understand what what people are dealing with their different questions and things like that. Does that help?

[1134:27] Speaker 5: So when I do my Zoom meetings, if I want to give people a transcript, I can just integrate otter with my Zoom. And then they can ask. So how do you get the videos so that you, it's just you, and not everybody else is up here? Like I can see everybody? On.

[1141:23] Speaker 1: So in Otter, in Otter, it's an automatic integration. So there's a there's actually like one of our participants on here is called Jeremiah's otter pilot. And so it's a participant to our meeting that's actually transcribing. So that's one of the ways that it does that it also automatically integrates to grab the content. But I think you're asking about in zoom, how do you actually download it without having everybody on the screen? Yeah, so that's in your Zoom account, under recordings, I haven't recorded the cloud is the way that I do it. And there's two versions that they give me to download. Let me see if I can log into zoom here. And I can show that to you. Um, there's two versions to download. Of this. A lot of people, by the way, asked me a ton of like zoom questions, I'm gonna probably be in the next like, month or so I'm going to be creating like just a YouTube course. Or I'm just going to put it on YouTube for free, where I'm just gonna go through all the different ways that I use Zoom and stuff like that, because I think if people can learn to use Zoom, if you can get real comfortable with it, it's such an amazing tool, it allows you to connect with the world on at scale, like, you know, it costs 20,000 $30,000 to rent a hotel room space to do it on event cost me 15 bucks a month to have people on a Zoom Room. So that access to being able to create experiences for people is really fun. Once we get really comfortable with using Zoom. It's one of the best assets I believe in our in our businesses. So under recordings right here, we go to recordings. And then we click on Share.

[1169:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: If I go here and actually click on the recording, instead of share, it has two versions shared screen with gallery view, or speaker view. So the speaker view version only has whoever's actively speaking on the screen at any given time. People to my webinar training, okay, so that's how we were able to to download that. And then I have somebody that I hired, they're in the Philippines, and they take all the Zoom videos, and they upload them to think if ik for me, so I'm not having to do that myself. And they charged I think they charged $3 an hour to do that. So thank you. Yeah, yeah. All right. Well, hey, this has been a great q&a Here. Again, this is day number five of our event. So those this is our last VIP, but we're gonna be doing another q&a Tomorrow at 2pm, Eastern 1pm. Central time. It will be there'll be more people on there, you'll get an email with that. It's basically an open q&a for anybody. But you know, take advantage of it. Come on the q&a, ask questions like you have been all week. Let's continue this together. And then for those of you that want to jump into the client growth accelerator, the doors are open for that until Tuesday, July 18. And the three free bonuses that we're giving away the landing page blueprint, that one alone is probably one of the most important classes that I put together because it breaks down the structure of putting your landing page together with I noticed it in our program for about six months, people kept coming to me saying, can you explain the structure of the landing page? Can you explain what I put were on the landing page. And so I put that course together to solve that question from our group. And now people are starting to create landing pages that are incredible. Just from going through that training. There's also the funnel building training with Squarespace, where I walk you through using Squarespace to build your funnel, your upsell, your email automation, that's all in there, as well as the time management, time optimization playbook course that will help. When I pulled our audience frequently, the two biggest issues that people tell me problems, what are they struggling with in their business, I have those 88 pages, you want to know what most people tell me, the top one is they're struggling to get clients and they don't know how to run Facebook ads. The next one down is because the the very next one down is that they struggle with their time. That's the very next problem that people tell me that they struggle with is why they can't build their business. And so that's why I put that course together is to solve for the time problem that people have. What I found in my life is that I'm not really like a Franklin planner guy, or any of the time management strategies that people do. But I have learned to get more done with the time that I've been given. And their strategic ways of doing this to get more with less time. And part of it is is this. If you could get done in 30 minutes, what would normally take you 10 hours, that would give you nine and a half more hours to do something. And that challenge is our belief system. But that's how I look at every single process in my business. If it's taking me a long amount of time, how can I shrink that time down not even with hiring people. One of the biggest ways to do that is if we're struggling to come up with ideas or our landing page or things like that. There's ways of looking at our projects and structuring them to be able to get more done with less time. And what that does that lets you create time where maybe there wasn't maybe you say I have no time to build my business. I'm working a full time job. I'm doing this when we can look at our life and start to move a few of the puzzle pieces around. And sometimes it's having more boundaries. I cover that in there. Sometimes it's saying no to things so that you'd have more time to actually build your business saying no to some great things in your life temporarily to start to build your business now that becomes leveraging your time in that way. And that's what the topic of the time optimization playbook courses. So you get all three of those to keep just for trying out the accelerator for 30 days. I can't wait to see those that are in there. I know a bunch of y'all have already jumped in. And for everybody else, I'll see you all on the bonus training calls. Or I'll see you in the accelerator. We'll talk soon have a good one everybody.

