2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-02-10T13:03:49.000Z
Duration: 3 min
Otter ID: YmsbtHVnLivEqAmrKAkg7BO7UDo
---

[0:25] Speaker 0: Okay. So let's say that you are

[3:18] Speaker 0: again, let me load up my camera here

[7:10] Speaker 0: it's funny, even my camera froze, right there. How do you deal with all these technical issues? The thing is, is that they happen. They're just a natural part of what happens when you're doing anything that sort of tech related is that little little issues pop up. That does end up happening. Let me actually see if I can deactivate this right here and show you guys how to do this in zoom. No, so I'm gonna have to let me see I'm gonna have to unplug my camera

[19:06] Speaker 0: there we go plug it back in. Let's turn on a camera. There we go. Okay, so you see this? Right here, we're in zoom. By the way, that's how you can solve a lot of the problems with your tech issues. If you're just like banging your head against the wall, I'm you're getting hands on training is to listen. I always run into little weird tech issues. And the way that we saw them is we literally just pull the cord. I literally just unplugged from my computer, my camera cord and plugged it back in and it came back on. That's usually how you can solve when things are messing up as you just unplugged them. Okay. So let's take a deep breath, because I bet some of you probably are feeling some anxiety as to like, lack of control. I'm gonna have to learn how to do this right. Sadly, a number of people probably turned off recording because they couldn't handle watching it. For those that are still here, welcome. I'm glad you're here. So in zoom, what you're able to do is I send it to her auto records every little thing that I do. I got the microphone right here. It's recording me. And so and I can go live on all these different platforms right here. But what you could do is you could essentially you could use the screenshare function in zoom where you share your screen and you record your content, you start recording some content. I'm just I'm just doing some content here real quick.

