VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-07-10T20:36:29.000Z
Duration: 30 min
Otter ID: AilvXwmFY6g7wwalgYyK9nm8vWs
---

[0:24] Speaker 0: All right all right. All right, here we go. Let's go VIP.

[2:31] Speaker 1: No stream, listen to my accelerator Facebook group here

[8:38] Speaker 1: All right

[10:56] Speaker 1: here we go.

[11:51] Speaker 2: Hello, everybody. Hello. Hello. Hello.

[12:49] Speaker 1: Welcome, welcome.

[13:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome into today's video VIP session here for today. Listen

[17:40] Speaker 2: I'm excited to work with you this week, I'm excited for those that that registered for the VIP that upgraded here, you are the top group of those that are registered for this event, we had a few 100 people register, and about close to close to 50 people have registered on the VIP here. Not all people who register for the VIP actually show up to it as you can see. But it's really sweet. It's really nice. The time that we've had, whenever we've done this, the people that are here, I'm so excited to work with you for this week to help you, we're gonna be able to take the lessons that we're learning in the session each day. And then we'll come into here and I can help answer your questions. Go over things we can look at your offers, we can help you with your copy with, with pretty much anything this gives you access to me during this week here. So how this is going to work is if you can raise your hand with Zoom Zoom has a raise hand function. If you don't know how to raise your hand, you can come on camera and physically raise your hand as well. I think there's a function on Zoom, where if you physically hold your hand like this, it will also if I do this, it'll raise my hand if I hold it. So you can also do that as well, which is cool. So Angela, Rose, how are you?

[39:04] Speaker 0: Hey, I am good. Thank you so much for your training earlier. And for doing the VIP. You mentioned on there about changing some settings and chat GPT for and I was trying to find login and find it. But I missed that. So could you just quickly walk through that beta thing again?

[45:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you if you have chat GPT plus, which is the $20 a month upgraded version?

[48:11] Speaker 1: Yes, I did take with that. Yeah, as

[49:21] Speaker 0: recommendation under

[49:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: the settings, there's beta features. And then this is the code interpreter. It's it's like a stronger, better version of it. And so you access it by going here and clicking this. What's what's really crazy about what it does though, is like it'll, it'll actually like write computer programs to do different tasks that you ask it to do.

[55:44] Speaker 2: People been able to do video editing in the chat GPT app by asking it to literally edit a video and it will create a program to edit your video on the fly in the app under the ENCODE interpreter. So it's pretty, pretty crazy stuff. But for most of what you guys are doing, it's not going to make a huge difference. I use it yesterday, I analyzed a lot of the questions that we asked. And I had it rank them on a on a chart that sort of ranks like the different emotional aspect of the questions that people had asked, and the outliers and what are similar to each other. And it was able to plot them out visually for me to really see and how to visualize some of my data. So that was pretty cool.

[67:11] Speaker 0: Awesome. Okay, great. Thank you. Awesome. All right.

[68:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Who's Who's got their hand up next? Nobody's got their hand up next. Cheryl. Cheryl. How are you?

[71:13] Speaker 1: Hey, Cheryl. Okay. Can you hear me?

[72:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I can. How are you?

[73:07] Speaker 3: I'm good. How are you? Hey, just I think your mom is awesome. I've been in her group. And she's she's

[74:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. She's

[75:18] Speaker 3: the best teacher in the world.

[76:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you know, you know, it's funny I and not to discredit that I will say, she'll tell you a lot of what I've learned I've gone on my own and learned even separate from her. And so, one of one of the things that I found I've had to Battle in my own coaching is that my only worth and value is because of my mom and that I'd be worthless if I didn't have her. And so for me, I love her. She's incredible. We're very different than each other. We're we're almost sort of like oil and water in some ways and how we do things, and even how we look at the world. And she's amazing. She's incredible. I just, I just went and spent the weekend with her. We went and saw the sound of freedom movie this weekend. It was so cool. But yeah, she's awesome. We were just texting back and forth here this morning as well. So shout out to her. Are you in the stocks group as well?

[90:22] Speaker 3: No, I'm not. Maybe one day I'm, I've always wanted to learn that down. Yeah, yeah. So my question is, I'm actually getting ready to launch my course. Because first, second, and third, and the whole course is done. Got it already. Yay. But what I did was, I am going to do it in zoom. I didn't know the difference between zoom web and zoom and regular. So I went ahead and put that link out just for regular zoom. Which means everybody's gonna be up on the thing. So I'm gonna have to my entire presentation that way, because it's gonna be hard that

[101:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can turn off all their cameras. Oh, okay. Oh, I can, like, Oh, crap. Now, what

[103:02] Speaker 3: do I do? Yeah. And I didn't want to have to go back and undo everything. Cuz in the midst of all of this, my VA, who I've had for, I think six years now has decided to retire at the end of July. And I launched on the first of August, okay. I was like, oh, Lord, have mercy. to happen to me. I did find another VA to do some of my other stuff. So I'm just hoping everything goes well. But I've only got like, I think I'm going to say 20 people, maybe that have signed up for the masterclass. And of course, I still have three more weeks to promote it.

[112:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the Cheryl, what's what's your What can I help you with here today?

[114:22] Speaker 3: So I wanted to like what else? What else can I do to get more like, I haven't put any money into advertising because I was told, try and just launch it without spending a bunch of money first, see how it goes, and then your next round? After you've gotten some experience doing a launch, then go ahead and put money behind it? Is that smart?

[119:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's, it's not really a big deal. Either way, I've seen it done both ways. I think you'll get some data by doing it without putting money behind it. If you don't have a big following, or people you know, I've seen people well, I didn't put any money behind it, they had zero people. So at that sense, they have to go out and at least find some people. For me to give you either way, heads or tails of what it is what you're doing based on what you told me. Let me ask you this. Did you did you create all the course content already? Yes, you recorded it. Okay. What's the what's the topic that's about?

[129:54] Speaker 3: I named it the roadmap to revenue, I am teaching people 10 different ways to add additional revenue to their existing business without reinventing the wheel about changing what they're already doing.

[132:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what's what's a business? Which type of businesses are these? Well,

[134:05] Speaker 3: I coach women 50 Plus, basically how to turn their hobby into a business, okay? So because a lot of them already have a business, and they're struggling to make money with that one revenue stream. So I'm teaching them 10 additional revenue streams to add revenue to their existing business, so they don't have to keep struggling, you know, like doing like affiliate sales and ad revenue and, you know, courses and, you know, different things like that. So I got 10 different ones that I'm teaching them because I've done that's what I've done over the last, you know, eight years of being in business. That's where I'm at.

[142:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and so what can I help you with your on that?

[143:27] Speaker 3: So I was just wondering if that was a smart move not to put any money into my advertising? Or I can do a beta. And then yeah, I would, I

[145:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: would be curious to see since you got enough people registered, what kind of feedback you get from it, the most important thing for any of the offers that we do is the feedback that we get, this is probably the most overlooked part of this entire business for most people is they don't pay attention to the feedback. The feedback, by the way, is not the criticism that people give you. The feedback or comes from the questions people ask, how they ask those questions, and specifically what they're telling you they're struggling with and what they want to learn. And so as you're showing these women, again, are it sounds like you have a lot of success with a coaching business already. Is that correct? Yeah,

[156:32] Speaker 3: but I've got a monthly group and I've got I've got a free group that I've got a little over 1000

[158:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: She got some good data already as to what people want to learn what they're struggling with all of that. Um, I think that yeah, launch it to that group of people. But at the end of the day, to reach more people, the organic algorithm is programmed against you on social media platforms. And so the only way to not spend money is you have to cold outreach and cold DM people, and then get to know them through doing that. And so you'll, you can reach out to strangers that you know, get to know them, pull them into an offer and do that. That can be time consuming, it is effective in the beginning, I found that it's more predictable to be able to create an offer that I can align the advertising algorithm to, and then I don't have to be working that hard to attract the right people. And so when your offer is specific, for the offer that you describe, right now, have you ever ran any paid advertising,

[173:41] Speaker 3: um, was like two years ago, just for my monthly group.

[175:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just just based on what you told me about your offer, I would try to get more specific as to like one specific area that these women over 50 are struggling with, with revenue, and an offer that you would put out there when you're running paid advertising as a hook to pull them in if there's like, what and what it is, is it's pattern recognition, if there's like one pattern that everybody keeps asking you about, that they want to know how to do, that they that they are coming to you saying that they're struggling with. That's what you can then build an offer around. And the model that I show people how to do is how you can do presentations. And you you, you get people on to the presentation. And then the presentation closes them. So there's no need to direct message people. I don't do any discovery calls. And I don't personally DM anybody either. And so it's all coming in through our people that are on our email list and people that join the trainings that we do. Now. There's other coaching models out there that don't do it that way. I just don't teach those models I teach. I teach what has worked the best in the businesses that I built.

[192:31] Speaker 3: Okay. Yeah, I will try that. Thank you. Yeah. Pamela?

[196:07] Speaker 1: Pamela, I'm trying to show you a, I'm trying to upload a picture of an ad that was used for a talk I did, at the beginning of the week, we only had five people show up. And it went out to about 600 people was what I was showing, I was told 19 signed up. And only five showed up. And three of them were the people that worked for the company. So I just wanted to show it to you. Because when they show me what they wanted to use for ad I, I went on chat GPT tried to do some things that you taught me earlier, to get it a little better. I'm switching over to a different to my computer from my phone, as well to get you to look at this and see how I can make it better. Because I want to do this talk again. But because I got a lot of, of the engagement. So I think it's a good topic. I'm thinking that is something about the way we advertised it. It didn't get enough traction. So

[218:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, without seeing the ads, do you do you have your who you targeted and what the targeted data was where you pulled that from?

[220:43] Speaker 1: Yeah. They're the people who belong to a community center. So they are middle aged people, mostly minorities. I'm gonna get off the phone now.

[224:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna take another question while you pull that up here and then we can look over that.

[226:15] Speaker 0: All right, Mary. Hi, Jeremiah. How are you?

[227:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you?

[227:53] Speaker 4: Great. My question is this. So basically know my niche. Are we going to work on defining the niche like niching down? So the women I focus mainly on women who are struggling with trauma, early childhood trauma, trauma, as well as an adult with trauma. And I work with them trying to establish them biblically to know who they are, they're in on their identity and working on them, establishing their identity so that they can be empowered and and go beyond the traumatic events that have happened in their life. So That's basically my niche. And I'm thinking I need to niche down just a little bit more, because that's a little

[241:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: broad. Your we want to look at how we're describing our niche, right? Because the language that you use just now it was all negatives, wasn't working for them. Okay. And so for our offers, we want to lead with what is the dream outcome that you're leading people to? What is that ultimate result that you can that the people that come to you can get not necessarily will get, because it's not humanly or physically possible to make sure that 100% of people get a result. Okay, but what is the potential outcome and result that by coming to you that they can get, and why what it has to be valuable enough for them to make a financial investment to do so to where if they, they have to make a decision internally, that if I don't invest financially today, that I probably like, they need to believe that if they don't invest financially with you, that they will stay stuck where they're at right now. And so to be able to sell that to the target client that is going to get the most result from you, we have to cast a vision for what is the dream future that they want. And then we communicate that in our offer, by showing that we understand where they come from that by showing that we understand what they've come out of, we're going to be going over how we do that and how we put that offer together during the next four days. But the but the biggest thing, and this this boils down to in my high level coaching group in our client growth accelerator group, the biggest area that and it's the number one mistake that I wish the numbers were different on this, like close to 99% of every person I meet makes this mistake. And the problem with this mistake is is they also believe that it's the most right thing to do. Okay, and that's very, that's very interesting when when people are doing behavior that's not serving them. And they strongly believe that they cannot do other otherwise. Okay. And what it is, is it's that people are there, they're, they're very passive, and not direct, about promising some dream outcome to people out of worry and fear that they're going to disappoint the people that don't get that result.

[283:11] Speaker 4: I totally get that. I totally get that. So we got to speak to that

[284:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: as the first interaction with them.

[285:17] Speaker 4: So what will be what will be a verbiage to use to come out? Oh, talking about the trauma and toxicity of the trauma?

[287:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you could utilize chat GPT to help you with some of that. Have you worked with a number of these women before?

[289:40] Speaker 4: Yes, um, hey. So what kind of all the time for advice? And I'm just like, okay, yeah, you paid for this. Okay, so

[292:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: what happens after they call you for advice? What result happens in their life?

[294:02] Speaker 4: A lot of them when I talk to them, they get that fresh revelation immediately, like, wow, I never thought of it that way.

[296:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And revelation of what? So

[296:57] Speaker 4: like, what? So out, they'll ask me a question. And then I'll just out from the wisdom and the knowledge and experience that I have got will give me what to say to them. And they'll be like, Wow, so I can do this, this and this, instead of doing this.

[301:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so it's the possibilities of what they could be doing in their life. Now, now, do any of them actually go and act on those possibilities and start seeing their life change? Yes. Okay. And so what do those situations look like? It if we were if we were to get really specific as to how they were living before and what their life looks like at the end of that, okay, and what they started doing differently

[311:03] Speaker 1: Okay

[312:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: What would some of those things be?

[313:55] Speaker 4: Many of them were stuck or feeling stuck. They're no longer stuck. They're able to do the thing that they weren't able to do. Some of them were in deep depression. They it's like they got their lives back. Many of them they feel as though they got to live.

[318:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I have I have a coaching client who let me see if let me see if she's on here. She's not but And she's she's in our group, she's also a one on one client of mine. Okay, her track record is helping award winning screenwriters and authors write them and finish their manuscripts. Okay? She has multiple case studies of this. However, anytime that she describes what she does, she always says something very similar to what you're saying, I help them get unstuck. I help them do this. And I asked her, Why aren't you saying that you help people that you know how to get people to where they have a finished manuscript, and have an award winning film script out there, as an example of the specific result that you help people get to. And and her reasoning for why not is that she believes that people will come after her and try to kill her. Because, because if she can't deliver that result to 100% of people, you're right, she actually believes that she deserves to be physically threatened by people for that. And I told her, I think that that might be a great thing to talk with your therapist about. Yeah, because of that, because that fear was stopping her. And and I'm not saying that you have that fear. But what I'm saying is, is that if we can get specific about the stories of the results that we produce for people, so like I could, if I'm selling what I what I offer, I can say I can show you how to how to create an eight figure mentorship and mastermind program, or I can say I can show you a few prompts in chat GPT, that will say nice things. One of them is way stronger and more powerful of an outcome than the other. Gotcha. And so when we can start to get specific in our language that we use as to the results that we're that we've gotten people, and then we bring that into chat GPT, and you start reverse engineering that back into how do we tell that story to the masses, to attract more women like those that have asked you for help. Now, because they haven't paid you in the past, there is a little bit of a learning curve here, to where the ones who will pay you, they're gonna have a very specific area that they're willing to make an investment in. And so we have to figure that out, you're gonna figure that out more by once you start putting yourself out there putting an offer out there, and you start selling that to people, I found that that a lot of people, they want to come up with the answer to this question in the vacuum and the safe cocoon of not actually putting themselves out there. And being willing to actually put ourselves out there, take action, launch an offer, see how people respond, see what feedback comes in. And by the way, the feedback that you might get, I get a lot of really nasty feedback from a lot of the stuff that I do, a lot of our clients get a lot of really nasty feedback from the stuff that they do is because when you put stuff out there in the public, you don't have control over how somebody's going to respond. And so because of that, we have to at least put ourselves out there into the public, see what the direct reaction is, and then filter that into our offer. And that is how we end up attracting the people that are most likely to be the best fit that we can get a result for. But who will also pull out their credit card and purchase what you're offering.

[370:45] Speaker 4: Okay, quick last question. I'm sorry. Um, so can I get information from like, previous, like reviews and things of that nature?

[373:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can, I would also sit and think about those interactions that you've had with people. Okay, think about maybe not the stuff that they've told you directly. But just the stuff that they this, what what have they done? What did they experience? What have they worked through? Um, I'll tell you the biggest area. When I just like what I just told you right now, about writing about writing that sales copy. That's the number one area that shifts people from essentially what Pamela said, losing money on their ads, nobody's showing up to actually seeing financial success. Yet. It's the number one area that most people do last and avoid doing. Because they're trying to do all the other shiny object stuff that they think is going to grow their business, when it's really it's doing what's kind of risky, making a promise to a stranger that I can lead you to your dreams. Gotcha. That's a risk. If I don't know who you are, and I've never met you before. And I tell you, I can lead you to your dreams. That's a risk for both them and me. Because now my reputations on the line to go deliver that result. Now I can't promise that I can deliver that result, guaranteed everybody, but I can promise that I will give the path to most people. The issue is is that when you deal with the public, not everybody has the same experiences, especially when we think about trauma, upbringing, all of that. So we our brain takes information in and it processes it. You're gonna have a room of 50 people and they will hear me say 50 different versions of my talk. True that I give. And so when we can figure out at least how to get the most one I tried to do is I tried to get people that are the most similar to each other in the room together as far as what their goals are, and what their dreams are. And so when you can identify the people that are most similar to each other of those women that you help, now it starts to create this synergy where they, they're like you, I've had people tell me that, like, you're doing a presentation, that's 50 people. And people are like, you're literally speaking directly to me. And I'm like, That's by design, because of the testing and the research of who we want to reach in our business. And who we can help get the best result with, like, I believe everybody who's on here today, if you follow this system, you can make money in your business. Now, you might have to make some tough choices, you might even have to do some things that you didn't want to do. I know a lot of a lot of people, they don't want to run Facebook ads, they don't want to do promotions, they don't want to do anything with social media. I don't teach a method that's outside of that. There's other great people that do teach other methods. Outside of that, in this space, what I like to do is I like to show people how to build masterminds and mentorship programs that create way more money than the average coach does. The average coach only makes a couple $1,000 a month, that's actually pretty average. The system that we show you is exponentially beyond that to the point that it's almost not even fair, how far financially above the average level coach, this system can help you make. But because of that there are processes where you basically have to go against a lot of even the best practices in the coaching industry to be able to make this system work. And so that's why I'm I'm bold enough to be able to tell you what those things are, even though they go against what a lot of people might tell you to do.

[432:42] Speaker 4: So thank you, because I want to

[433:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: see people make a ton of money in their business. I don't want to see people struggling. And so I can either waste people's time for five days beat around the bush and not give you value. Or I can tell you what you need to hear on the first day. All right. Pamela, you back up. I just want to let's let's check out your ads here. I don't want to take too much time going over this right now. Because I know we got some more people that got some questions here. What do you want? What specifically? Do you want feedback on Pamela?

[443:17] Speaker 1: You got to unmute yourself. I want to I want to find out what I can do to that ad to make it more appealing where people would would want to come to this free zoom talk, which I'm using

[447:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can you show it to us? Can you share your screen and show it to us?

[448:34] Speaker 1: See if I can do that. Open up on screen. See here. Okay.

[451:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: And Pamela, were you listening to what I was sharing with Mary because when I was sharing this directly, what's going to help your your ads and your offer to is getting really specific about what is that outcome that you lead people to?

[455:25] Speaker 1: Can you see that ad?

[457:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that so that's a landing page. That's an offer page right there. This is okay.

[459:32] Speaker 1: So they would have to click that to register. So this was the ad that the company sent out. And what I'm doing is I'm trying to get people with one of the four diseases that are focused on high blood pressure type two diabetes, weight loss, and prostate cancer to my masterminds. So I have four courses or masterminds.

[468:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, from what I see here,

[469:38] Speaker 0: um, it's

[470:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, it's it's not specific enough about what the overall health is that you're helping them with. It talking in a lot of different directions of what it can help people do. And this isn't necessarily an ad, this is a screenshot of a landing page here. Here's what I would recommend is if you're able to get

