VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-07-11T21:21:51.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: OUPOSH7tR8TqiMS2sXTrZW1vUFo
---

[0:46] Speaker 0: Here we go

[2:48] Speaker 0: let's go

[3:29] Speaker 1: in the VIP here

[5:30] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello, welcome. Hello. Hello. All right.

[7:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome in today, for our VIP, thanks for being here. Listen, if you have questions, let me know, raise your hand. And let's go over those together

[12:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: raise your hand if you have a question. And then we will start to start by raising your hand. And the format of the VIP here is that, you know, we have the sessions that we did with the training sessions. And so if you've got specific questions or areas that you want to work through, don't be shy as well. What's up? Pamela? How are you?

[19:59] Speaker 0: So I was in the free training. Yeah, let me start by saying free training was great. Thank you so much. Well, thank you, Jeremiah. Yeah, I was in the free training, and a couple of thoughts came up. If we are telling someone, what we're going to do and why they ought to work with us, should we tell them that after we give them a fictitional story, or a story of a person with a problem and how that problem was solved, that they can identify with?

[29:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I don't understand what you're asking? No, I don't understand what you're asking at all. I've never, I've never heard of that before.

[31:03] Speaker 0: Well, we talked about creating, yesterday, we talked about not just telling people, I can make you sleep better, but by creating a scenario that they can relate to, like a person

[34:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to figure out a scenario based on because I know you have a number of clients, what are the scenarios that people are coming in for to to, to work with you with? And then you

[37:31] Speaker 0: the ones, you know, the ones that I, I have a story? I mean, I do have lots of stories. But my question is, when I'm telling them, why they should come to me, instead of just any of my colleagues, my approach is different. I don't just use a sleeping pill. I look at the whole body system. And I use alternative therapies, as well as conventional I integrate those. Yeah, I can tell them a story about a client that I had that couldn't go to sleep, and how we help them sleep better, and then give a quote of what they said,

[47:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: where are you? Where are we talking about telling the story? On the presentation on the video, set in the sales copy, right? No, not in the sales copy, you don't do that? No, you have a headline in the sales copy, you're not talking about a person you're talking about them. You want to talk about the person that you're talking to specifically and what their goals are. And you have to assume that they have a specific problem based off of the track record and stories that your other clients have had. And so if you think about what are the reasons that your clients have come to you, you want to invite people to have the same issues, and the same problems and the same goals, what you're doing in the sales copy is and we're gonna go over this. Like the process of how we do this tomorrow in the sales copy is it's it's speaking to and mirroring the person who's on their computer, they're scrolling on social media, you're mirroring their energy of their story back to them of what they are struggling with, and what they are dealing with, and promising a solution to them to solve that problem. And it has to be emotionally based, and not clinically based. Does that make sense? Correct? Yeah, you're not telling a story of somebody else. You can tell case studies and stories of other people further down that but just like, hey, I have a client that I did this, that's, that's not going to that might work a little bit, but not for the sales copy for your sales copy. And I am. I'm going to take a risk here and say something. So Pamela, you've been on about five or six of these events with me. And we've been going over the pretty much the same questions every single time for the last five months. And I feel like there's a massive kind of disconnect here about what you need to do to actually make this work for you. And so it's it's it's about you You being able to emotionally grab somebody who you've never met before, through an advertisement on the internet, but when you, when I've seen your landing pages, and I've seen the graphics and stuff like that, you may want to hire somebody to help you do that, and have them go through some of this training here as well. Because what I'm saying, I don't know if it's translating for you, in the way of what it is because it's, I feel like we're speaking two very different languages here. Okay. So I just want to honor and respect you with that is that I don't want to waste your time anymore. With something that's that's clearly not working for you. And so with that, what I want to just encourage you with and for those of y'all are like, this is the first time I've ever said this. But Pamela has been through like five of these trainings with me. And I've said the same thing every single time to her. And so what I want, what I want to understand is, I think where you're stuck is how you actually communicate with other human beings. And how you communicate with the written word on a sales letter is very different from doctor speak and Doctor lingo, and how you as a doctor connect with people, marketing and sales is diametrically in a completely different direction. And there's two books that I think can really help you with this is the book The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy all about attracting the right clients and boosting your sales, and specifically how you structure a sales letter for the purpose of sales for the purpose of getting people to give you give you money, it's not just telling them what you do, it's not just we offer this, it's not just here's the story of people we've worked with. There's a there's an art to this, and and we have prompts that we will go through tomorrow with chat GPT that actually break those down. I've given you those prompts as well to use. But the outputs that you're that you showed me like yesterday, I don't even know what you're saying right here. It's just I don't think that this is translating for you very well. And so I want to figure out a why that is because I do want to serve you because I know that you're here. But I also want to say if if this is if this is not connecting with you, maybe figure out what the underlying issue is as to why this is not how you're explaining what you do to people is not connecting with the way that people actually do commerce and business on the internet. It's so opposite of what's effective. And so I want you to understand that I want you to be effective, I want you to be effective. And I've and I may sound really harsh and mean right now, but I would I would be doing you a disservice if I said anything else other than that is what you have to learn more about sales, communication, and less about what you've done for the last 2030 years. And the other book is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. It's all about how you communicate in sales. We want to qualify our prospects, we want to to make sure that we're communicating in a way the only reason anybody buys from us is they trust, that there's an outcome that they will get, and they are emotionally making a connection with us. People don't purchase for any reason other than that, no matter what you offer. And so that's the foundation of what we need to build all of this off of Okay.

[137:41] Speaker 0: Let me let me just stop you there. Because you don't know me. So you're making assumptions, but you don't know me. I had a professional marketer. She was not marketing for Nike, and other large corporations. I wasn't getting business. I took that over. And I started doing it. I just finished an advertising course with a lady from Australia. Awesome. And I have done very well. I have been on multiple multiple of your sessions. But I've also been on other people's sessions, okay, for training at some of it was a pure waste of my time. But I found that you were giving me something I can use. If I didn't think you couldn't help me. I got other things to do. I'm busy. I don't need free help. And I don't need cheap help. Any good help. That is the only reason that I keep coming back. Now is the app that you saw. I didn't make that that was made by a professional marketing person. It is worse than the first one they showed me. The first one they showed me. I didn't think anybody would come. So I sent it back with a few suggestions that I got from you. They didn't incorporate all of them, but they did change it a little bit and they got 19 people to sign up. The problem is is we need more people than that, because five came only two of them were people that didn't work for them. Yes, is helping me. But don't assume because I'm a physician, that I can't speak the language of people. I am the only independent sleep practice in Virginia, that is not struggling. I'm telling people, I'm so I can take you, I'm trying to do something different now. I developed the largest support group, while the second largest support group of people for restless legs in the country. And they told me, You will never be able to get doctors and patients to talk together. Well, they gave me a grant, we got the hotel. So awesome, the program had to tell people, you don't have to go home, but you got to get out of here because I ain't got no more money to hold this place. I know how to talk to people, um, know what community service. And I have had people who call themselves professional, helping me that draining my bank account. So that's why I said I will come that must be hard. So yeah, I can talk to people, I'm known. And the thing is, I have a large following of people, I am just not ready to go out there and put up junk because I'm known for quality.

[182:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and that and that might be the biggest thing that's that's stopping you is is the that you need it to be a certain level of quality that that you're willing to put your name behind tonight, I say this all the time, you have to be willing to experiment. Even if it's not perfect, you have to put it out there in that way. And so you have accomplished a whole lot, I can only go based off of what you've shown me over the multiple interactions that we've had, again, I don't I don't claim to, to know you, I'm just going based off of what you've given me, I would encourage you to be to go back to the drawing board with your marketing. And I think, from what you've just told me right now that you know a lot more than you give yourself credit for, and maybe stop hiring all these people that call themselves professionals. A lot of people are not smart, and they're not worth their time. Oh, you know better than they do.

[195:52] Speaker 0: I will hire them. But I need to have some knowledge myself because I can't do everything. But if you have no knowledge, you don't know what you find. Yeah. And it's not like I'm just sitting here taking your courses. I'm doing things all the time. I still have launches. I have people sign up for my email. I have programs coming. I'm planning next year. I am not dependent on one thing, my practice of medical minister told you only one that isn't, we're not broke. We're not looking for people. We're trying to do some unhindered underhanded thing to sneak you into the back door. We have a good product people know it. Absolutely. Now that I'm telling them I'm sorry, I just don't have it.

[207:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now. And here's the thing, when I speak the truth to people, they usually react how you do when they're there. They're defensive. And, and so I used to not be as direct as I was because I didn't want people to get defensive. It sounds like you, you may feel threatened by what I was saying. That was not my intention. But I want I want you to succeed and I want you to start to get results. I'm gonna move on to another person's question here right now. I'm not here to debate you, Doctor, doctor.

[216:04] Speaker 0: But please don't stereotype me and think that because you know other doctors that you know me my conversation completely different.

[218:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, didn't didn't stereotype you. I'm gonna go on to another question. Deena, how are you? I'm okay. And

[220:58] Speaker 3: I'm very thankful to the doctor for sharing her full story of everything. Really? Yeah.

[222:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: She's She's incredible. Yeah, here's the thing when you when you when you coach people you don't know their story. And so I, but I want to see all you guys making real money in your business. That's my goal. Nothing.

[226:49] Speaker 3: All right. So I am like, right at the beginning with marketing, because, as I mentioned, I've been using my warm market. And I've got lots of clients with my warm market, but I want to get out there. And so do you have any recommendations? You did talk about Squarespace. And then a landing page. What else do you need? Or do you have a list of recommended software's that we can look at?

[233:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the software that we use, and we'll go over this tomorrow and the next day, okay, because I liked Squarespace for the landing page. Because of the cost. It's very cost effective. It's less than 25 bucks a month. You can use Click Funnels, you can use Kajabi you can use all these other platforms. I find it the easiest to get up and running and get results with and then I use MailChimp for email Oh side of things that connects together that allows me to then automate emails that go out to people. So when I schedule a zoom call like this, we have an automated email. Some of y'all are like, Why did the email, say 15 minutes, you know, beforehand, and I was 10 minutes late? Well, because we rescheduled that yesterday, I didn't go back in and change that. And so that was an automated thing that went out that email, the reminder was, because that was that was the goal to get here, at least at the top of the hour will extend the end of the hour here, but so I generally recommend Squarespace and MailChimp, as far as the funnel side of things goes, and then I just use either an iPhone camera, or I will use I got, I got a camera right here that I got off of amazon for 27 bucks, I don't recommend making a big investment into a studio space, and all this expensive equipment, it's not going to add to your bottom line. And honestly, I, I think one of the biggest, you know, I meet people, they won't launch their coaching business until their cameras are perfect. I think that's just pride and ego. I think it's pride and ego of needing to have things at a certain level of like, top notch before they're willing to launch something, go make a ton of money. First, we made a ton of money with my mom's business and with my business with inexpensive equipment and inexpensive gear, and the reason why I don't use expensive gear, because I want to show you guys that you don't need it. You don't need to spend a bunch of money to be successful. You know, okay,

[264:51] Speaker 3: so then for with MailChimp, you have to have an email address that isn't like Yahoo or Gmail, is that correct?

[266:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you do. And you can get that over at. Google provides for email addresses where you can sign up and get those email addresses created in less than five minutes. Okay, yeah. All right. Okay, so yeah, so we'll go over some of the technology and how we put the funnel side of that together. But the biggest thing that's most important is the words that you use, how you communicate, the words that are on your landing page, the visuals that are on the landing page need to connect with who your prospect is, if they don't, you might even get 20 3040 leads, we had a client this past week, she got 60 leads to an offer. Nobody showed up to her presentation. Okay, because nobody felt it was worth their time to take the time out of their day, and their schedule to listen to her. Now she got two options, is she going to take that personally cry in a corner and go talk to her therapist, or she gonna say, you know, what, what can I do to adjust and tweak my offer for it to be more successful, which is that's the, that's the suggested thing to do. And that's what so she was able to bring the offer to our accelerator group. And we were able to give feedback on what to adjust with her language, and how to change it and how to adjust it and tweak it. She put it out there and tested it, it was for a yoga yoga offer. And so that's what we were able to help go back and forth and do that. I got I have clients in our group, you know, their, their first offer made $35,000. That's, that's awesome. Most people will break even in their initial offer, though, because it's like, you're testing how the public responds to things. The public of human beings on social media, and on Facebook is uncontrollable. They're a wild card. Oh, and by the way, the algorithm changes every, like, every minute. And so what worked last month may not work next month. That's the crazy part that can make you go crazy with it. But that's why when we can test these offers out and we start to align them and you create what is the what is the most effective language to reach the people that are most likely to become clients that are most likely to become paid customers. And that's the language that you want to put out there. Is is the words in your sales copy that speak to when I say speak to obviously words don't speak they only speak in somebody's head when they're talking and reading them. So obviously I know that they words communicate in written form when somebody sees them with their eyes, and then it connects with them and they make a split second decision. Is this for me or is it not? Okay, now see, we have to get into like the we have to embody our customer. Is this for me or is it not? So now once they sign up, they made the decision that's for them. They sign up now here's what you got. You got a day, three days, five days, 10 days until your presentation where they can get distracted by 1000 Other things in their life to tell them to not show up and listen to you. Okay, so your offer needs to be important enough and and touch such a pain point enough for them. Um, that even if their house is burning down, they will show up to listen to you. And that's what that's what most people get wrong, they'll get a lot of signups nobody shows up because well, other things came up. And so you want your offer needs to be important enough that even if other things come up, they will show up and listen to you. And now that's where you have a captive audience. That's where you're there. You have people that are listening to your presentation. Now your next job is how do I dial in that presentation to be most effective to close sales? Because once they're in front of you, now we have to give a presentation that's going to close sales, and that can be optimized. So those are the different stages that I tell people to optimize for for their offer you want to optimize first for signups. Right. But then for show ups. You want more people actually showing up in general? That's a great indicator. So will you get a lot of signups 60 signups is pretty good. But only to show up, okay, we got to tweak our sales copy, still, we got to tweak our targeting, we got to tweak our ad. Now if we're 60, sign up and 30 show up, okay, now that's really good. At and then out of that, if 30 show up, she could easily have gotten 15 to 20 sales. And that's, that's not difficult at all to do. It's about framing the outcome and making a promised outcome that people they will move heaven and earth to make sure to be there to listen to you. And I think you know, I've never worded it that way. But I think that that's really that's what it is, you know, Angela, Rose, I want to I want to highlight you, we used to go to the Danny Johnson events for years, people would move heaven and earth to go listen to Danny Johnson, right? Literally, like we would move because there was something important enough to be there for that we would move our schedule. That's the same thing in our coaching business. And I learned that from seeing that from Danny. And then seeing that with my mom is that's what sets apart. People that make the most amount of money is that they they make, what they're presenting what they're promising. And their offer is important enough to people that they will clear their schedule to listen to what that solution is that you're going to offer. And so when it's not like or it's it's borderline, or it's, you know, it's, it's kind of okay. The sad part of it is it's not like, it's not like if I was going to draw this out here. Your offer is like kind of, okay. It's almost like this is like, your show up rates will be here when it's really aligned. And then if it's even, like 15%, less, it almost pretty much goes to zero. And that's the disappointing part for most people is their 90 their offers, like 90% of the way where they need to be, but it's not quite there. And so the ads aren't converting, and they get frustrated, because they're like I'm doing all the right things. My ad said all the right things. It said I followed what Jeremiah said it didn't work, nobody showed up. It's because it's dialed into what are you actually inviting people into? What is the offer that you're making them? Is it powerful enough, important enough, solving a big enough problem, that people will make it a priority to figure out how to be there. And they'll make it a priority to figure out how to get the finances together to buy what you're offering. And anything but that is in the online marketing space is a guaranteed loss of money, loss of time, and failure. So and it's like it's it's this is the part that most people struggle with the most is what I just said right there. Because a lot of people, they they'll use language, I don't want to be too much. Or even like Doctor stuff says, I don't want to put crap out there. You know, and we judge how other people have done things. And we decide, I don't want to be like them. I don't want to I don't want to over promise I hear people say this I don't want to over promise. I always under promise over deliver. If you're under promising and your offer you can guarantee nobody's gonna show up to listen to you. And that's the problem of why most people struggle to make any money in the coaching business. And you want to know why they're under promising in that it's a mindset issue. It's we don't want to disappoint people, we don't want to anger them, or we don't want to be labeled as quote unquote, one of those people. We don't want to be labeled as quote unquote, somebody that people don't want to be around just just another salesperson, just another marketer, just somebody here's the thing. People are going to label you as that no matter what you do, no matter how many results you get for people, I can get 1000s of people results and I will still have my just sent to me that I'm the biggest scammer that ever existed on the internet. And I get those messages every single day, people telling me that people going through my training is telling me that I'm the worst person they ever met in their life. And what I've had to train myself to do is that it does not faze me one bit what people labeled me ask what they what they don't like, what they dislike, what they think I should be doing differently. Because I feel confident in this process that we do now. And so the self confidence in what your offer is, and the confidence in your ability to deliver results for people, when you bring that to the table in your offer over here that attracts the right people to you. And that leads them to make a sale with you. Otherwise, that's why we're struggling to get people to show up we're struggling to get anybody to listen to us is because we're tiptoeing, we don't want to sound too, too excited, we don't want to sound too much, I don't want to sound like I know too much. I don't want to seem like a No at all, all these little things that society tells us that we need to do to be good citizens, quote, unquote, I say I throw them out the window completely when it comes to sales and marketing. And I follow this process that I've been teaching you the last two days, and that we'll be showing you over the next the next three days, and hopefully those that are in our accelerator, this is what we talked about in our accelerator as well. And this is what separates those that get results and those that that struggle i i 100% know that so. All right. sanzu, how are you?

[424:21] Speaker 4: Hi Good. Can I just offer something to Dr. Stubbs, just I'm sure you're aware that a marketer is different from a copywriter, right, because the marketer tells you where to advertise and how to advertise. Whereas a copywriter is specifically focused on the words you use. And in clinical language is the equivalent of a marketer, as a general physician or doctor and a copywriter is a surgeon. And if you want some names of some really good copywriters that I've used myself, let you know, put it in the chat

[433:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: GPT allows us to do the copy in a way that's really effective. The the prompts that we put together really, really do that. I don't want to keep rehashing the differences of that I have told I have a client in our in our accelerator, I'd love to I tell her this straight up. One of the biggest reasons why her offer struggled was I wrote some copy for her. And here's what she said, that doesn't sound like my brand. It makes me sound illegitimate. And it makes me sound untrustworthy. And then she lost her offer and it didn't work. And I said, Well, here's the thing, you didn't use the copy that I wrote for you, because you felt that it made you look bad to people that it made you look on reputable. And so because of that her offer failed. And I said if you started to use that copy that I wrote, it would attract the right people. And so it's this it's this, this barrier of trying to control and manage our reputation. I yeah, I tell people this i and it's a risky statement that I in sales and marketing, I don't believe that we need to focus so hard on managing our reputation. My reputation is the results that I get my clients, it's great, what other people think about me for my sales copy, I do not worry about that at all. And so in that what I care most about is how can I get as much sales in my business through my offer? And if that's not something that people are willing to do, then they shouldn't be marketing online. They shouldn't be running Facebook ads, they shouldn't be promoting offers that way, because that's how this this business works that way. So did you have a question?

[458:42] Speaker 4: I did. Yeah. Quick, easy question. Um, so with sales copy, I want to be focusing on writing to an individual person and using a lot of you language. Is that right? Yes,

[461:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes. Yeah. Yeah, I got it. Yes. Which a lot of people Oh, try to avoid doing because they don't want to see society tells us don't project onto people things. Yeah. You know, in sales copy you, your copy will fall flat, if you're not speaking to you one individual person, and assuming that they have a specific problem. Because if they don't, then they won't, they'll they'll they'll click off your offer, they will see it. It says you are struggling with this. Well, I'm not starting with that. And they'll they'll click off your offer. So then the algorithm will stop showing the ad to people that have that issue, the algorithm will start to do that by we have to make assumptions of who we're talking to in our offer. And it has to be very specific. That's why trying to be super generalist trying to be super wide range, casting a wide net with our sales copy that that will usually fall flat.

[476:36] Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah. And it was what you were saying before that. We kind of want the algorithm to siphon off or I can't remember the word I was using before there was a good word but anyway, filter filtering, maybe filtering

[480:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: filter out. Yeah, algorithm will filter out who doesn't have those problems by reading copy on the page by reading the landing page. And then when people see our ad, or when people see our offer, they now it's an invitation to be able to see if they resonate with us, if they connect with us, if they if they if they ultimately connect with what we're saying, how we're communicating.

[487:13] Speaker 4: Thank you that that that helps. That answers my question.

[488:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I told my group this, I'll share this with you guys. Oftentimes, your sales copy is not going to sound like you do in person, once they get in front of you. Now, that's where you can present who you are to people, how you communicate how you talk, because people are going to energetically resonate with you, once they hear you talk and connect. Now the old school way is we do a bunch of discovery calls, we get on the phone, and we do discovery calls with people, I don't want to do that. I'll do a presentation at scale, where we have I think, yesterday, I checked the stats across all platforms, we had 50 people watching, across all the different YouTube, I added on all my Facebook pages. So different people were watching in different pages and stuff like that. Combined, it was like 50 people, we had about 150 registered, that means on our I've been doing this for last year, about 120 people will end up watching all five days, by the time we get through this. They'll watch the recordings, things like that. So your goal is with our offer. With putting our offer out there, the goal is to get people to actually consume that piece of video content that you're putting out there. If they're just on your email list, it's very unlikely that they're going to actually purchase something from you. And I think that that might be one of the biggest disconnects, is they have to connect with you in some sort of medium format, where they can see your body language where they can see how you talk, how you communicate, how you interact with other people and things like that. And so like that's why when we do settings like this, the one of the best atmospheres to be able to demonstrate that to people is in a live video training. And then that's why I have the VIP separately to answer questions of people is it's the best way for me to to show people what it's like to work with me in a in a group.

[519:41] Speaker 4: Oh my god, Jeremiah, when I post these Q and A's, I get the most brilliant ideas on what you just there, what you said just there. An image just popped in my mind. Now I know what I need to do with my email list. Because the big because what I need to do is create a little video inside my email list so they can see if they're not coming to YouTube, I don't have any. Yeah, you

[525:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: can say hey, I did, we've done that before, hey, I have a special message for you. So over here, you could send them to a link over to your YouTube, your embedded video into the email, but you could put a photo of the video in there, and how good it is for them. But that's why you want to interact with people in a way where they can hear from you where they can connect with you. That's what closes the most amount of sales in this in this business to build a multi six fit. And I'm not talking about other business models and other industries. I'm talking about the business that I've been building in for two decades, in this business people connecting on video, and also you having boundaries boundaries is very important. You know, having boundaries to where you don't just talk to just anybody. You know, you will offend certain people because of that. At this point now I don't worry about am I offending so and so because I didn't reply to their message to me, I have set my business up and my my lifestyle how I want it to be in the way and some people would call that posturing. I think it's important to do that. I think it's important in this business in the coaching, mentoring business, to have some sort of a barrier of entry of how quickly people can get access to, to touch you and require them to be able to pay to be able to talk and ask questions that and because then what that does is that that demonstrates your value. When you ask people to pay money to work with you. It's not that well, you're you're giving free advice over here. So why would I pay to work with you over here if you're just giving all these free calls to people? Nobody's gonna respect you when you ask them to pay something. You know, even even when I'm doing these calls right here, my mom told me that me charging $23 for these VIPs makes it to where none of you respect me. And now I don't fully agree with that. I don't agree with you You're in the future for these types of calls right here because and this is just me processing out loud as I may be charging more for these in the future, because it's too easy for people to just come ask a question on one of these trainings. And then and then and then go and do nothing with it. And so for me, what we what we have to do is we have to separate, okay, I have a paid program that I offer people. And then what I'm doing for my free offer, or low cost, offer anything that's less than $97. Please listen to what I'm about to say right now, everybody who's on here. Anything that you offer, that's less than 100 bucks, the purpose of it is exclusively for sales and marketing, not for delivering coaching to people. Now, you may deliver coaching to people through it, you may solve problems for people through it. But the entire purpose, the only purpose why I do any of these is sales and marketing. It's a it's a way of marketing my business. And the margins are aligned in the right way that it's profitable enough for us to pay for our ad spend to bring in the right amount of cash flow that we need to have a business that runs profitably. Okay. And so that's why when people connect, that's why we do calls like this, you know, I've had people that are very offended that I charge for, for to DM me and message me? Um,

[586:59] Speaker 0: yeah, I do.

[587:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And because of that our business has grown when I didn't, our business stagnated because I was too available to everybody. So well, I learned a lot of that from my mom, as well,

[590:49] Speaker 4: I just I just agree with from with your mom about you charging too little for these things, because people who come Jeremiah to these Q and A's do hear the value that you provide. And we appreciate the low ticket. It's both, you know, we do here and value, what you're what you're saying in these things, and we show up, and we value it, I got lots of great ideas.

[596:44] Speaker 0: Well, I appreciate that. So

[597:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just wanted to like repeat what I had said, The only purpose behind why I show up and do any of these events is sales and marketing.

[599:38] Speaker 0: That's it.

[600:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I seen a lot of people, they put way too much of their reputation on the line for their free offer. They put way too much. They've built it up in their head of trying to make sure that everything's so perfect, that they look perfect that they sound perfect, that it's just right that it's put together just right for their free offer. And I see it as literally it's all just an experiment, I'm just throwing eggs at the wall and seeing which one sticks. That's it. And then people are like they're super timid to even throw like one off rather than I'm like no, like you got to realize that to be successful, you're going to have to start just throwing darts in the direction and see which one goes in that way. I invest a lot more energy into my into my coaching group. I invest as little energy as humanly possible into doing these events right here. And I'm not going to invest more energy into them as well, because it's just it's not worth my time to do that. It's not it's not worth the brain energy. I have other things to do. And so I Why am I saying this, this might sound ridiculous to some of you how I'm wording this because you guys need to have the same exact belief about your offers, that you're not willing to spend more than the bare minimum amount of time into your offer to get clients. That violates almost everything that most gurus and business coaches say. And yet it's a standard that has made us a ton of money for our clients when they start applying it. It is I systematize it to where it takes as little time as possible. To grow your email list to get new client inflow. One of the biggest issues that people have is they spent way too much time perfecting their marketing instead of just testing, experimenting, seeing what connects with people. And that that's what's gonna make you more money. Is that testing process?

[634:06] Speaker 5: All right, Ed.

[634:55] Speaker 4: Hey, man, how you doing?

[635:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you?

[635:37] Speaker 6: You're good. Okay, um, I just kind of a question. Hope it's not jumping ahead of the sales copy. But I did work with somebody last year I was trying to get something up and running. And they are trying to show me how to do these Facebook ads and And they said, Oh, you can't use these words. And Facebook is real specific on that. And I felt really, like I wanted to say an experiment with sales copy in this thing. Oh, no, you can't, because you can't say, you can't say that. And you can't, you know, I was gonna

[644:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: know what the words are, you can't you can't sell sex toys, and you can't sell marijuana. So,

[645:36] Speaker 6: no, it was it was like even using first person. Like she said, You can't use first person. And so really,

[647:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: we all the ads that we run now they're all generated by chat GPT. And I don't even edit them. Okay, so I don't even edit the ads that I run, I just had a chat GPT create four variations of my copy. And then I see which one sticks the best and it converts better than the ones that I write. So I'm

[651:28] Speaker 6: not going to shut you down if you use the wrong words. No, you're not using those topics. And no, yes,

[653:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's why I say focus. That's why I focus in on my sales copy on the sales letter. And I copy the whole sales letter in the chat CBT and tell it to generate Facebook ads. And I'll be showing that kind of in the in the main training. Tomorrow, I'm going to spend most of the whole day just going through the different stuff that we've been talking about here about sales copy about using chat GPT, about how you word it, I have a prompt that I use where I have it, filter out all of the all of the different pain points, outcomes, seven different, like layers of objections that people would have, why they would avoid it. And then I tell chat GPT I say create a sales letter in a way that that says, Do you have this problem explains that you have empathy by saying I understand I've been there as well. And then invite them to the solution in the form of a webinar. And that prompt creates. Have you been struggling with this? I get it. I struggled to that language right there. Every single one of our sales are as follows that cadence. And when we do that, when you show the idea is to show empathy, whether it's been you struggle with it or your successful clients have, you know, are you dealing with fear fear of public speaking, you know, when I used to stand up on stage to speak, I would sweat bullets, and I couldn't even get the words out of my mouth. And my face was beet red, and nothing was happening. But I knew that I had to change something in order to progress my career. Let's say that that would be the sales copy. That's how I would write it and how I would word it. Yeah, GPT actually helps us then improve upon that. And then I'll edit that output right there. And that that copy converts like crazy. And the other thing that I'll do is this is that we will take I'll show you guys how to do this, I will take existing sales letters that I see on Facebook ads. And I'll tell chats, eptl copy their headline. And I'll tell it what My offer is and I'll tell it rewrite their headline for my offer. And the AI will rewrite their headline for my offer. Let me actually just show you guys how we're how that happens really, really fast here.

[688:49] Speaker 6: While you're while you're looking at up are these conversion, Anson is that the kind I run them as

[689:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: lead conversion ads. So let's just take this headline right here. Okay, and I'm gonna just like real simply transform people's lives of the coaching business finally achieved that yada yada yada, okay. Write a headline for an energy healing business for people who want to get more clients for their crystal energy healing business, right? I guess you could do that. Well, it also try a dog business, use the following headline as a template for the structure or the structure and tone. But importantly, keep the context

[702:17] Speaker 2: to be based on the energy healing and crystal healing business. And you could fill that in. And so then we go template, here's my headline from my page. And it's going to reword that headline, unlock the healing power and transform people's lives. Okay, so this would be about achieving a certain level of income right there. So let's just say, don't talk about achieving a certain level of income, talk about the objections someone might have to energy healing and the goals they want.

[712:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ignite transformation in your crystal healing business finally addressed Miss consent. So the idea is we have a number of prompts that will do that. I'll actually give it feeder information. I didn't give it enough information here. The prompts will, it'll break down all of those objections, all of the goals that they have, and then it will restructure the headline in a way that matches any template that you throw at it. And you could use any sales letter on the planet and have it filter through that way.

[720:00] Speaker 6: Whoa, that's, that's pretty there's no

[720:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's no reason really to hire somebody to write your copy when you know how to use chat CPT the right way. I firmly believe that. That's why I don't offer copywriting services to people. Because I would rather show people how easy it is to do on their own. Now people will come to me, they'll say, Okay, here's what I did with the copy. And I'll be like, Okay, let's tweak it, let's do that. I do that in our coaching group, often. And oftentimes, a lot of the copy that people write is, it's still it's very surface level, it's very timid is the word I guess it's like, they're, they don't want to, they don't want to promise too much. They're, they're, they're they're holding, they don't want it to sound like people are gonna get too much out of this. And so that's always the area where I tell people to tweak it, if you can, like really say, Okay, if I was like, just bold enough to say, what I maybe you can only help but I say, it might only be point 1% of your clients gets that ultimate result. But that's the dream direction that you're pointing in the sales copy in. That's the dream outcome that you're pointing the sales copy towards. And so that's what attracts people that actually show up. Otherwise, you won't get anybody showing up. But you'll spend a bunch of money on your ads, you might even get a bunch of leads. Because people make it a priority to listen to you when it's important enough to them, to actually make it a priority in their time.

[743:58] Speaker 6: Doing stuff to be careful with certain words like cure, like if I said, you know, my sales copy was, hey, if you've got diabetes, you know, show up to our webinar, and we will give you the latest cures for diabetes, or you have to

[747:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have a Diabetes Cure is your offer.

[748:17] Speaker 6: No, I'm just using that as an example. Using someday. Yeah, I'm in the health profession, though. So I have kind of I definitely

[750:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: do. So I have a number of people in the health profession you go based off of symptoms, and end outcome dream life goal. So diabetes, what does that prevent people from actually doing? Lifestyle activity? Well, lifestyle activities, lack of sleep, lack of clarity, lack of

[755:35] Speaker 4: ice cream, and Jonah?

[756:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: There you got exactly, actually, that's that right there, what you said sand to if you had a diabetes offer, that might not be a bad idea to put on the like, jokingly on there, as like, you know, and then you could talk about what the symptoms are further down in there, there's a way to word it, there's a way to adjust it, there's a way to structure it. And so that's why again, this goes back to what is the outcome? What is that dream life that people want, that your offer helps them with and what is uniquely connected to their situation. More

[767:02] Speaker 6: with or their kids or more energy, or with, you know, their family.

[768:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So if they had diabetes, you want to talk about you know, you get it, you're like you taught you put it further down, constantly having to prick your finger and do do a blood sugar check. Like, you could say that language in there. And it will imply who you're talking to, again, I just want to take a step back. in culture, in society, in business, we are taught to not do that. Right? We are literally taught to not communicate that way with people. And if I said to you, you know, well, maybe you you know, you don't want to be pricking your finger all day long and doing that, like it's so socially against what's even okay with how we talk to people. But when it comes to sales, copy on Facebook ads, it's what converts, it's, it's the craziest thing. And so that's why I tell people like for you to write, copy, that's going to work, it's not going to sound like you. It's not going and it might even make you feel uncomfortable. You might even worry that it's going to make you look a certain way that you don't want to now I wouldn't, you don't always need to look a certain way that you don't want to, to people. But I've come to grips with the fact that by me telling you this, there was a small segment of the market that looks like I'm encouraging you to scam people. And I'm okay with that judgment from people. You know, I encourage I encourage people to read a book by a guy who went to prison for scamming people. It's one of the best sales books that's ever been ever written. I think it's I think it's like Angelou, I think this book is like 50 times better than any of the stuff Danny Johnson taught about sales. I've read the book like 10 times her stuff was good, but this is like next level it's all about how we have to understand how does somebody scam people effectively. I hope somebody just like clips this and creates like, sends it to coffee Zilla and exposes me or something. I don't know. I thought it'd be funny. Anyways, why do scammers get away with that because they build trust with people they build Build trust in the outcome that they're going to deliver. So why would you as somebody who has integrity and a good product, and something that actually helps people, and actually produces a result, you got to use the same tools to communicate. And we can't worry about well, the 5% of people that are going to judge us negatively, because maybe we postured ourselves too strongly on that sales letter or something like that.

[807:04] Speaker 6: Okay, cool. Thank you appreciate.

[808:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Angela.

[809:00] Speaker 1: Can I just say, for everyone here, what Jeremy has to say, I'm sorry, I know you as Jeremy what Jeremiah is teaching

[811:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: me for a long time. That's I

[812:01] Speaker 1: knew him when he was 16 year old kid working at the back table of a room filled with 2000 people. And all I can say is, what he's teaching is golden. And the reason I'm so I want you to know that he has a heart bigger than Dallas. And so I'm so passionate about it, because I've made the mistakes that he's talking about me his heart is for y'all to win. And to make a difference in the people's lives that you serve, and I've done it wrong. I have been the perfection queen, because I'm probably dating myself. But I trained as a professional photographer with the hustle blog, with 120 to 20 film, where you can't make a mistake, you it would just be money in the end. And so it was before the digital age where you could fix everything with Photoshop. Anyway, so please don't go please don't take offense when he tells you something's wrong, what you just said and what you just demonstrated about AI, that it's gonna save you 10s

[832:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what tomorrow is. I'm gonna I did it like for five minutes. Right now, I'm going to really spend all of tomorrow's lesson breaking down. We have a process that I came up with, with our group, it takes 15 minutes to write your whole sales letter.

[836:09] Speaker 1: I'm at the point what you just showed I'm at the point. Let's scrap the next few days. Can we just join accelerator? Alright. Let's get there. Like ready to go chomping at the bit. Because what you just taught I have spent 1000s of dollars training with copywriters who who charge six figures.

[842:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: The problem is they don't want to talk about what they're actually doing to people. And my mom and I talked about this, they're also they're afraid to actually shoot straight with people a lot of copywriters are, right, because they want to string people along for copywriting contracts,

[846:11] Speaker 1: right, but what you just taught me is just like that alone was worth the price of admission for the entire week. So I mean, just the amount of money and time that that what you just taught would save someone is, is golden. It's it's far, far beyond what you charge for your accelerator program. And the only reason I know is because I've made the mistakes for the last 11 years. So I just want to say I'm so grateful. And forgive me for crying and getting all your good.

[857:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I also just if anybody knows I didn't, I didn't meet with Angela, backstage and say, Hey, can you cry and tell everybody that I'm great? You know, I didn't say that. So

[860:43] Speaker 1: same amount of money as everybody else. I don't get any special perks or anything like that. It that's not what this is about. This is about getting results, so we can serve the people that we serve on a much bigger level. Okay, so I do have a question. And I'm pretty sure you're probably going to answer it tomorrow. But when the feedback that I've gotten is, I can't afford this. And I've got three different levels. 97 497 1297 when they say I can't afford the $97 Am I targeting the wrong?

[871:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: People? Well, no, there's always going to be people that say they can't afford what you're what you're doing. There's people that can't afford the $23 here for this VIP, there's, there's people that can't. And really I see time as an investment. There's people that say they can't afford to spend five days to listen to a training. You know, they'll say they can't afford an hour to listen to a training. They just they need to make money right now, you know, I mean, I'm like you're, you're not being honest with yourself at that point. And here's the other thing that I'll share, you know, everything that I say if it's like I sound like I'm like a suit thing that I know what people are going through or things like that. It's because I've worked with 1000s of people in this industry. And so I'm looking at like, okay, what are they dealing with? What are they going through, everybody says they don't have time to do that. There's, there's people on the registration list for this five day event. They've registered for everything that I've done in the last year. And they've not shown up, they never buy the VIP. They never comment on my social media, they never ask questions. And I tell people, you can ask me questions on my YouTube, if you want to, you can ask questions on my social media. And so what it is, is that they're always like, one, I'm getting the foundation's ready, I'm getting stuff set up. And I had a call with my mom about this. And I was like, Mom, like, what's going on? She's like, it's that they're lying to themselves, they just they don't want to actually be honest about what it is, is that it's not important enough to them right now to actually do what it takes to be successful.

[895:57] Speaker 1: So can I tweak the copy? To to better frame?

[897:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we have, so we have to think of it this way you're gonna have people that are, it's not going to be a good fit for them. Okay, nothing you do to the copy is going to change that for like, you're not going to suddenly make it to where everybody is. But you're gonna get it to a place where there's enough people that it's profitable for you.

[902:06] Speaker 1: Well, and it might be too that my list is a bit. I mean, I do have a good email open rate of like, 35 to 45% on our website now, but it could be that this offer because they've received it for a while now that I do have organic traffic, I mean, leads coming in, but not to then the number or the scale that I think I need at this moment in time to present this offer as fresh.

[912:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, you're gonna want to try to get like some new people in for your offer. If you're sending it just to your email list that you have pay attention to who's clicking, who's registering, how many people are signing up for your offer, like for a free offer? So we offer Do you have

[917:13] Speaker 1: a free offer, I have a lead magnet and then I had run some live mastered identity live masterclass. But it's been several months because I felt like I needed to, to pause, re regroup and tweak some things. And then of course, some live things were happening prior to re launching, which I am planning on re launching in August. So that's how I'm like, Hurry up and open the doors to accelerator I got stuff to learn before every launch.

[926:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, when we do open the doors, I'll let you know, you'll be the first to know we do that. Thank you. Um, I'm there. All ultimately, you're dialing in your copy to where more people show up to listen to you to where more people upgrade, but you're still going to have people that are going to say, Oh, that's not a good fit. For me. I wouldn't worry about the people that say it's not a good fit for me. I legitimately just I don't try to convince those people that they should do anything. Yeah, just like I don't focus on that. I did for the longest time I thought if I focus on these people, I'll be able to raise them up to a certain level and help them finally, none of them have done anything for the last four years. Now I have people that I've done call after call after call for free coaching them, and I still see them in the same place that they are right now.

[939:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, free. And

[940:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: so they're there. What I've just found is most people got stuff going on, that's more important. And they might even say, oh, yeah, I want to do that. Until they put their money where their mouth is and actually show up there. They don't. They're not being honest with themselves or you. And so I say go find another person. Yeah, go find somebody else. Instead of worrying about trying to convince somebody that says it's not the right time for them. That's the biggest shift we got to get out of is like, and I think also, I dealt with this. My background for this came from the the church I grew up in we were taught that, you know, if we didn't save everybody from hell that we were, we were bad Christians. And so this idea of trying to go out there and pull people up that aren't looking for something. That's not it's not even I don't think it's really I don't consider it very even healthy behavior anymore. In the fact that it's like, you're gonna expend 1,000% More energy convincing somebody that they should do something than somebody that says I'm ready. You're absolutely when somebody says I'm ready Go for it. I'm ready to take action. I'm ready to do this. And the person who says I'm ready. Now we have, because we we have people all the time they join the accelerator. And we have people that they, they they take action and they succeed. We have people who join the accelerator, and I had a guy, he's like, I've been in it for a year, I haven't taken any content. Can I get my whole year refunded to me? I'm like, No, you can't. And I'm just like, Okay. And he's like, Okay, fine. I'm like, I guess he was just shooting the shot, seeing if I would, but I'm like, no, like, you know, you. That's your response, you've gotten the emails every single week, you've known when we've been meeting, you chose to not show up for 12 months. And so that's no longer my responsibility or concern, to try to convince somebody that they should be doing differently. And I'm not sitting there co dependently, making sure that so and so is showing up to the call or making sure that they're doing that. I'm gonna focus on the ones that they keep showing up. They keep getting results. Like I love my client, Dorothy, she was like, I ran this offer, only two people showed up. But she was excited about the fact that she got it done. And she's excited to do the next one, because that is what's going to produce results. Right? Okay, well, I'll let

[980:09] Speaker 1: those people go. Yeah, I'll schedule some fun until accelerator opens.

[981:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Thanks. Yeah, you're gonna, you'll get a lot out of here's the other thing too. When I do these five day events, you'll notice because you were on one with me before, I don't teach the same things. It's different, it's slightly different. Because I'm, I'm refining just a little bit more as to like, who I'm pulling a lot more from what's in the accelerator into these trainings and what I'm doing, because I'm finding, okay, I need to, these are the entry level things that I need to get people to understand. And so I'm excited, you're gonna get a lot out of the next three days as well. All right. All right. Last question here from Kevin Weinberger. How are you, Kevin?

[992:29] Speaker 5: Hey, I'm good. Good to be here. I had a couple of like, brief sort of buffet style questions. So the first thing that I was wondering about as far as your offers, are you ever intentionally making offers on for lack of a better way to explain it almost unfelt needs because what I find in my business is I have sort of a front door and a back door. And a lot of people they come to me for, like, for me specifically, they come to me to grow their Spotify, and then they stick with me, because I'm able to help them grow their business. But that's not the reason why they're coming in to book a call with me, because growing up is

[1001:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't, I don't run an offer on an unfelt need. I've never found success doing that. We tried that a little bit with Rick, it bombed, it was terrible. We, we've tried that with my mom too. They don't convert to sales, it's better to pull them in for what they want. And it's the old statement of people don't care how much you know, until they know how much you care. And so if you care about what they want, then you can identify the unfelt need once they're in there, a big part of like the quote unquote unfelt need. I don't have any offers related to mindset. But I cover quite a bit of mindset content and what I'm actually teaching, because I also mix it with the strategy. I'm not just mindset, it's with a lot of strategy, but it's because if it wasn't for those mindset tweaks, I wouldn't be making money in my business. I I feel like like if there was one human being on planet earth that had all the strategies. For me, I feel like God has made me responsible to do with it what what, like, Okay, I know all the ways to make millions of dollars, if I'm not utilizing them, something has to change, because I have been given a gift of being around multimillionaire coaches that have been successful. And so if I'm not taking advantage of that, like, I don't feel like I'm fulfilling what God's called me to do at that point. And so but what was stopping me was up here, I had all the strategies, but how I was thinking about the world, how I was thinking about my clients, how I was thinking about what was okay and what was not. Okay. Well, how I was thinking about how to communicate my offers, how I was judging other coaches, that was a big one, I had a lot of judgment towards other more successful mentors and coaches, that I had to say, wait a sec, you know what, they're making a lot of money and I'm not today, let's get real. Let's see, what are they doing that I'm not Oh, they're growing their email list. Oh, they're, they're doing live trainings. Oh, they're doing webinars and challenges and intensives Why am I not doing those today? And the excuse was, I didn't think I was good enough. And I didn't think that I had a good enough message. And so what I did was I actually showed up in my first couple of webinars I did honestly they sucked, they weren't that good. They they probably made me look terrible. I have a lot of Negative feedback from them. But I continued to show up. And I continued to refine it. And that continuing to show up and refine it, and experimenting to see how people respond, how they react, how you're able to lead people, all of that, that's sort of the game side of it. And I really see this business is there's like a, like a gamification of it, to where each time you're trying to beat your high score, you're trying to beat your high score, or at least match your high score. So for me, like my high score to beat as if I can get $20 million in one year in a business, that's the goal that I'm aiming towards. That's what we got in my mom's business. You know, we got Rick's to $10 million a year. So I know how to get there. In my own business. Today, I'm I'm looking at you right now. I'm not there today. I'm not making a million dollars a month in my business, we made 150,000 In the last 11 months, there are some people that would believe that I should, that I'm not qualified enough to talk about what I share with you. Because I haven't achieved the level of the people that I talk about what we've done. And to that, I say, Well, I've made peace with the fact of where I'm at, and what I know how to help people with. And I'm going to be honest with people about my journey, and what's got me there, can I can I coach you perfectly on what it's going to take to maybe make $10 million? The only reason why I probably was able to help Rick and my mom do that is because of what they also had inside of them. And they had a massive level of self confidence and self belief that nobody could question. That's something that is like, I, I can't teach that to people to the level that they had. And part of it's because I don't even like I look at my mom's confidence and Rick's confidence. I I'm like below where they are in confidence, even today, right now. But every month, I'm I'm growing, growing, growing, getting getting up there. And so because of that, I'm gonna show up with the best that I can do today to help serve you guys here. And so, again, sounds like I'm talking a lot about myself. I'm an I'm want to flip anything that I'm saying about myself. That's the position and the perspective that I want to encourage all of you. And you don't need to wait until you're at this ultimate level of success to be qualified enough to put an offer out there. You don't need to have a ultimate level of success. In fact, you need to have some kind of a system that's going to produce results for people. But you can grow and you can get better at your communication at your marketing at your sales, messaging ability. That how you communicate to sell to people, which is very different from how you communicate just in general with people. You know, when I'm selling, I communicate very differently from how I coach. And that's by design. And that's what brings in the most amount of cash flow. And so when you can, when you can really come to peace with that. And you can start to create the offer, create the sales letter, create the Facebook ads, start creating presentations, you get some people in front of you, you know, it's a great experiment to have 50 people in front of you to see how many of them become a paid client. It's a really fun experiment to see how if you can even get 50 people to show up in front of you. Maybe only 10 show up, I think my first webinar I did had like 10 people. And I and I'm spending less on advertising now than I was then. And so because of all of this, the process is consistently showing up produces results, far better than just trying to dial in everything perfectly upfront. And what I found is that by having all these like different offers for like unfilled needs and things like that, it's it's generally more of a waste of time, I would focus on the specifics of what is the first thing when people come to you that they say I need help with this, this area. Hmm. And so when I filter down as we have when people join the Facebook group for an event like this, they tell us what are you struggling with? What do you want to learn? And then I also take the questions from these q&a is right here. And I filter those into chat GBT and I mix it up. And I also spend a lot of time where I'm just meditating on on, on either while I'm walking or on the couch, and I'm just thinking about like, okay, these people, these are their problems. How can I create an offer that attracts more people like those that ended up becoming our coaching clients, and that, that's what allows you to dial you're able to dial in the levers that bring your ads cost down and increase your sales conversions.

[1119:52] Speaker 5: All right. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, I've been having a scene recently where a lot of people, they'll come to me for our discovery slash sales call, and I'll find that in the call. While I'm talking with them and learning all about their business, it's like, there's a thing, you know, and they're like, Oh, I actually need business coaching. And I don't have any formalized offer for that. One on one hour coaching, which is like, the death of me. And so that's part of why I'm here to figure this out. And there's one other thing that just like, hit me today, and I was curious, your thought on this. I had been doing discovery calls, that are sales calls and all that, to answer questions, qualify my leads, because I'm turning down people that I don't think are good fit, which you may disagree with, I'd be curious your thoughts on that. And also helping people overcome objections when they're like, I can't afford this. I know, nine times out of 10, they're not talking about they can't financially afford it, they're talking about I can't emotionally afford this, I can't mentally afford this. And I'm helping them like, get out of that. In like, a not like, not like, you know, controlling them like a puppet, you know, whatever you call it. But like, you know, really helping them feel that way actually want to do right? And so how do you do those things without a sales call? Or is a sales call for you different than a discovery call? Like you don't do discovery calls, but you do do a sales call for your accelerator thing? Or do call in your training thing? Because that is so like, far out for me, because everything I've done has been discovery calls to close the loop. And after having, you know, probably calls at this point. And so I've learned a lot through having

[1147:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I did 400 sales calls before I stopped doing them. Okay, why identified of those sales calls, which ones became a paid client. And I eliminated all the ones that didn't. And then I looked at what was the pattern of what they all had in common? Well, they were all they were all mentors, authors, trainers and coaches. So out of the 400 sales calls, I did 300. They were agency owners, ecommerce business owners, or just people that needed to see a therapist and thought they were gonna get free life coaching from me. So as usually one of those three, but they had no desire to actually build a business in the coaching and mentoring. And what it was was there was also a sub niche is the ones who actually paid me to become a client. They also they all wanted to use Facebook ads. So what I found is that my niche is now it's the trainers, mentors, coaches, that want to use Facebook ads to grow a group program. And so that's where I've identified that's kind of my niche right there, could I help people with one on one coaching, could I help them do sales calls could help them today, I could, but that's going to attract a completely different type person to get in front of me. So what I do is I dial in the offer to first off, only speak to the type of person that I know is a good fit for my, my, to work with me.

[1169:46] Speaker 0: And

[1169:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: for me, when I consider a good fit to work with me, it's who I can get results for sure, I make it very, very clear during the presentation of who it's for who it's not. And if somebody doesn't feel like, like Angela's like I want to join the accelerator, like, um, like, if somebody doesn't feel that they're like, Well, that was a good training, like they're not a good fit for me. At that point, I'm not going to try to convince that person or work through that, because I don't need to buy how we've qualified it with the Facebook ads and what the offers at that point. Now what we have out is where people will come back four or five months later, and they become a client. Because they went and did it all on their own. They did it without my help. And they found how much of the the struggle it was in that. And so in that what I'm doing is I'm creating an atmosphere. And I'm going to go over this on days four and five, specifically as to why we don't do the sales calls, why we don't do direct messages why we don't do any of that is because the the presentation itself does all the selling for us. The process that we take people through does all the selling for us. So we don't have to take additional time. Now we have emails that go out afterwards and will usually have an enrollment deadline. And that ends up inviting people in but no, we haven't done a single sales call in a year in actually haven't done one in a year and a half. That's amazing. And we built we built we did. So I know Rick does sales calls now. We built it to a million a month without sales calls and then he added sales calls in but that was because he was doing a different sheet He also stopped. He also stopped working with me when he did that. Okay, so he so he called me said, Hey, Jeremiah moving in a different direction, I don't want to work with you anymore. And and then he started doing sales calls the next month. So I don't know how those have been going for him. But while we were there, we didn't do a single sales call.

[1204:17] Speaker 5: Got it? Yeah, and, um, you know, I get the whole you can qualify your leads through. Like, this is who it's for, this is who it's not for. There's another side of qualification, at least I sense. And if I'm blessing myself or something, like, just tell me if I'm trippin. But like, if people sometimes it's like, I'm qualified on paper, but this is not matching my life right now. Like, I'm really not compatible to receive this information. Because I'm just gonna get congested and not be able to apply. I don't have activation energy to put to action this stuff in and I guess I'm offering an offer where someone's like, I'm qualified on paper. But I but you're going into it, and then you're like, I didn't really get the work done. Like, there's something that's like, there's some barrier to the activation energy to get over that hump to do the work or like, my life is just not in the right place. I had a newborn or I have stuff and I can't just like, figure it the heck out, you know, like, what replaces that qualification? Or do you think that I'm overstepping by qualifying people, where I'm telling people like, Hey, I get that you're a good fit on this on paper. But like, I think we need to wait a couple of months before diving into this, because I've done that sometimes. And I just don't know, if I'm,

[1225:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to do that a lot. I still will do that. Now. I'll do it during my presentation. Generally, like if you're, if you're not resonating with what I'm teaching, and it's like, Okay, I can't do that, you you are, you've disqualified yourself from my coaching. That's what I have identified. Because if you're just like, I'm not going to do that, I'm not going to cross that line, I'm not going to, you know, put an offer out there or do it like, that's part of the qualification of what they're willing to do what they have time to do. So I'm very transparent about what the activities are that they need to do. At the end of the day, though, there's also a flip side of it, to where I am not responsible for other people's decisions and choices. And so if they decide that they do want to join something, I'm not going to now make myself responsible to make sure that they do the work at that, at that point, I'm going to present an opportunity to people and you know, colleges do this all the time. They have people that enroll in a college and how many people never get a job for their degree. Mm, you know, so ultimately, I have made the decision that I'm not going to take it on myself to now become their life counselor about what they should be making decisions on when it comes to what they're going to actually buy into or not. And at that point to I don't want to prejudge somebody, if they really like want to get started working with me like, I'm not going to prejudge them as Yeah, no, you probably shouldn't do this for three months, or No, I did. months back years back, I've stopped doing that. And I found that that was more that was more tied to me being concerned with them being disappointed later on.

[1253:06] Speaker 5: So is this self protection thing? You're saying? Basically,

[1253:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it was it was more of a self protection thing for me at this point. Okay, why now? Like, I'm like, Okay, I told you that guy like he joined, didn't use the content for a year wanted his money back. Could I have maybe figured that out initially and made him not join? Sure. But the structure of how we have things built is by doing a presentation like this, I've never had a call with him, I don't know what he's going through. He registered and joined. And so I'm selling the opportunity. I'm not going to hold an opportunity back from people just because they want to, but I am going to make them at least take the leap themselves. I'm not going to push them in either. So it's kind of like when we learn to let sort of like let go of trying to control the outcome overall, we learn to let go of trying to manage other people's emotions and feelings. We say hey, here's an offer, take it or leave it, it's your choice. And if it's their choice, now the responsibility to get results with it also does fall on them. Now the responsibility for me is to deliver the best training, the best content and the best coaching. And I will continue to do that every single day. But if somebody chooses to not show up that's that's their responsibility and the way and there's this is a gray area. There's a few disagreements on this that I've had with coaches. If you want to make it a part of your business where you do outreach to all your clients to make sure that they're doing their homework and doing like that knock yourself out. It's just a lot of energy and and maybe hire a VA A way to do that, at that point, maybe hire like, like a junior coach that could do that. You know, I've been in some, some like college environments where they'll do that they'll have an advisor, call the students and they'll do that. But like you as the coach should not be taking hours out of your day to call these people and make sure that they're now doing the work at that point. So what I'll do is I'll enroll people, it's a pretty wide open door for for enrollment. It is sort of a, it's funny, because some people that I don't have an application process for people to join the enrollment, because honestly, like, I'm going to accept everybody anyway. So I feel like that pomp and circumstances a little bit manipulative. Sometimes, I've made decisions to not do things that I think are manipulative. But I'll have that I'll say, okay, the doors are open, here they are, you can join during this period of enrollment. And that's also why I provide 30 days that people can really decide if it's a good fit for them or not. What's really cool is less than 1% of the people who try it for 30 days leave. And we have a everybody sticks for the whole year. It's awesome. So I feel like we've done a really great job of that, if you want to know like how to do that. I'm demonstrating it during these five days to you is kind of how we do that. And then you can sort of use that as a model for you. I also tell our clients that you want to know the best way to do presentations, copy what I do for my five day intensives and my webinars and just fill in the gaps for what your offer is. And that's one of the best ways to learn is to watch somebody else, do what they do, and then to model it and use it as a model for you. All right. sound sounds good. I've

[1309:24] Speaker 5: been typing a lot. I'm like, Is the mic picking up on all this stuff? This has been

[1310:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. So yeah, when I mentioned Rick, he has a site. It's called a worship coach.com. And I worked with him from 2018 until October of last year, I was pretty much I was a consultant but it was like my wife and I were like his right hand for every decision that he made during that time in his business. And so what we did was we helped build this company with him. And he and we would we would have meetings like multiple times a week, should we do this? Should we do that? And we built this coaching business to over a million dollars a month in revenue. Until and that's Rick right here until October of 2022. When I mentioned Yeah, he he called me and said that he's going in a different direction with things. And now he's doing business coaching is what he's doing. So I think that's pretty cool. Um, he's awesome. He lives like 10 minutes from me. We talk all the time still. So yeah, that's so that's why I referenced that because I had worked with my mom, we had built that. But even more recent than that was the actually the worship coach. Offer was where we had really refined a lot of this model that I'm teaching as well. So, all right, everybody. I'm gonna hop off here. I will see you guys tomorrow. Day number three. Have a good day. Bye bye.

