VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-08-14T20:54:42.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: DWP7w23MPHdXYA9uphaFwGWXFhI
---

[0:37] Speaker 0: All right. We're in the VIP. Let's go live over here to our our group

[7:31] Speaker 1: Ah, there we go. Alrighty

[11:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome into the VIP room here this week, how are you doing? Day number one is in the books. Listen, I'm excited that we're all here together. I'm here to answer your questions to work with you. And so kind of the format of this is after each session. We'll hop in this room here. And then we'll continue going over and talking through what we had talked about during the day as well, this week, you have access to me. And you don't have to ask questions that are directly related to like what the main session was, but ask questions as it relates to your business creating your offer. Putting that together, this is a chance for you to get access to me this week, to get the help that you need in your business. So the way this works is raise your hand, whether you are on screen, you can raise your hand or you can raise it with the raise hand function on there. If you actually raise it like on screen like this, and you hold it there for about five seconds. It should raise your hand in the side thing right there. It's kind of an automatic thing, which is pretty cool. So all right, Catherine Mae,

[31:02] Speaker 2: how are you? Hey, that was awesome. I didn't know you could do that.

[32:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's just you're thinking that they have a cool,

[33:12] Speaker 2: okay. Well, first off, thank you. I'm so glad I get to meet you. I have have several questions. But as you're going through just now, I really appreciated the mindset stuff. So thank you for that. That's definitely something I need to work on more. But there's a few things I just want to, to kind of tell you where I'm at. So I have been working through. You know, like my offer, I guess for about a year hired a coach paid her a bunch of money. And, you know, worked out my offer and started selling it in a four day challenge. sold a few offers, but I can't seem to get my I really honestly, I'm a mom. So like I need to be available to my children. So I'm trying to get set up more on evergreen, so to speak, to sell itself while I coach. Like I love the coaching part. I've tried to figure out marketing and sales. So I have this hired this company paid a bunch of money to them, too. And they created an opt in page sales page and a funnel, you know, that kind of stuff. And it is, in my opinion, it's horrible. They used a lot of AI, but the AI that they did was kind of like your training on Saturday, where it was like, Oh, this is too religious. This is just not my mind. Yeah. So my Christian mental health and weight loss mindset coach, and I help women to actually drop physical weight by dropping internal weight first, because I'm certified as a mental health coach. So tried to figure out how because they kind of fired me like as their client like this. Two weeks ago, they fired me because I wasn't profitable. They said, because the webinar structure they were having me do wasn't working because they were creating these webinars with AI. And it was missing the heart of women so struggling with this. And so my my big question in just that little nutshell is to look at my my sales page and my opt in page. Could you look at it if I if I were to ask you to look at it and say, Okay, I can just clearly see the messaging is often this or I feel like it's a messaging thing. And then I've also gone back and forth with lowering my prices like you, you're like whoring yourself out. I was like, Oh Lord, I think I've been that person like, like, I have to give it away.

[66:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, share your share your link to your landing page in here. I'll take a look at it because I've not talked with you before. And we've not done testing and things like that. I'll just like be super transparent is that it's difficult for me without data to give the right guidance like right off the bat look at your landing page tell you what's wrong, but I'll do my best to be able to do that. Second, is we're gonna go over over these next five days, and it's probably going to help explain where some of the disconnect might have been with your offer creation. I don't know yet. There's usually two levels where you if you're not getting a lot of people signing up and showing up for an offer. Then that's part of it is just trying to get people to show up. And then the other part It is actually doing the presentation in a way that converts to sales. Um, again, there's a lot of layers to this that I usually assess before I kind of give that but I'm gonna take a look at it here for you.

[83:45] Speaker 2: Thank you. I just put an opt in page first and then the sales page in case you needed that to

[85:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: see. Have you had a lot of people? Is this the Is this the opt in page? Um,

[86:19] Speaker 2: let's see here. Yes. So this is opt in page that I honestly, yeah, there's that the first link I sent, you know, the first link, and that's the sales page. So they have set up this funnel worked for me, and then they fired me. So I'm learning it. I'm like, Oh, great. But I did it on my own to start with, well, this one. Oh, no, that's not good. Here. Let me escape here. So that's really weird sales page. So the first one was the opt in page, it should just send you straight.

[94:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You get a lot of Did you get a lot of people signing up for this?

[95:21] Speaker 2: Yes. So I did some webinars. And the webinars were Hold on. Let me see. Maybe that was the wrong one. Yep. I see here. I'm so sorry. I'm terrible at talking and typing at the same time. My bad here it is my bad. I'm so sorry. Okay, so that's the opt in page biblical body plan.com, which leads them through a sequence of like, you know, things to get to the sales page.

[102:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Did you get like what was your company people actually went through the presentation with

[103:18] Speaker 2: you, I've had to go through the presentations, the webinars that they had me set up for people, probably only like 10 people registered with that that register came through, but there's been over 500 visits to this site, since they set it up in the last couple of months.

[107:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then your your The problem is with this offer here, is if you only Well, 10 people 500 You could bump that up a little bit. How many people signed up?

[111:01] Speaker 2: last webinar, I had 33 Ladies sign up one came live and then sent like two or three went through the

[112:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: replay. Yeah. And so that's, that's very common. Like, even in my coaching group, we'll have some people to be like, Okay, I had 500, show up 30 registered one showed up live, and we're like, okay, so the problem with that is, is that and this is this is I don't mean this to be harsh at all. Say Is it meant to be harsh, just understand that. I want to have empathy for some people, it's just that it's that it wasn't important enough for them to show up to even listen to you. There was there was no value in their mind, to make the time in their day to listen to. Okay, so that's, that's a very brash way to put it. So that's where we got to present it in a way that it that they believe it's valuable for me to make the time in my day to listen to Katherine man. That's the number one thing that we're really selling them on initially before even sell them on your program is to listen to some kind of a training with you even go on that. And so that's the first stage where we would focus in on that would be the landing page itself. Let me take a look at this.

[131:03] Speaker 1: Copy here. How did you promote this? And let's

[132:42] Speaker 2: see, through my email list, I have 1000 people on my email list. So we promoted it through. And now this is just my basic Funnel Plan. Like this isn't even the webinars that these guys were having me do before when I was doing it on my own. I was doing a four day challenge on my Facebook. And I was promoting that in my YouTube channel, I would promote it in my videos, hey, register links in the description. Okay, great. And then I did ads one time, and I had about 1000 leads come in on $1,000 to join this challenge. And out of that 1000 leads on $1,000 One converted and the other people converted that came in were following me on youtube for quite a while. So just getting to know you already felt like they knew me.

[144:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So out of that 1000 Though one converted to a sale, how many actually watched the challenge?

[145:24] Speaker 2: Um, I think about 56 Ladies, like came in throughout everything through that four day challenge, you know,

[147:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, y'all see, so what we would try to do is on 1000, that registered, I would try to bump that up to maybe 100 to 250 attending. And so that again, that is pretty low as far as 1000 people only 50 registering, and then out of only 50 Being that one actually purchased, that shows that the actual presentation, and the sales pitch itself needs improvement. So there's a few layers here going on. Um, we could spend the next hour or two just you and I breaking this down. I want to give some time to some other people that are in here. But during this five days, I think you're gonna get a lot of clarity as to what some of those levers are that you're gonna have want to move, and possibly, I think you'll figure out why the five day challenge that you had done didn't work. And since you've already done it before you already have a methodology. I think you'll get a lot of insight on what to adjust and tweak to make something work better for you.

[162:08] Speaker 2: All right. Okay, great. Yeah. Thank you so much. All right.

[163:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kimberly Smith.

[164:11] Speaker 1: I don't have

[164:54] Speaker 3: me. Oh, there's two Kimberly Smith, or

[166:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kimberly Smith with her hand raised.

[166:37] Speaker 3: Okay. Right, right. Isn't this great? My, my twin is here. All right. I'm a papercrafter. And I'm multi passionate. So my issue is, well, first of all, it's not really an issue. It's more, it's probably a good thing. I've grown my youtube channel already to over 37,000 subscribers, and giving away everything for free for so many years. Yeah, the biggest thing is going to be the guilt that I feel for like starting to charge for what I've given away for free for so many years. That's a but then to, even when I do that, I don't really know where to focus, like, which aspect of the things that I love and the things that I've done. Would I focus on I don't know where to even start to capture the headwinds. And

[179:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: YouTube, because you have so many subscribers on YouTube, you have a nice advantage of you have certain videos that got more views, more people watching through them than others. Right?

[182:08] Speaker 3: Right. So the ones about the ones about selling paper crafts, and making money with paper crafts, always get more views than the ones

[184:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's better. For your business, that's what I would do for your, for the best for what you sell, which is great, because you're selling something about making a business out of it. So people are actually going to be okay with paying for that.

[188:32] Speaker 3: I thought about doing one on crafty business are making and selling crafts. Yeah.

[189:53] Speaker 0: And I've just great. I know,

[190:56] Speaker 3: I just, I guess when you're doing all the mindset stuff, and I'm there with you, I got the whole, Yeah, I'm ready to do this. And I'm ready to start it. And I can even come up with ideas. I can come up with too many ideas, then it gets to when you say $500,000 When I've given away everything for free and and crafters tend to be senior citizens and my audience is very poor, but lovely, creative ladies, and I don't wanna say poor because we're not all totally poor. I'm not I've made my business, but I'm still not making as much as I did. I was a teacher before this. I mean, I'm still like, I know, I'm a crafter, people who sell crafts and homemade items struggle. So for me to like, say, Join me, and I'm gonna teach you how to grow your business. Like I've done and it took me seven years, and they're gonna, and they're gonna make a little bit off of each item. I mean, I had to, like get over this, like, guilt of like charging a lot to people who aren't gonna make a lot from what I teach. They will eventually but not like it took me seven years. So yes, I've been there, I've done this, but like, join me and follow me for seven years, and I can get you where I'm at.

[208:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say you because you validated it for seven years. This is the natural progression of where you're going with your brand with your business, you know, you could do to where again, you still give away some like free content and free information for those people that get started. But we want to start charging for people that want to come in and really spend more time with you. And there's going to be a segment of those people that do have the money that are crafters, not all of them don't have the money, the ones that don't, they can stay plugged in with your free content, the ones that that do, they can upgrade to the next level with you. One thing I tell people when I challenge is take a look at internally like We actually just had this conversation with my with my coaching group this morning, is initially charge what you feel comfortable with, you know, maybe instead of 500, do 97 or 197 and get a few people buying into that level. But the goal is for you, that's a discount as like an introductory to all the people who've gotten you to where you are today. So you're kind of like honoring your legacy. At that point. I've done that myself. We have members of my coaching group, they get there in at a 75% off discount to our program because they've been on my email list for so long. That's how I launched it and we immediately got like 100 people that jumped in at that when we launched it at that it was amazing. And so that's one great thing to do is you can do kind of listen this is this is an entry level we're just going to do it once maybe you do it twice to for the ones that are stragglers at a discount and then you start raising the prices once you start advertising and reaching new people and having to start to put the wheels of of the business in order. Your YouTube though I think is a very valuable resource because 37,000 people on YouTube as a significant number, I would try to move as many of those people to an email list as you can, that way that they're on an email list. And then you can start marketing to them from your email list, and then create a few different options, you could create a $27 option, you could create a 97. And then you could have, you know, a $500, for the whole year membership that they could join, and they could pay monthly on that 50 bucks 40 bucks a month, I think that for, you know,

[248:08] Speaker 3: I'm comfortable with that. Because yeah, I'm comfortable with like, you're a founding member, you will never, you're sure you're gonna be grandfathered in at this price forever. And then later, I could say we're offering so much more we have maybe people on my team that I can charge more, all right.

[253:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that'll help validate your system that will help you get some income coming in, it'll help you really figure out what people want to buy. Now the next thing is I will take a look at just what are your most watched YouTube videos, because you have that many subscribers, find the top like three categories that are on your YouTube, and create some offers where people sign up with their name and email address, you might deliver the same content that's already on your YouTube, that's okay. But what you'll do is you'll use it as a way to kind of direct them to this membership that you have. And that's a great way since you have that data for those of us that maybe you don't have that data. I mean, that's it. I just want to like, I don't have 37,000 people on YouTube great job, you know, you don't

[265:14] Speaker 3: like a heck of a lot of Craps. Yeah. And I get a commission. So I do. I mean, you could really struggle for you. People purchase them. But now I want to teach people how to, but I have like my do I teach them to direct sales? Do I teach them how to build a team? Do I teach them how to sell crafts at craft fairs? Or like do I do at all like call it making, I'm kind of thinking of calling it making and selling crafts, because it's all about, like all of it fits into the category. And all my best videos of advertisements, the ones that have made me so much money have all been about selling crafts. Yeah. Because what we found

[275:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: is YouTube video titles almost directly correlate to like, offer titles for opt in an email list growing offers one of my best ways with Chad GPT that I come up with titles for our our webinars, as I say generate me 20 YouTube video titles, and actually pick from those titles, and those are our webinar titles. Because they're because they're if it's ranking in YouTube, it'll do really well as a webinar, as well.

[283:26] Speaker 3: Okay, thank you. Okay, yeah, it helps me because like, I wouldn't, I won't feel so bad now. Because I can say, founding price, then I can go from there because I am guilty, but I have the whole I'm not I'm excited about studying, but I'm guilty about charging a lot.

[287:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think I think you'll get more comfortable with it. And you'll start to realize that, hey, create offers for the people that don't have the big budget. But then there's always going to be some people, they just they really want to work closer with you. And this is what I tell people, your pricing is actually at that level more to do with your boundaries than anything else. It has more to do with like, Okay, I'm willing to show up with people give them more access, because they paid more. And that's where that structure comes in. Like, I don't answer direct messages from people that are with me on a consulting level or one on one level. Even though we have hundreds of group coaching clients, they all know, they can't send me a message in my DM and I'm gonna respond to give them coaching in that, I will redirect them back and say, Hey, can you go post that in the group? Why? Because in the group setting, it's better if questions are asked in the group, because it helps everybody. And that's part of the structure as well. They're doing a great job. I'm excited to see this, what you do with this, I know a lot of people in your niche too, that have made a lot of money with that niche and an offer. And so I know that if you structure it in the way of really starting to connect with the desires that people have to you know, make some money doing something they absolutely love. Like that's going to be a real heart desire that you're going to feed them that you can really make a good business out of it. Okay, thanks. All right. Yeah. Marta. Is that Marta?

[312:25] Speaker 4: Yes. Hi, everyone. Can

[312:49] Speaker 1: you hear me? Yes.

[313:45] Speaker 4: That's great. Before I asked my question, actually, I just want to add something for Kimberly, because she's talking about seven years that she's doing in that business and what the, whatever she learned, but Kimberly, don't forget that it took you seven years and you can help others to talk to shorten the process of learning about their own business. So you haven't or, you know, the structure, you know what this important there, and you can point out, you can pin pin out whatever they need to know about building the business. And that's your that's your skill. You can I agree and charge more. And this is it's about the coming out from your safety zone. Good, do small steps and just be confident and then just expand yourself that will help you out. I

[328:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: said, so. Yes, yeah. You have a question here?

[329:30] Speaker 4: Yes. So basically, I am in spirituality and self development and energy work for like 22 years. And I used to work like for, with, with clients like one on one, to the point that I feel really tired, because I am trying to learn all process, like how to run the EI adverts, and everything is overwhelming. And I'm still, because I'm occupied with sessions and classes, because I teach that are healing as well. I really don't know, like, I like I'm all over the places. So I don't know how to structure promoting and this marketing plays like stuff, what would I need to do to start, which would be a good foundation for me to go to be more visible on the internet, because I'm like, more like, coming, word of mouth.

[344:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, for you to get visible to people online as we have to create something that they want. And, and so that's usually some kind of a piece of content that you ask for a name and email address for some kind of a training. And what really, the only reason why people will connect with you is they believe that you are going to create a result in their life by connecting with you. So the result that you're able to help them create is the main reason that they're going to connect with you. Now there's a few ways to do this. My favorite way is with paid advertising, because I find that it's actually the most predictable and lowest risk some of your like lowest risk on paid advertising, if you know how to do it, right. It is one of the lowest risks as far as the amount of effort that you do, because it's more predictable each time you do a campaign. And you're able to focus in on what is that goal and result that I can take people to get the results on the back end much better than okay, if I put a an organic piece of content out there is the algorithm going to grab it is it going to pick it up. And then what we have we tell people to do, as you want to get people on your email list as quickly as possible, you want to remove them from the plant, not remove them from the platform, but move them from social media from a blog from something else, whether you find them on a podcast or things like that, because some people they'll do podcasts and then as a guest, they'll mention different free gifts or offers that they have. Get people on your email list. Once you get them on your email list, then you're able to connect with them on a much deeper level by providing more value to those people that are on your email list. And that's where you then sell them on your coaching is once they're on your email list, you can tell those people about what you charge money for. Okay, yeah. Okay. All right. And with I'll say this to you know, if your business as it is it making six figures right now with one on one coaching. I tell people this, I heard this the other day, and it really resonated with me it I'm cautious with certain statements, because it's like I understand there's outliers. Everybody has different circumstances, things like that. But most of the time, if we were just making more money in our business, 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month, some of the overwhelm would start to disappear. Because then it would be like, Okay, wait a sec, this is just the process to make this much money. And so ourselves to actually bringing in the finances. There's obviously finances, doesn't solve everything. But it also really does solve everything at the same time. When it comes to it validates the direction we're going. It allows us to buy our time back. It allows us to test things more it allows us to reach new people that we've not met. So financial increase. That's why I focus so much on that with people is how can I help people get their finances up in their mentorship business? Because the rest of the puzzle pieces start to come together for them once they get to that level? I find a lot of people are confused as to what should I teach? How can I serve people better when they're struggling to make finances whereas if they were just making a little bit more finances, they're like okay, now I'm creative and I'm excited to show up each day and serve people. And that's where I want to get every each and every one of you that's here this week with us to

[401:55] Speaker 4: it for me, it wasn't more about the message like, what I want what I have for serving, it was more like, how can I get to be more visible on the internet so people can hear me because I am confident about my results is that the structure? And I don't know which tools to use. Maybe I should hire someone to to deal with these things, because it's too much for one person. Team. So yeah,

[409:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's, there's there is a site that I like, as far as hiring people that I use. When you're just starting out, you can hire people overseas that are in the Philippines, and they work for about six to $10 an hour, I work with a few people over there as well. And they're really good at putting together the technical aspects, your website, your landing pages, all of that. And so you get to focus on what you do best. And have somebody else take over the technical side of things as well. Thank you so much. Thanks. Yeah, definitely. All right, Pamela, how

[417:24] Speaker 1: are you? I'm doing well, how are you? Good. So I'm trying to create my Facebook ads. And I want to use the people that are coming to my website and my Instagram. And I don't, I don't see how I can do conversions just leads is that what I want to do just get leads,

[424:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do a conversion goal that is a lead. So let me just let me just pull up the screen here. And I'll show you real quick. Here's my ads account, right here. Okay, so if you go in and you create a campaign leads, and then this is it says conversions are there. So you click leads. And then that will allow you to create a campaign. As long as the pixel is firing, right, it'll allow you to select under the ad set level, you'll have right here we go to website, I use website, and then we go, we select our pixel. This is what the right data set, and then we select lead as the event. Okay, and so then that allows us to run it as a conversion goal for leads right there. We have a new course as well in our client growth accelerator called Facebook ads basics, where I'm walking through a lot of this with people, if you want to create an audience of people based off of your website and your Instagram, you can go under audiences here and click on custom audience, click on a website. And that's where you can select them from your website, you can upload a list of customers, if you have a list of customers, that's a great thing to do people that have already worked with you before. In fact, that's how we built a couple of our clients, they already had a customer list. And I was like, if you just want to find more people like them, that's a perfect audience. You can also go on their Facebook page right here or Instagram account right here. And you can select and set that up from the engagement that you get from those platforms.

[451:36] Speaker 1: I wasn't too sure about what to give them the list and of the people who signed up before. Because I ran an ad before. And the reason is, I didn't get very many of those people I had like 49 people sign up but only

[456:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: purchase? Probably not. Probably not at that level.

[457:46] Speaker 1: And how do I use my landing page instead of the Facebook form. So people actually go to my landing page to sign up.

[459:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what you do is you go over to like you actually need a URL on your on your website. So like this is our URL right here. Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash create. And then you'll go into Eclipse, sorry, I'm not sharing my screen. Let me share my screen again. So this is a landing page right here for this event, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash create. You'll set your ad up and you'll put that as the URL that you're directing people to in the ad itself. So when you're creating the ad, an ad has three parts, it has text, and it has a URL, and then it has either a video or a graphic. By the way, video ads are converting way better than just graphics by themselves as far as the quality of people you get. You might spend more on video ads, sometimes twice as much on a video ad than a graphic ad. But the quality of people is sometimes two to three times that. So ultimately, it's actually cheaper to run a video and you'll put this right here. I'll turn off multi advertiser. Under destination This is where you put the URL right there. Okay. Thank you. Yep, All right, Robert, what's up, Robert?

[482:58] Speaker 5: There we go. Can you hear me now? Yes. Okay, good. How are you? I'm all right, I guess I'm trying to figure out, I'm basically just getting started, at least again, in trying to get the my business going, I failed in the past miserably.

[488:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: All of us have. I say, if you I say, if you're not succeeding, it's just because you haven't failed enough.

[490:49] Speaker 5: So one of my issues, other than not having money to, like, you know, really invest in is that I swear, that's my son, is that one of the things that I do is like, one on one tutoring, mostly for art and drawing, and such. And I'm trying to figure out how exactly do I transform that, you know, a very personal thing into you know, how do I do that in a group setting up I mean, about maybe doing in a room with a bunch of people that I can kind of walk around and talk to, but online, it kind of seems like it's going to be very difficult to, to interact with someone, if they were to try to follow along with me. Does that make sense?

[503:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I have a client that does a group art program. And he's been really successful with it, he's followed me and my mom's training for years. Um, what, what I recommend that he do is take some of his one on one clients, and do a do a test run, where you get them all together in a group, the ones you already know, and kind of see how it goes and how that interaction is, I think one that'll be a great way to kind of get your feet wet with some of the people provide some value to them. Plus, that can become sort of a case study for you, on helping people in a group setting at the next stage, though, is that, when we go to from a one on one to a group setting, there's two things we got to keep in mind, the quality of the interaction will diminish, we have to become okay with that, that's one of the biggest things is like, there's a difference between me talking one on one with the client, and talking to them in a group setting. So the quality of our interaction, how deep we can go, each time we interact is going to be less, but the trade off of that as you can usually charge a little bit less for group interaction or you rate then you also raise the price of your one on one coaching, as well. To where one on one becomes a little bit more expensive. And your group kind of fills in the gap in there.

[524:42] Speaker 5: Does that make sense to work on tourism and pricing? Because I mean, yeah. Very a very, you know, small price at this point. Yeah.

[526:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: My, my, my friend that I that I know, I call him a friend. I've known him for so long. He's he's a he's a client, we haven't like, you know, we don't go out to dinner or anything. But he's, he's a really, really great guy. And he charges to $300 per semester for group art classes. So it's a three class for 300 bucks. Well, so it's a three night class for 300 bucks and then he'll charge for individual sessions he'll charge $1,000 for an hour with them. Wow. And he'll and he will have less people at that level that are at the at that level a lot of people want to jump into his group stuff because it's about 100 bucks a month. And then he has I think he has a few 100 students at that level at 100 bucks a month. And now that's that's a sustainable multi six figure business for them.

[541:34] Speaker 5: I have a course right now on Thinkific that's $197 for a six week course yeah. Which is not selling very well unfortunately.

[544:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah well that's that's the thing so to make stuff sell better that's where our offer creation comes in. That's what we'll be diving deeper into starting tomorrow and going into for the rest of the week is creating that offer that sells the program to people really that's one of the things I really need to work on. Yeah, cuz we got it we got to communicate that with people. I was telling my, my main group this this morning as well, I said, we have to compartmentalize the actual coaching itself from the sales and marketing side of things. They'll they support each other. But you kind of have to like not let the to sort of get caught in your brain or you'll sort of confuse yourself way too much because when I'm coaching people I really dive into I'm like I very much care about like, are they understanding this? How is this coming across connecting with them? When I'm marketing my business, I have less concern about that. Because I know that not everybody is going to resonate with me. So I'm not going to, like really concern myself a lot with how I'm coming across to people, quote, unquote, in my marketing side of things, I want to find the people that really do resonate with me. And then that's who's on calls like this, you know, 2829 people are here on this VIP. Seems like you guys resonate with my message and my training style and all of that. And so that's the people that I want to work with the most is those that I really resonate with, and those that I love connecting with. And that's how I focus my messaging towards.

[570:43] Speaker 5: All right. I'm looking forward to working with you. And yeah, five days I really,

[572:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's gonna be great. And as questions come up, I'll just encourage, you know, go post in the Facebook group, I'm gonna read through, read through those questions as we do the sessions, go posts, or go share asking here tomorrow, when we meet tomorrow, ask questions, stay engaged, you know, lean forward, there's no silly question. Don't be afraid to ask a question. I want to help you specifically with getting maybe unstuck isn't the right word, but helping everybody who's in here start to move things forward at a faster level, not necessarily faster from the sense that you're working harder, but rather just an acceleration as to the results coming together. I you know, that's one thing too, when people work with me, I, I have stress, I want you to prioritize taking care of yourself, self care. And burnout is not part of our system. It's not like if you reach a level of burnout, that's when we need to pull back. That's all we need to go rest. That's when we need to unplug. At that stage I've seen people just grind and grind and grind themselves to death. And that's not sustainable as a business model. What's sustainable is what becomes fun, what becomes exciting, what becomes, like, I'm excited to wake up in the morning and meet with our group of people that we that we work with, versus like, Oh, I gotta meet with this group again. Oh, I don't have time I gotta stay up late and, and do all this. No, it actually becomes enjoyable as part of that process. And that's what, that's what we're gonna be showing you here during these five days.

[599:39] Speaker 2: Katherine, what's up? Yeah, I think because burnout is definitely real, for sure. Because I feel like I've worked so much. I work more than a full time job for zero income most months. And it's just so annoying and frustrating. And I know what I have to offer is really important for those people. But this was my question about the pricing, you're talking about pricing and all this stuff. You know, like, I've kind of felt like you earlier you said, Well, you know, you just don't have anything, the offer isn't valuable enough to have people come in. And I thought, hmm, like light bulb moment, because My offer is 9097 for a group coaching program and a signature course, that will walk them through their transformation, you know, and then they get access to me. That's a great price point. I would think so too. But I cannot seem to get people to like agree with that. Because they're like, money. So that's

[613:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: where that's where what I call it is growing in our sales skill. And when I talk about sales, I mean it from a very, very ethical place. Um, I know a lot of people, like have different opinions about sales, and stuff like that. I want to sell to people that I know it's a good fit for I've had people ask me like, Hey, do you think coaching with you is a good fit? And I will tell them? No, I don't, because I don't think you're ready yet. Like, I want to make sure that I'm working with people that it's that it's worth working with. When we do in the online marketing space. The way that we connect with people, how we communicate the words that we say the tone, and the structure and all of that, that can be improved and optimized. Each time that we do it to increase the amount of sales that we get. I take a look at one of the best salespeople that I know on video is my own mom, Sandy Krakowski. She can do a one hour training and clothes, hundreds of 1000s of dollars in sales from people. And they're literally thanking her for the opportunity just to join the training just to join the program. And it's like, so that's a skill set. I I want to get to that level. My mom has been doing it for three decades, three and a half almost now. She's been in this like, she started with brick and mortar sales and she did network marketing and she's progressed into that. And so I even find myself my ability to sell and to do that and to communicate with people and how do we close sales and get more sales? It improves each time I connect with people. It's an area that we can all grow in that we can all gain more skill at. And I don't think that you ever stopped growing in that area. I think that's one of the keys is I'll look at some of the top salespeople that are out there. There's a bunch of household names of like internet marketers, Alex or Mozi, Grant Cardone, Pete Vargas. Rich Schefren Russell Brunson. Those are guys that I'm trying to think of some, some some ladies, I'm sure you I listen to a lot of the guys. There's a lot of Amy Porterfield, Jenna Kutcher, Jennifer allwood. My own mom falls into that that category right there. They developed that, that skill set of being able to provide value to people and close sales and how they communicate their value of their programs improved over time as they did it.

[654:11] Speaker 2: So you wouldn't recommend going down from that just because people aren't coming in at that you wouldn't recommend men saying like, Oh, just, you know, lower your prices? And and

[656:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you you could offer a payment plan? I do. Okay, that's great, then you're definitely not too expensive at all for people. For the right people. Um, you could Are you providing, as their at least like a few trainings and some kind of like live coaching and accountability as part of it? Yeah, so they get live group coaching once a week? Yeah, then you're not you're not charging too much at all. That's great. And so from that, it's all about how do we, first off, we want to attract the right people. That's the first step. Because I can get a ton of people on my email list. And they might not be the right people. I was dealing with that initially with a lot of our my initial offers that I was doing for this business about a year and a half ago. That's why I said it took me about nine months of really testing the messaging, before things started to click. And then that's when I launched my group coaching program was a year ago, once it started to click at that level. And so with that, it's it's how we position and frame our offer in a way that actually connects at as you, as you said, the heart level of people, our offer has to connect at the heart level or it's not it's going to fall flat. So I teach a lot with using AI and chat GBT. But that's only really to brainstorm. At the end of the day, the heart connection is what creates sales. And that's a skill set that no AI can really train you in. No AI can help you with. Um, I have found that I've used the AI if I get like, stuck explaining an analogy, maybe in my training, and I find that people are getting like, confused by something, I'll ask AI Hey, help me explain this better. That's one way that you could use the AI to improve your sales pitch is like that. But at the end of the day, creating an offer that connects on the heart level of people you want to connect with people on the heart level, at the moment, they give you their email address. That's the biggest part is the heart connection is made at the email address level. And then when they join you for the training that will continue and those that are still they still have that connection with you, once you make that sales pitch. They'll love joining you as a client at that point. And it's all just kind of putting those puzzle pieces together.

[694:01] Speaker 2: Okay, so I launched my group coaching program in October of last year and I charged 1497 And I didn't raise the price till February and I sold one at 1997 So I knew they would sell I've made $14,000 in my coaching like practice since October of last year with the group coaching in the course. And so that's why I've been thinking like goodness, is it the economy is it like what's the issue you know, with what's going on? Is this marketing company I hired Jack me up you know, when I was a lot

[701:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: more competition show yeah, there's a lot more competition in the mentoring and coaching space than there was even a year and a half ago. Okay, so that as one thing is, is it's become like like I remember two years ago we were able to send Facebook ads straight to a coaching program and close clients without any sort of a sales pitch or presentation now and I have a client I was working with on this he's like I just want to test it out. He got one sale off of like two grand and Facebook ads because sending it straight to his offer. Everybody's now seeing everybody's got a coaching offer. So now people are looking for more specialized offers to where it's more like specific to their problem, their issue and that's where okay, we start with get people on your email list for some kind of a freebie or something that's less than 30 bucks is about the max price point that we look for 30 bucks and under. And then with those people. You build trust you demonstrate your value and that's really who you sell to for your main program is those people Yep, thank you. Yeah. And we'll go over a lot of that here. next four days, I'm excited for tomorrow's session, just off of the questions that have come in here today. I can already tell what we're going to be talking about tomorrow is, is going to be powerful. I'm, I'm taking notes as to how I'm gonna, I'm gonna change and adjust what I talked about just a little bit based off of some of the questions that have come in here, but it's going to help a lot of you a lot. So Pamela

[729:58] Speaker 1: wanted to know, if you take a look at my landing page and tell me if I have touched the pain points enough to make somebody want to let want to click on it.

[734:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's definitely a powerful promise for sure.

[737:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so then the, so here's where there's a little bit of a disconnect, what they're gonna go through with you is different than what the initial hook was talking about up top here. So we want to like figure out, are we going to address lowering their cost more, or are we going to focus more on what's down here, as far as what they're gonna regain control of, there's some crossover here, I think you could test this out. The other thing, though, is that you want to have a picture of yourself on here, you want to personalize it more towards actually connecting with you, as the mentor. And not because people connect online to other actual individuals that they want to connect with. Um, it starts to get confusing and breakdown right here, because it sort of changes topics from here to here. And so I think that that's where figuring out which direction and angle that we want to take with this is going to be important, and focusing on like one lane versus trying to go into two separate directions at once. Thank you. Yeah, you could, you might be able to turn it into two different offers, one is focused on cost reduction. And the other is focus more on the practical of what you're going to offer, and kind of see which one does does better for you. I think your headline of lowering their costs, and all that is actually pretty good headline that people would be interested in. But now they're immediately they're like, want to know, okay, how does that work? What are you going to show me? And so some of what you're going to actually teach here, you'll break down on the presentation, you may not want to put necessarily out there on the landing page up front. All right, Edna. What's up, Edna?

[765:59] Speaker 6: Hey, Jeremiah, so quick question. Regarding the, I guess the pitch part when you're making the offer, when when would be a good price point to include an application process? So good. If it's 2000? Like, for example, I'm thinking 2500 $3,000 for a group coaching, is that too small of a number to have an application process? I can get to know that? I

[772:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: think so personally, okay, I think I think 50 506,000 is the breaking point that I would do six to 7000. Okay, and some of y'all are like six to 7000 for group coaching, how could you do that? But exactly, it's like, there's different levels to it. Once you fill up, if you have a group coaching program, that's maybe $1,000 A year or 2000, and you got 500 to 1000 people in there, you're gonna want to now go to a higher level with like 50 to 100 of those people to laser in on their unique areas that you can help them with as far as that goes. So yeah, application process will be more on that. Where I call high ticket as anything above basically $5,500 is what's considered like real high ticket, some people would call 1000 to 2000, high ticket, that's more medium ticket. Officially, if if $1,000 is really high to you, that's okay. treat that as your high ticket. You know, when we were when we were promoting with a worship coach with Rick Pitino, we had only sold stuff that was like 100 bucks before. And so $1,000 was like this big high ticket thing. But that catalyzed millions of dollars in profit by doing 1000. And then 2000. And then he started selling a five and $10,000 group program above that to people. So it's not a qualified people where we had like a $97 class. It was an eight week class for 97 bucks, provided a ton of value to people. But the goal of that class was to get them to become a client at the $2,000 level. And then those that were at the $2,000 level and the class, some of them went up to the $10,000 level. And that's where your profit margins start to come in is by doing that If you're serving people at different levels financially, and I think as well, you can really structure it to where I'm a firm believer of give your best value away to people at each level. Like I give a lot of value. At each level, depending on the different questions that are asked, I give different value, though at like the free level or the $27 level just because of where people are at that are coming in at that place. And that's where your offer this is, this is where it gets really fun. As you start to adjust your messaging and how you frame your offer, you basically are steering, which group of people are actually joining you for those offers. So you can essentially control how much content you're going to give away to that group of people by steering and directing who's actually who the who the lower cost offers geared towards at that point. That's why like, for me, for this five day intensive, we're specifically focused on putting our offer together. Last week, we did one that was all about AI, the week before we did one, it was just about Facebook ads. So I'm very much kind of like boxing myself in for some of these free offers. But I'm using them to get people on my email list at that point. And then as you know, in the client growth accelerator, we got multiple, sort of like, the tree branches go a lot deeper and wider in the accelerator, depending on where people are at that come into the group program with us.

[823:29] Speaker 6: Okay, so So my follow up question to that is, so I'm trying to like, I'm trying to pick my price plan for the group coaching program, typically, my one on ones are at the lowest end is 24,000 a year up to $48,000. So for me to make it 2500 to $3,000. For a group coaching for let's say 12 weeks,

[830:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll sell it better at 2500 than three. Really? Okay. Yes. There's a breakdown with people at 3000 between 2500 Where there's like a big drop off at that price point. Okay, so I would go from 2500 all the way up to 5500 to 7500. At that point. Oh, okay. Wow. Okay, yep, I would just gap up from 2500. Up to the higher ticket level and make 2500 is what I've seen as the most effective highest price point that you can do at that point. We tested 3000 a few times out and like, couldn't get anybody to buy it. It was very interesting. Yeah. So it's like, okay, well, is that

[841:28] Speaker 6: for like a 12? Week or like a year? It could be

[842:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: either it could be a 12. Week or a year? Yeah. Okay, you could sell a 12. Week for 2500. As well, I've, I've seen both. It's really just how you package it, how you communicate it. Um, I plan on I mean, in the next year or so I'll have smaller sessions that might be like, eight weeks with me that are going to be 2500 bucks, versus a whole year and then the lowest price our year is is 10. Grand.

[849:11] Speaker 6: Got it? So yeah, sounds good. Thank you. Appreciate it.

[850:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. I'm gonna take a last question here from Robert. And then we will go to our, our, we're gonna break for today. And then we're gonna, we're gonna meet with you tomorrow. And we're going to do our day two session, day two is going to be a lot about like, how do you actually communicate that offer? How do you refine and fine tune that language in your offer to attract those people? And then we'll have our q&a at the same time, same place here tomorrow. What's up, Robert?

[858:41] Speaker 5: Do you think you could Is there a way that maybe I could use this similar kind of model for like, what I do, then was that like, offer something free and then do like, seven and then up and up and up and up from there? What we

[861:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: what we show you applies to any niche, or industry. And here's what I tell people copy what I'm doing. But fill in your topic. And you can sell it you can follow the same type of structure where some of the breakdown is some people are like, Okay, well, my audience responds to this versus that. There might be some breakdown there. You could change your offer. Some people like to do an ebook. They like to do a one day webinar, or maybe they'll do a five day challenge, things like that. That changes a little bit. What will what we see is is that there's a breakdown. Let me let me see if I can pull up the main screen here and you can see it. So you have like your free content level right here. This can be as little or as much as you want. I want to encourage you guys by the way, if you're grinding a lot with free content, I would find the one that has the least amount of engagement stop doing it and focus your energy towards some kind of a paid offer at that point. So for instance, like you could be grinding a lot with free content but not getting a lot have output from that your free content builds trust with people. But the goal is to get people to sign up with you, on some kind of a, this is free, no optin like, so they don't have to give you their name and email address and then right here is free. But they have to actually sign up on your email list to get access to this next level. Right. So then there's this level, and then there's the VIP that seven to $27. That's where you can provide some bonus trainings, q&a connection with that with people just like we're doing here right now. From this level up, I recommend people go for 197 to $2,500. Right. And that's what they're selling as far as kind of the main. So there's a big jump between those. But when people cross that barrier, it qualifies people that they're serious about working with you. And you can really be sure that there's a good quality of people at that level. Above that, that's where we go 5500 and beyond, kind of like and you can even go 50,000 100 I know a coach that charges a quarter of a million dollars to join him on his private jet for eight hours, his pilot will fly around for a session for about six to eight hours, and it's a quarter of a million dollars, you meet him at the airport in your town, and then you guys will fly around and mastermind and it's a quarter of a million dollars. I wish but like what I encourage people to do is start with these levels first, right? If you're gonna start to get more comfortable at these levels, and you can build, you can build a million dollar business without even charging more than 2500 bucks.

[908:52] Speaker 5: Can you figure out what I would offer for free and then what the step would be? Because it just goes yeah,

[910:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll help you break that down here during the next couple of days. That's the biggest that's kind of the biggest promise here as well is taking a look at what people are, are asking you paying attention to the feedback that you're getting from people. And then connecting with people and creating offers based off of what people are actually saying that they want to learn is a big part of it. There's a process. That's why this five days is called create and launch your profitable group mentorship offer. So we want to work with you by the end of these five days to have that offer together.

[920:43] Speaker 5: All right. We're looking forward to

[921:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right, thank you.

[921:55] Speaker 5: Thank you here.

[922:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna log off. Thanks for being here. Everybody. This has been one of the best day ones that I've had so far. The questions are incredible. The questions are amazing here and I'm thankful for each and every one of you. And I'll see you tomorrow. We'll talk soon. Thank you

