VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-08-15T21:19:46.000Z
Duration: 77 min
Otter ID: cKrmcGl5MVNO6gH-EUx3HMR5Gbw
---

[0:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. We're gonna go live in our accelerator Facebook group here to do let me just copy the invite link

[6:30] Speaker 1: let some people in all right, day two,

[8:47] Speaker 2: VIP experience.

[9:42] Speaker 1: Here we go. All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody.

[12:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks for joining us here over in the VIP here. Welcome. Welcome in we're letting some people in right now they're coming in. They're joining us All right, listen, today was great today was incredible. I'm excited to take your questions here. I'm excited to go over any areas that you have in your business that that you're looking for guidance and help and, and wanting to work with me during this time together to to go over your offer your business, the sales copy, we're going to be going a lot deeper. Tomorrow into the sales copy, I had to set the framework and the foundation for what an offer even really is today. And so that was kind of our main focus. As far as that goes, today. We're gonna go into the actual like, okay, let's actually craft something that's going to work. Because what I showed you today, if you do like what I showed today, that's not going to work for you. Okay. I would not take the output that we did, I would not feel good about you taking just what I gave you today. And now running an offer with it. In my experience, it wouldn't connect very well with people. And so that's what we're going to be going over, especially tomorrow is how do you add that that hard aspect into it? How do you actually add in the elements that make it effective versus just being informational, versus just being surface level. And that's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make is they stay surface level with their offers, they don't actually make that connection with people. They appear like they're doing all the right things they look to the untrained eye, even as an expert, it may look like you've done everything perfect. And so it's not to beat up on you as far as that goes. But it's just to say that there's a way that's effective. And there's a way that's not effective. And I see the big differences between that. Okay, by the way, a couple people have asked, there is no VIP Facebook group, the Facebook group, the accelerator group is for our group coaching members that are in there. And so if you're requesting to join that group that's not part of this program, here at all. You get access to these q&a calls, where you can ask questions, and we'll dive deeper into the content. Raise your hand if you have a question. If you hold your hand up on the screen for five to six seconds, it'll actually raise your hand as well in the in this in the feed right here. And so I'm going to go based off of who raises their hand, take some questions here and help you and coach you through what we what we worked on today. Otherwise, raise your hand on camera if you want to ask a question. Let's see. Says Catherine May, Catherine May.

[60:51] Speaker 3: Hey there, yeah, that ham thing? I see them trying but it's not working. Like it's

[61:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: not working for everybody. Maybe everybody. Maybe it might be a setting you got to turn on your computer. So sorry about that. All right, Catherine, what's up?

[64:41] Speaker 3: Um, okay, sorry. I was thinking through some things that you said to me yesterday in conjunction with what you were teaching today. And I wonder when you're talking about your offer, are you talking about the course that that I and my coaching program are you talking about my offer as like the webinar or the four day challenge? Whatever that is?

[70:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Both of them. Okay, because you use one of them to send people to the other and they're they're interconnected with each other. Okay process Yeah.

[72:45] Speaker 3: So yesterday um, I think I sent you a link to like my my opt in page to find out about my offer, and I'm revamping some things but I was just curious because I didn't really show you anything that I've put out there to do like a four day challenge opt in page or anything like that. But my I guess my disconnect is I feel like my messaging struggling, that's why you said, well, people aren't coming to your to your events. And even my YouTube, this is something I struggle with on YouTube a little bit too. Like I've been faithfully putting out videos like I was checking out your YouTube channel. And I'm like, you know, only 6000 subscribers, and I've been doing this faithfully, you know, consistently putting out good content. Yeah, my messaging is confusing to people. And then I'm bringing in, like you said, before, have your offer in your freebie and your VIP, all those things need to be about the same thing. So I feel like I'm confusing. And that's why I was wanting you to look at that often page. Because I'm certified as a mental health coach, through like, I went through certification. It's a counselors, a Christian counselor, they call them mental health coaches. But I really want to help women with their weight loss mindsets. So I felt like I don't know how to marry them well together and really make people see what it is I'm actually doing offerings. What do I offer, that

[96:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: in your offer itself, you're not going to touch on a lot of what you're actually doing is the biggest part of it. Because otherwise, that's getting into the weeds of what the offer is about and the process, and people buy based off of their their belief that you're going to deliver the result to them. And so the logical aspect of what you're actually doing, we a lot of times to be effective with our offer creation, we have to detach what logically seems correct from the actual process, and really lean into the emotional side of connecting with people. Okay,

[105:51] Speaker 3: so in creating content that makes sense, for people, I guess, like, using chat JpT, how could I go about taking what I already have, and kind of I feel like I just need to untangle it is a good word, like untangle it and make it way more simple and simplified, and, you know, create content that makes sense, where it's not just, I'm teaching you how to lose weight, I'm teaching how to think for weight loss, you know, that lasts, and I figure out how to pin that down. First of all,

[114:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got to figure out what's their motivator to lose weight, there's a lot of different reasons why people would want to lose weight. And so that's one of the first ones what's the motivator to lose weight, the weight loss goal is the big part of it. The process though, for people of how you do that, that's your that's your methodology, I very rarely, I'm not going to touch on having you change your methodology at all. It's how we present what you do to people in a way that gets them to sign up with you show up to listen to you, and then purchase from you. And oftentimes, the way that we do that is not going to be related to our actual process of how we deliver results to people. So those are actually very much disconnected from each other is describing the process to people, where we're most mentors and coaches, because we're so focused on our methodology, our prospects that don't know us, they very rarely could not concern themselves very much about our methodology, they they care about one thing, is this going to work for me? Is this gonna deliver results to me, and so the fastest thing that we got to do is we got to build that, that trust of this is going to work for you. And this is and that by you making an investment to work with me, you're gonna see the results that you want. And so that's where the whole, the whole process of your messaging is building that type of a framework together, there's some prompts in our chat GPT prompt document that help us kind of put together the type of language that we use for offers like that, we have a client that's in our program right now, I have two women that have weight loss offers one of them, she focuses her offer around energy, because the reason her women want to lose weight is they want more energy, to make more money in their job and career and to not feel exhausted when they're at home with their kids, as very little do with to do it. They're already very confident women, that's the part that's different. So it's like the weight loss goal is you have somebody who's very confident that wants to lose weight, or you have women that want to lose weight, or men that want to lose weight, that they don't feel confident in their own skin. So we have the to balance is it that they want to be able to do more, have more energy live a longer life accomplish more? Or is it that they want to feel comfortable in their own skin and they want to love what they see in the mirror? Those are two very different types of people that we're going to be talking to. And so there's a different way to communicate with the two which category would you say the majority of most of the people that you meet fall into you mentioning has more to do with mental health that probably goes into the direction of wanting to feel confident in what they see in the mirror loving themselves more having compassion on themselves, and really leading with with that side of it, as to listen, by working with me, you're going to learn to love yourself, even if that sounds impossible, even if it sounds like something that you've never wanted to do, and maybe your audience gags at the sound of loving themselves, who knows, maybe Self Love is a is a curse word, do your clients think about that. So now we got to flip it into that perspective, to where we're not leading with that type of language, we want to lead with the language that our clients actually use themselves. And bringing all of that together into both our free offer and what we charge for creates a resonance, I find it it's a very much it's an energetic resonance, to where when people see your offer, they resonate with, okay, this is the type of person that I'm looking to work with. It goes far deeper than just their logical part of their brain. Most people don't make a decision about offers on the internet, and actually buying based off of a lot of logic, we they we make our decision based off of the trust that we feel, is this going to work for me? And do I feel good about this person? Do I feel good about working with this person? And so that's where just finding the people that are going to love to work with you is the is the key for you.

[180:41] Speaker 3: Okay, so like what you're doing right now is this, you know, five day intensive, leading up to a pitch, right, like, so that's kind of been my four, you've been pitching, you've been awesome at pitching the whole time. I'm like, man, me and my friend were like, man, we got to learn from this stuff, man. That's good. Okay, but um, but

[184:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: a big part of what we cover in our in our program is we, we mentor people on the whole process? Exactly.

[186:47] Speaker 3: Yeah, it's really good. I've been watching and like really picking it apart. But I do afford a challenge. And it's a mindset like a weight loss mindset reset. So if I do that, you know, I could do like what you're doing in charge for the recordings. But what would be a good freebie, like, that's what I'm trying to figure out the connection. Great

[191:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: idea. Yeah, great, great, great idea for that, as far as good freebie ideas. So there's a prompt that we'll use as a few different ones that we'll use one of my favourites to figure out an idea for a freebie to offer as I asked chat, JpT generate me 20 YouTube video ideas that are related to what the person described above would be interested in, that would help them reach their goals, but might not be exactly the same as the thing that we're offering right here. And it'll give you different ideas to create sort of a freebie offer that connects with one or two of the elements of your system. One mistake that I find that a lot of people make is that they might have a system for whether it be weight loss, marketing, sales, and they got five elements of it. I mean, I got six elements of our system right here. But they're trying to cram everything into one offer, especially in their freebie, when it's better to pull just one piece of it. So you're just giving, you're really covering that one piece and qualifying people that are looking for that aspect of what you're offering.

[209:06] Speaker 3: And that's so helpful. Thank

[209:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, and then another prompt that you can do. And these are all in the chat, GPT prompt document, there's a lot of them, you can scroll through there and find them. Another one is generate me a list of 20 titles for a online seminar related to the outcome that somebody wants. And what we do is we generate a lot of what I'm telling you right now I'm going to demonstrate tomorrow live to everybody in the main training. This is how we come up with ideas for what our offer is. And so then are we just do a free offer paid offer like we had shown you this was the page right here. This builds trust with people to sell them on what the what the paid outcome is. And this is where you promised the dream outcome right here, that if they continue with you in a paid offer, that they're going to reach that goal that they have with you and then and then that's where when you present we got to have the confidence that that comes across is that you fully believe that you're able to deliver that result to people. And that's part of the selling is is a lot of sales is even just imparting your own belief about your own system to people as well. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much. Let's see, says Betty but it looks like Pamela

[230:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: PAMELA has been on a couple of these for a few months with us.

[232:16] Speaker 1: Hello, yeah, I updated my landing page and I wanted to not look at it again.

[234:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, if I could get it uh, could you send the link to it?

[234:55] Speaker 1: Yeah, I sent it to you right now. Okay.

[238:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's something that I'm going to say too is like your the best thing to do is you're going to want to as you create your own offer. Pamela, since you've been on a couple of these, you're gonna want to test it out and see. Okay, put it out there in the marketplace. See how people respond, see what type of reaction you get. One of the biggest things that you want is once people sign up for it, you want to you want to figure out what are the goals that those people have in their own words. Now, I know that you've that you've worked with a lot of people in person that you you are, actually I Googled you like you got accolades after accolades after accolades on everything that you've done. So you're you got a track record or reputation in your local area for creating incredible results for people in the thing that you do. By listening to when people first come to you, what's the biggest thing that they tell you they're struggling with? And their biggest desire? That's the words that we want to use on our offer. Is those things that they tell you specifically?

[254:16] Speaker 1: Okay, I think I've captured that. And I've made this just today. And I've already got one subscriber, I don't even remember cool. Yeah.

[257:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: It already flows a lot better from what you showed me yesterday, because we're describing okay, what it is, what the what the topic is. And if this is if these are the main things that people come to you and they complain about, they tell you that they want to change, and this is great. As far as doing that. It does on desktop, it looks like the photo is blowing up a little bit too big right here. This is great that you have if you have some testimonies, I would put four or five of those on the page right there for you. already. Okay. And so now we're going deeper into this, this follows our, our process a lot better. Have you tested this out that you said you got one subscriber? Yeah. What are what are you then offering, it looks like you're doing a webinar on August 28. So you're gonna meet with people during that time, connect with them and share with them how you're able to make their life better from doing this,

[272:01] Speaker 1: try to get them to go into the three day intensive. So this be, you know, just like the introduction of some of the things that they'll get when they join a three day intensive. Okay.

[276:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, can you sit? Can you say that again.

[277:41] Speaker 1: So the free webinar is a introduction to the, I'm going to try to get them to join me for the three day intensive that I'm going to do in September, okay. And this webinar is, is just some of the things that will be covered in the three day intensive. But during the three day intensive, we'll go into more details. Awesome. Sounds good.

[286:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I have a client of mine who is a one on one coaching client that I work with, and they've had a lot of success. They made, I believe, multiple six figures with some of their offers, I'm gonna pull up a few of her offers that she's doing. So she's doing these free webinars around this, it's the divine farmer health. And that's she's working with a doctor right here, where they're where they're connecting with people around like different topics, whether it be shedding pounds detoxing, and then they do these different types of events where it's, you know, $19, to join them for these types of trainings to reach some kind of a result. So this is embrace a toxin free, revitalized life and just 10 days. And I worked with her through a lot of this as far as how she's presenting this. And they're having a lot of financial success, doing this with these type of offers. And so this is what I would look out for you very similarly is, Pamela was like with what you're doing right here she has, they have the seven day sleep reset, they found that this one worked really well. No more sleepless nights, unlocked your best sleep ever measurable results, expert guidance, convenience and flexibility. And they're really connecting with people as far as what that goal that the client has is. And so that's what I would take a look at for you is is being able to describe those goals that people have, and invite people into solving those problems with you and I think you'll do a great job of that. Pam. Pamela? Okay, thanks. Yep. All right, Stacy Brown.

[313:46] Speaker 1: Everybody.

[314:02] Speaker 4: So my challenge is, is I'm not necessarily new to this, but it's more of a relaunch. I have a coaching and consulting business that I've had for about five years. My niche has changed a couple of times and right now I am really focusing on helping social fully conscious faith leaders to lead mentally well and operate in excellence. Had a lot of folks that have come to me because I'm a mental wellness of mental wellness and leadership strategist. I'm actually certified in the state of Texas as a mental health peer specialists. I'm working on my Master's right now in strategic leadership and Christian counseling. So I have the technical know how, but where I struggle is, first of all, trying to attract the audience. And then those of us those that know me and come to me for mental wellness strategies, how do I get them to become, you know, clients? I

[332:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: come? Are you wanting to sell people on leadership strategies or mental wellness strategies?

[334:15] Speaker 4: I'm, essentially they come to me for both. I'm just kind of give you my avatar. I work with a lot of pastors that work in the advocacy space. And they are struggling with trying to do this and not experience burnouts, you know, where they are just compassion fatigue, where they are just in a space where they want to quit and give it up. And that's typically we're, who I work with.

[344:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when they come to you, what are they asking for initially, when they're talking with you,

[346:02] Speaker 4: they are asking for strategies, and how to create schedules, where they themselves, how do they avoid giving too much of themselves? So setting boundaries? So how to deal with vicarious and secondary trauma, because being doing advocacy work, first of all ministry is triggering, or it can, you know, so they're looking for routines and things and how they can minimize that exposure, it's never truly going to be something that they can avoid, because I mean, just the line of work, but how do they do it, and create strategies in a way where they're able to do this work? And not come out? So damaged?

[359:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: How are they finding you?

[360:52] Speaker 1: Um,

[361:33] Speaker 4: most of them, it's through peer groups, because I, myself am clergy, and work in advocacy work.

[364:14] Speaker 5: Okay,

[364:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then you just get into conversations with people, and it goes in that direction. And yes, yes, yeah. If you had about 5050 to 100 people that you worked with on this?

[367:52] Speaker 4: Um, I would say probably indirectly, you know, as as, as paid clients, I do a lot of workshops. Where I've come, you know, through those, and most of those have been, you know, gratis, because you know, what I do? And organizations have asked me, Hey, Stacy, can you do this workshop on mental wellness and the movement? Or can you do a workshop on vicarious trauma? Or the different types of trauma that people would come in? And you have,

[377:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you have any books written?

[378:23] Speaker 4: I do. I have a book called my best life now. And it talks about how to build the life that you want through conquering habits. That's the basic building block. Once you get your habits in line wine, then everything else follows.

[383:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think we got to figure out as far as there's language to attract people, especially in your space, you're gonna run into quite a lot of initial skepticism from your target market, as far as if they even need what you're offering, if you're going to be cold marketing to them. And so in that, it's like we have to figure out it's sort of like unlocking there's a code inside of if we look at a pastor a leader they're their brain as far as what are they dissatisfied with that you can solve for them? Absolutely and and then communicate that dream result that they want to them by working with you. Now your process of how you do that again, I'm that's your process. Yeah, but your your process is very rarely what's actually going to get people to take an interest in wanting to work with you on unless they meet you in person through a referral or something like that. And so the trust building aspect happens by you saying, okay, I can help you get here. And then you actually walk people through the process of how to get there with them. And then that builds the trust with those people. And by doing that at scale, with a group setting, that's how we're able to dial things in and be able to create a create a profitable business. Part of the other issue that we run into is, is that in the market of if we're doing pastors and nonprofits are looking for a lot of free help, a lot of pro bono help, yeah, and not wanting to actually pay for your skill set that you have. And so you may consider that your superpower that you have could also translate towards CEOs, and, and business leaders. And let's not limit ourselves just by clergy. But let's look at who are people that are, let's look at the adverse advocacy groups, who else is in there, and then who has financial resources that they really want to make a change in their life. And that's where we pivot our direction of our language to really helping those people develop their habits working on what's going on inside so that they become a better leader more effective in their spaces, not burnout, a CEO deals with emotional secondary fatigue just as much as a pastor will. Absolutely, in fact, more so because a CEO deals with it. So a pastor deals with it from the way that they serve people, oftentimes in business, it comes from both employees, family, as well as customers, clients, and what is the marketplace saying about their brand. And so there's, there's multiple layers now that we got to deal with, they have actually ultimately the same root cause of what you solve for. And so that's where that creates an opportunity, where you're able to expand your financial reach exponentially by pivoting, you know, keep serving and helping with the pastures and, and that since I know that you got a track record with that, get some testimonies from the ones that you've worked with. And then from there, start looking at how can maybe we branch out just a little bit, keep your methodologies and framework the same, keep how you help people the same. But let's branch out a little bit outside of just the nonprofit space and into maybe the there's a hybrid, even like a middle area there of people that maybe they're struggling to succeed in business, but they have a dream, and they have a desire, and they want to make change happen. But maybe they are, they're struggling to gain traction with their ideas. And that becomes a really a really cool space that you can serve. And that's kind of a hybrid for you. Okay, those are just some ideas that I had. And we and I met you that one time at that coffee shop, didn't I? Yeah, I do remember I do remember that was a weird situation. I don't that that guy like blew up at me and and started, like calling me names and just badmouth me everywhere with people. After that it was crazy. So he actually told me in the meeting, that he was a narcissist, and I should stay away from him. And which was funny.

[452:05] Speaker 0: I shouldn't listen to him. It was funny. When I met Stacy, she was sitting next to me at a coffee shop. And I was meeting with this guy, in person there and as she liked, and that was kind of cool. Because like, we had a real spiritual interaction. I was like, I felt like the Holy Spirit was there. And we prayed and everything. It was an awesome interaction. But after that, yeah, I actually almost feel like I dodged a bullet with that person after that is what had happened. So that was good.

[459:36] Speaker 4: Well, that meeting was definitely divine for me. If you like well, you know, because I followed your mom for forever.

[461:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah. I remember you said that. Yeah.

[462:59] Speaker 4: Like, well, let me go. Because definitely then just to be completely transparent. Life has certainly kicked my butt. I mean, everybody's but yeah, I've lost in the past. In the past year, my brother due to suicide, as in, and both of them were under the age of 40. So this is really given me a new take that you know what, just because life gives you ashes doesn't mean you can't have beauty. Absolutely. Yep. That's where I'm at work. You're

[471:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing great. Yeah. All right. Dominic. What's up Dominic? How are you?

[473:30] Speaker 2: Pretty good. How are you? Good. My I get you get your opinion in my niche basically. Yeah, it's I help people and estate and living with depression to get unstuck from living in the past and to heal and to move forward and live in the present moment. So

[478:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what does that look like when somebody breaks out of that into living in the present moment? What possibilities for their life does that create,

[481:10] Speaker 2: to grow to move forward to get it maybe a better job and get a job, get a bed, and maybe get a new relationship? Okay,

[483:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: so those will kind of be the main angles that we'll want to lead with. And then a big part of it is just sharing any of your story or stories of people that you've worked with or interacted with, and being able to point to the fact that you have a system and a methodology that you're able to mentor people and guide them through that process, because you have either done it yourself, or you've helped somebody else do the same thing. And sometimes there's some crossover there as well.

[490:32] Speaker 2: It is it is my story actually does, yeah, awesome. I was suicidal, depressed for one one time for years, actually. So and through various things like meditation and so on, I worked my way out of it. And I got out, I have a new relationship and everything so.

[494:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so our goal is we want to really look at like how to create a life where you're thriving, where you thought there was nothing left for you. And that could be sort of an angle that you could take with that. You can also just really start to interact with some people figure out and you want to be careful with this market, especially like when we talk about any sort of coaching or mentoring always touches on mental health. The problem is that there's a direction that we go in, where it becomes very difficult to be profitable. And what that is, is it's the direction of where we're sort of just staying in a holding pattern with people where they're at, versus a growth mindset where we're helping people grow and go to the next level. And so what I found is that oftentimes, people are not ready yet for the actual result that they're looking for. And we want to be careful that we work with people that are actually ready to make a change in their life. One of the biggest mistakes that that we can make in a mentorship business is that we try to attract people that we have to actually convince. Like, for instance, I was actually making this mistake in my own business as I was attracting people that I was trying to convince that they could make money with an online mentorship business. And I tried my darndest to do so I couldn't convince them of it, though. And so I'm like, Okay, I'm going to pivot away from even trying to reach that group of people, even though maybe they could benefit from my training. And I'm going to focus on those that already know that there's a possibility here in the mentorship space that are looking for the methodologies that I help people with, that's sort of the pivot that we go into. And I'm going to be talking about this as well tomorrow. But I'm going to map this out here for you for just a second for everybody that's on. So every target customer or client that we have, falls into a timeline of they're sort of when they're ready to jump in with us. Most people, they start over here, this is their problem. And then this is like the dream life that they want. And this is the continuum of struggle to their dreams. Oftentimes, the client that you're looking for is usually going to be right here. The issue that most mentors have is they focus a lot on these people that are really still stuck in their problem state. When in fact, there's a there's a breakthrough that happens right around here in the timeline, to where they suddenly a light bulb goes off, and they realize I don't have to live with this problem anymore. So that light bulb that goes off of okay, I have a problem, they make a decision, I don't have to live with this problem anymore. Now you might be able to create an offer that's right here, that helps them make that decision. Okay, I actually do that quite often, when people as I help people realize that they don't need to be struggling to get clients. They don't need to be struggling to do a lot of this. And so a lot of the people that I'm looking for are right around here, to where maybe they're right before making the decision that's going to take them to the next level. The reason for this is because it becomes very difficult to actually make any sort of finances off of this group of people right here, because they're not really ready yet to take the next step with you. Once somebody makes a decision, I can solve my problem. And then you present the solution with a with $1 sign attached to it and they trust that you can deliver the solution. Now that becomes a viable business that you can make a profit with. And so when we talk about a business that makes 10 to 30 $40,000 a month, that's the important factor of it is finding people that are at the right stage of their, their personal life timeline to where they're ready to receive what you're going to mentor on. Not everybody's ready to receive it. I made a lot of people who they say I want to build a mentorship or a coaching business, I want to build an online course business, but they're not really ready to receive the actual process yet. And and here's the other flip side of my experience. If I do by some happenstance convince some of these people to become a client, the chances of them actually getting their results are also very small. Because they're, they're still way back here. And that's where they get burnt out. That's where they're like, you know, you hear it all the time I joined one of these coaching programs, and it didn't work for me. Well, it's because there was like stages that those people had to get to. And so what I do is, I don't even really try to sell to these people at all anymore. I eliminate a lot of my messaging from this group of people right here. And I focus on the ones that are most likely to both purchase and get a result with me, and that's who I'm talking to most of the time. All right. Okay. All right. Dr. Katie Wagner.

[578:40] Speaker 1: Mute. Hello. Hello.

[579:40] Speaker 6: Hi, how are you today?

[580:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great. How are you?

[580:24] Speaker 6: Well, surprisingly, the thing you just showed there is exactly where I'm at. Oh, awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Well, as a mother who lost to both my children, in separate homicides, two years apart at 18, and 24, I have gone to hell and back twice and survived. I was suicidal. But I'm here. And I, you know, I've learned that my purpose on this world is to help other people know, that place. Yeah. But I don't really want to deal with the people who are in that place. You were just circling there on the Yeah, I want the people who are ready, or at least willing to want to move forward, find their new purpose and find your reason why they're still here. Yeah. So that was really cool that you said that right there.

[592:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that'll be the main focus of what we're going to be going over the next two days in the main training is, how do you attract those people, and repel these people when I talk about repelling these people, so people misunderstood me months ago. So these people are great. Like, I love them, they're amazing. But if I'm going to be spending money with paid advertising, and I have limited energy in my, in my, my day, as a CEO, I'm not going to focus a lot of my energy on a group of people, that's not as profitable for me. And so I want to make sure that they don't get confused and think that it's for them. Because actually, there would be different levels of stuff for people that are at this stage. I want to focus the language of my offer that's going to resonate and attract the people that fall right into here that are actually ready and qualified. And that's, that's a big part of actually qualifying the people that you actually present to.

[607:58] Speaker 6: Yeah, exactly. And that's that I completely understand that and having been there not once, but twice, that until you're ready to move forward, you're not going to move forward. I didn't even talk for 10 years. So yeah, there was nothing to say. But the thing is, is I don't know exactly what to say to them. Because I'm very, very raw about it. I don't mess around. I don't sweet talk. So it's only it's going to be a certain group of people who will react to me, because I'm not going to baby. You know, you either want to move forward or you don't, you know, kind of totally, and people think I'm kinda strange with that, but you know, yeah, all the other people are all like, you know, you gotta be so nice to him and quiet. And don't talk to him Don't say their kid's name, because they're gonna, you know, they're gonna cry. You know? Yeah, that's psycho I,

[621:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that will set you apart with your brand, because you're gonna attract the group of people that really look for that. And they want that sort of raw realness versus the sort of kid glove type hand holding. Those are two very different types of people that might have the same problem.

[625:51] Speaker 6: I've written the story, you can see it behind me. Yeah, I know I lost my two children. I lost my entire extended family because none of them will talk to me. They don't know what to say. So they say nothing. And so I wrote the story so that my two sons will never be forgotten. Those two books went number one international bestseller and nine countries and I have reviews from people in Australia, Germany and England who would who would have never heard of my children. Now no, my children so

[633:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you have a you have a secondary business model that you can mentor and as you could teach people how to write and publish bestsellers.

[635:23] Speaker 6: Oh, absolutely. Because 245,000 words behind Yeah,

[636:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I'm saying. So you got you got you got both of those are two aspects as you work with the people that are looking to heal, grow through what you're teaching, but also you could help some people you you'll make a lot more money if you're in the sort of like self publishing type of space, if you want to do that as well. So yeah, just a couple ideas for you. Did you have a specific question that we wanted to go over here?

[642:40] Speaker 6: Well, I was hoping you could, maybe it's going to come in the next couple of days about how do you know what to write in your sales copy, how to approach them and things like that.

[645:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the biggest method that we use to start is I will take a look at what is out there as far as in a in a similar space to where I'm trying to market out. And then I'll utilize the AI to be able to craft some messaging around, what are the what are the goals, what's the pain points and putting all of that together? But what you're looking for is you're looking to figure out what is like that desired outcome and result that people want. You We can't guess that. And this is the this is the crazy, like secret part about it that that most people there, they're asking for, like the secret sauce of it is you won't really discover how to communicate with that group of people until we put an offer out there and you get feedback as to how they respond back to you. Okay, and so then we filter those words, back into that I have a document right here. internally in my company that we use in the Facebook group, depending on when you joined the Facebook group, there were some questions not everybody was asked the questions, because I turned them off on the last day. But there were some questions that What are you struggling with in your business? What would you like to learn from Jeremiah? Well, I have a document right here. It's it's 99 pages long with those answers from people over the last year. Yeah, these are in their own words, people telling me what they want to learn. And so then I'm going to identify the patterns that are in that. And that's going to help me know exactly what to say to attract more of those people by solving specific problems in their own words that they say,

[669:53] Speaker 6: Yeah, I think I answered them the first time I did your one of your things. Yeah.

[671:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and it's really about kind of getting into the mind of the people that you're, you're connecting with figuring out, okay, where are they at? What's stopping them from succeeding and being able to create valuable offers that they can sign up for? With their name and email address? And generally, like, what, how are you doing out delivering that value, it's usually delivered through some kind of media format, whether it be a pre recorded video, a live video training, or an ebook of some kind, those are kind of the three formats that we can deliver value to people through the internet, you have a book that you've written. But that could also be like, how I do it best is video content. And so in that you're promising to people that you're gonna walk them from, where they are to where they want to be. That's the reason why people work with a mentor or a coach. I'm here, and I want to get here. So we identify what is that I'm here that they're at, and where they want to get to, and then you just repeat back to them, Hey, I'm going to take you from here to hear, okay. And then that's the language that you actually use, as you say, I'm going to take you from here to here, in their own words that they've used, right, and then you actually then do that with people, you know, you actually then deliver on what you've told them that you can do.

[692:42] Speaker 6: Yeah, that's pretty cool. And also the one on the button, the the yellow one, he was in the Navy when he was killed. So in a homicide, during Operation Iraqi Freedom, he goes to war and gets killed in homicide. So when he made me a gold star mother, I don't know if you know what a gold star mother is. But if your child is killed on active duty in the military, you become a gold star mother, it's not a group you want to belong to. So I always tell people, it's a very dysfunctional group of women who have all lost a child and are all at various stages of grief. Yeah, we work together and we help the veterans into communities like my son was killed in 2003. I have a mother whose son was killed in April. So imagine the difference of the fluctuation of where everyone's at. So yeah, yeah. As

[704:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you start connecting with people, you'll start to figure out kind of what are the Where do people want to get to with their growth mindset? That's really what we look at, is okay, people are, where they are, hear what's going on in their life, where they want to get to what's that dream that they want to get to? And then we present people with a solution to reach that dream, a path a vehicle to reach that dream?

[710:55] Speaker 6: Well, mostly, when they're on the left side of that page. They don't even want to be here anymore. They want to just can't be with our kids. So it's a horrible place to be. So

[713:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. And some people are just looking for somebody to hold space for them to listen, to let them know like, you know, it's okay to be vulnerable to grief to feel. As Stacey said, Grief is a very complex topic. We have a number of grief counselors that are actually in our mentorship program. It's a very delicate way of describing what they do. I've found that one of the most like Mainstream books on grief that I've read is rising strong by Brene. Brown, how to rise strong when you're beaten down it's word towards a corporate environment. And I found it helped me myself. Some of you don't know this part of my story, my mom and I, I mean, we talk every single day, I love her. But we had a bit of a falling out about four years ago, when she fired me from working with the company that we had built to multiple eight figures together. And so I had to grieve the loss of the future life that I thought that I had, I had to grieve the loss of making a massive salary working for her, I had to grieve a lot of the dreams that I had, I had to sell the house that we had purchased a year prior, this was five years ago. And so in that working through that grief, I found a lot of value. In Brene Brown's content about being okay with grieving loss and losses, is it can be death, it can be loss of dreams, it can be loss of a lot of things. And that's where it becomes multi dimensional. And you have strategies that can help people in a number of those different areas as well.

[736:02] Speaker 6: Yeah, I lost everything I had lived for. For 25 years, I was a single mom, we raised two boys, I got him up to be adults, and people killed him in two years. Everything was gone. So it was a horrible place to be. But you know, Billy, you can also learn to laugh again and have fun and enjoy life because I want you to do and that's

[740:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: the dream that we want to that we really want to show people that it's possible to do that. It's possible to enjoy your life to have more happier days. Than sad days. It's okay to have sad days. We just want to cry in the pillow, too.

[744:31] Speaker 6: Living Proof, but it gets through yours. I'm still here. So yeah. Well, thank you for listening. Yeah.

[746:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Robert, how you doing? Robert? Can you hear me? All right? Hey, how

[748:37] Speaker 7: are these amazing people do these amazing things. And I'm just like, I just want to do drawings.

[750:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: too, though drawing does a lot for people.

[750:47] Speaker 7: I just feel like it's like, you know, some of these people doing such amazing, amazing things. I kind of forgot what I was gonna ask. Basically, of one of the things I'm kind of, I'm resurrecting an old website that I've got trying to get my stuff together, getting a page together. And one of the things I put in the chat a little while ago, I'm not sure how to go about the physical technical aspect of making it so that the content that people sign up for was email is only available from getting the email instead of anything on the website. Because

[761:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll use a platform. So that's where there's, there's platforms that do this, I use a platform called thinkific.com. I have my course on thinking. Yep. And so that's where like, you'll keep it separate in there with it. So you know, I think if it works, so what part of it are we talking about?

[766:29] Speaker 7: I'm just not sure. It's like, I know, it's like, I guess maybe it's just the link to just a course. But hang on, I just clicked on the wrong thing. Maybe it's just the link to the course stowed, put in an email, or how to we want

[770:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: to do is we want to really find the people that are looking for what you are going to teach in the course. Okay, so we work backwards from Okay, here's the course that you help people with. Right? And now there's a group of people that like, if we can think about, just hypothetically, there's a group of people that would be the best fit for that course that they would get results. There's a dream, like I imagine, okay, they go through the course, they get results, I see their happy faces, I see them excited about the results that they got from the course. Okay, so now we work backwards, and we say how can I find 50 to 100 of those people? How can I find 1000 of those people that fit into that category that would most benefit from my course, training or mentorship. And then from there, we build an offer, where you show up in front of those people, you find those people through social media, this is what the Ads campaigns do. And then you're able to connect with them on video, show your value, show your process, show your system, build trust with them to where, listen, not all of them are gonna like you. Not all of them are gonna think that like, Oh, I'm gonna continue with him. But from there, like, there's going to be a small subset that's going to be like, Oh my gosh, this guy's amazing. I want to buy everything that he did. I did this a little while back. There's a guy on YouTube that I resonate with. And he's, he's a he teaches how to create and publish comic books. And, and I was studying how to create and publish comic books for a little bit for a little while. Okay. And so with that, I find if I look at I'm gonna see where is his page that I follow. I need to go find it here for you. Yeah, he's kind of like quirky like, looks like a mad scientist kind of guy

[801:25] Speaker 7: saying I do actually

[801:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about. Yeah. So like in that that's a model to for how you could present yourself. And what you're doing is kind of how is kind of how he has. And you're walking people through the process of whatever like their dream goals or outcome is, and you create some kind of a program where they pay you to get access to get mentored by you in that specific area, that you're going to be helping them.

[810:09] Speaker 7: This isn't a big a big learning curve, I guess, for all the things that I used to do. You know, it's a learning curve. And and, you know, now I'm trying to bring myself to the 21st century.

[813:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there is a learning curve, but I find that it's, if you're really passionate about and here's where the passion comes from. The passion needs to come from, does it light you up to see people learn new things, and then to see their life change? And a result?

[817:45] Speaker 7: Yeah, lovely. I mean, some of the few people I've had to actually go through it. Okay, sir. You know, an entire lesson or so we think, you know, basically is I mean, it's amazing to see if how somebody can transform just in a matter of a week from, you know, stick figures to something and actually looks decent, you know, and it's, you know, that's what people really want. You know,

[824:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what this is, this is the guy that was following circ works art. Yeah. Yeah. So he taught like, all these different things. And I actually I looked at his system, he, he's not doing a great he has so many on here, but he's not doing a great job of actually monetizing his channel very well. Because I had messaged him, I'm like, dude, like, you should have like a membership site with like, weekly, like we meet up and we can talk with you about our problems and all that. And he hasn't, I think, go to the next level. Makes sense?

[834:17] Speaker 7: Yes, it does. Actually, it makes a lot of sense. To channel as well, because that's, I have, like one video on it right now is kind of crappy.

[836:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we figure out like in your process, what I like to do is I'll go into chat GBT, and I'll even use the app on my phone. And I'll just dictate into it, what I do, how I help people when I want to do all of that. And then I say, can you generate me 20 YouTube video topics related to this that might be valuable to somebody who wants to learn that. And then that could turn into a free training that I put up, that has asked people to opt in or sign up for it. That's actually how I've come up with all of the different offers that we put together in my business. As I as I'm constantly looking at, especially all of you that are here today. All the people that are in my mentorship program. My mission is that I want to like I look at people like Rick Pino, Danny Johnson and Sandy Krakowski. And I say, I know where all three of them were, before they became quote, unquote, who they are today. I know my mom had so much fear and no confidence in herself for years. She didn't believe in herself at all. She thought she had no value other than just having kids and being being a wife in her home. Not that to credit that at all, by the way. Like she thought that that was the limit to her value as a woman because that's what was taught to her. Yeah, my mom learned well, I have a knack for business and I can help people. And I have a knack for, for teaching people. Now like my mom has this incredible stock market trader. It's like I actually had always encouraged her. I said, Mom, if you start trading stocks, you're gonna make a lot of money. And she was always like, I'm not smart enough to trade stocks is what she said. And over the last couple of years, she's literally built a multimillion dollar portfolio day trading. And that's what she teaches people how to do. And but like, she started where a lot of where I see people in in here. And in this VIP of like, man, as you said, Robert, there's so many amazing people doing so many incredible things. And all I'm doing is is just teaching drawing, we got to flip our perspective on that we got to flip our perspective and realize that there's greatness inside of you that can help impact people with your message. There are people that their destiny and their future is waiting for all of you guys to rise up and say I'm going to put my offers out there. I'm going to put my business out there. I'm going to connect with people I'm going to I'm going to risk it. I'm going to risk my reputation to put something out there too. get people to sign up on my email list, to make a connection with people just to see where this goes. And then we start offering our coaching and our mentoring. And now this becomes something that we could do full time because we're able to make 1020 $30,000 a month, my mom said this today on her on her stocks call, she's like, to this day, the best way to generate capital in a business, if you have not very little startup capital is created as taking what you know, packaging it as a as a program and a course providing support to people. And then selling that to people because you can you can a generate a lot of finances for yourself and B, it'll teach you a whole lot about business about yourself. It's going to challenge your beliefs about yourself as well. But it's so worth it in the end. So hopefully that encouraged just a few of y'all as well than this. And now today, like my mom is like one of the most confident people that I know. And she's impacting millions of people's lives every single day. So, all right, Tracy Washington. What's up, Tracy? I see your hand raised. That's That's how have you unmute yourself here?

[900:06] Speaker 5: Oh, there you go. I'm sorry. How you doing? Go? How are you? Yeah, how are you? I'm great. Those of us who are in um, in the stock class, we love you. Okay.

[902:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So you know, you know what a rockstar she is? Yeah, she talks about the real stuff to

[904:19] Speaker 5: me does, I can appreciate it. I read started reading or listening to her book anomaly. And I can't I put it in the chat a couple of weeks ago. I said now I understand you better i said i because I liked the little edge Detroit. You know, you can come on get with this. But I am also loving Jesus in a love yo, yo. So I'm like, I like to fix Okay, man. I love it.

[910:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: My mom is super super edgy. I'm I'm, I'm a lot less edgy than she is.

[912:24] Speaker 5: Well, you come from her? That little bit. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Well, thank you for this. I had to jump off the regular call. I've kind of missed the last 20 minutes. But one of the questions I have is I work with executive women. Coming from corporate, I'm no longer in corporate but I used to do leadership training. And I started to see there's this need around used to travel. I think I've traveled to all 50 states now well, except Hawaii, it is let me know why. But maybe but I have seen the tough time in Hawaii right now. They are very much so very much so. So I I saw this need. And I put together this thing. This has been about seven years ago, this thing called executive leadership roundtable for women or something like that. And I literally didn't offer anything, I had no idea about marketing. I was doing this while I was on the road, like in my free time at night in a hotel. I just put together an email with a video I created a video it's just start sending out sending it out to professional women on LinkedIn. And they were joining with that with no offer.

[931:59] Speaker 0: That video was your offer?

[932:28] Speaker 5: Um, yeah, I mean, I just said, Hey, are you Oh, well, I just talked about all the sides. I'm a marketer, I have, you know, made that was my jam back in my school days. And I work in advertising. So I knew how to draw them in. So fast forward that that email or that generated maybe about 70 people on my email list, and then it kind of went cold because I didn't do anything with it. And so here recently been through some major, like most of us major, major life changes. So I'm kinda like, breathing again. And I want to help those women, that same group, same demographic group, I want to help them figure out what's next. Okay, so the the ones who want to make a transition in their career, or maybe most of the women that I coach professionally, did, they came to me for leadership, like how do I elevate my leadership in my workplace. And through that, we always found we didn't necessarily find entrepreneurship, we found a different path for them, maybe spiritually, or emotionally, how you handle something, how you show up your executive presence. So what I found now is that a lot of women are burned out, and they're looking for what's next. And it might not necessarily mean a new career. So I'm in I kind of resurrected that email list and I've been putting things out there. Not going on a consistent basis. I've been I don't know what I've been doing other things, but the email open rate has been like 48%. So that's cool. When I've gotten new people to sign up just by posting my email on Facebook. I'll just cut and paste the email, put it on Facebook just to see if there's a thing there. So Oh, I talk about competence a lot women and having confidence to move forward. So I don't want to track that person you said at the beginning, in the problem, though people who I have to convince to take action, so I

[963:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: like it so much harder at that stage. Yeah,

[964:43] Speaker 5: I don't have the I don't have the patience or tolerance for it. And I exhale when you said that? Well, what I find

[966:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, is that this is generally how it goes, is make a bunch of money in what's profitable, and then create some resources for the people that are over here. That's kind of a way to sort of like give back at that stage. Yes. And that's, that's I mean, I've seen that's generally like, if you see somebody out there, they're really serving this group of people right here. It's because they're, they've already been successful over here delivering something that's at a higher stage. So they're giving back at that level.

[975:29] Speaker 5: Right? I burned I kind of burned out at that stage trying to hey, let's go. So I tried to speak from an elevated place. Yes, you want everything. So it's like it. That's not you, you deselect yourself? Because I'm not talking to you. So that's it. Yeah. And so I mean, I don't mean that in a mean way. Oh,

[980:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, I 100%. That's the process that we use to Sure. So.

[981:42] Speaker 5: So my question is now, so I'm trying to figure out this ladder value ladder, I've got about I think it's gone from like, I think I like 92 people on my list now. And they're all qualified people. They're all my target. They are women who are either entrepreneurs. And a lot of I'm a spiritual, I'm a minister. So everything is everything I put out there. It's kind of that, you know, God mixed in it, growth changing, evolving. All of the things in there. And so people that I attract are those type of people. They are, you know, business owners, they are CEOs, and I'm trying to figure out, I like I've been wanting to do this mentorship thing for like, seven or eight years, and I started a hashtag up more confident. And now I want to kind of take it to I'm like, I think it's time for me to do a mentorship. So I'm trying to figure out what the value ladder looks like. And I've done research, according to your mom, because I've been in her inner circles for a while too. Yeah, I've done the research to figure out what they what what they want, where are they struggling? And how to you know what this whole mentorship thing looks like? So I thought about an e book called something about winning, winning the winning the war without or something like that. Okay, we're a kind of goes into a program, I'd like a mentorship where we talk about what's what's now what's new, and what's next. Because that covers where you are, how to find where you're supposed to be going. And then what is the plan to get there? Yep, that's what the mentorship

[1010:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: do that for like a do that as like a like an eight, week, eight week 12 week program. That way, you can kind of see after maybe two, three months, what direction you want to pivot things into for like the next three to six months. Because that's usually good to do is to kind of do like a, like a, like a two to three month for your initial thing to sort of gauge of the people that we can get that are converting for the mentorship, what questions they have, what problems do they have? How can I serve them, and take this to the next level. And usually, you're gonna get a lot of data from that in the first two to three months. And what I see a lot of people do is they're gonna pivot just a little bit based off of that data, and get more specific with your offer. Now the next thing that I would do is ebook is great, it's a little bit low touch. As far as closing sales to your mentorship goes, the most effective way is, you're still going to want to I would schedule, you know, once or twice a month, a live zoom call that you can do with women for 60 to 90 minutes, as it was women or women and men, I don't know. But like you'll you'll schedule this to where you're now going to basically teach them from what's in the book and a little bit of like, the first parts of your mentorship program. And you do that and you use that video presentation, that live connection with them to then tell them, Hey, we got this eight week program where we got this 12 week program that we're doing. And that's the most effective vehicle right now of actually building trust with people is by getting them to register for some kind of a free training that you deliver live on Zoom or it could be pre recorded to where you say, Hey, I just recorded this this week. And what I like to do too, is it's limited time access. The reason I do that is when we didn't do limited time access, people would download it and they'd never watch it for like six months. Okay. To now I'm qualifying, who's actually going to watch the content by saying, Hey, you got two days to watch this. And now the people who in two days watch it, they're automatically qualifying themselves, or as you said, they'll check themselves out and remove themselves from the system. And so that's the best way to do that kind of putting that together. That's what we're going to be really focusing on tomorrow in our main session, and on Thursday, specifically, is putting those two pieces together for you. So I think you're gonna get a lot of clarity around that during these next two days of the main content as well.

[1048:56] Speaker 5: Okay, that makes sense.

[1049:44] Speaker 4: Yeah, awesome. Perfect. Thank you. Awesome.

[1050:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Amanda, this is our last question that we're gonna be taking here today on our VIP, and then we will be meeting together again tomorrow in the main session, again, the recordings of the VIP, they go into members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, you can access that by going over to my website, right here, clicking on login at the top here. And then you can log into the members area to access the recordings of that there'll be posted a couple of hours, possibly later in the day, in the evening. After the session, so like I have people that write in like 20 minutes after the VIP and they're like, where's the recording? Give us a little bit of time, it actually has to even process in zoom, press fields to put it up. And then you'll be able to get access to that. So what's up, Amanda? How are you?

[1062:56] Speaker 8: I'm good. How are you?

[1063:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you? How's it going?

[1063:53] Speaker 8: Good. Thank you so much. I just love your sessions, because even people's questions ended up giving me ideas.

[1065:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a big reason why I tell people, the VT like, It's no joke, the VIP goes way deeper than just the main session. It's multi-dimensional at this stage. And I'm utilizing a lot of what you guys are talking about in this VIP here. I spent four hours last night, analyzing each of the questions that were asked, I'm gonna do the same thing here tonight, analyzing the questions that were asked here today, so that I know how to best serve this group in the main session and in these VIPs to really take the questions y'all are asking. And I'm crafting the sessions based around a lot of what's asked here, as well. Right.

[1076:37] Speaker 8: So the intense ebooks that I've been creating just the last person you were talking to, I thought, oh my gosh, I could do video sessions over eight weeks to go over the eight steps in the eBook. Yeah. And then have that recorded. And then couldn't I put like the ebook plus the videos like it together in a course for later? Sure. Something like that? Yeah, definitely. Well, in terms of creating content, like, mediate, like ebooks, and courses and whatnot. What, I've never heard anybody talk about how to protect it, if you know if someone's putting in so much work to create an ebook? Oh, yeah. Simple is it? How simple is it for someone to just like, copy it, but change your words slightly? And do you know what I mean? Barry, it's legal

[1088:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: to do so. Yeah, so realize that there's almost no protection for educators around their courses, their content, to really protect it at that level, unless you can prove that you are teaching a proprietary method. And then you would have to go and get an intellectual property attorney to actually they're going to do their due diligence to see about let's turn this into, you might need a patent your methodology at that point. But most of the time, when it comes to mentorship programs, 99% of the time, you can't even do that. We tried that with my mom's inner circle content, because honestly, we were some of the first people teaching what we were teaching and a patent or multiple attorneys told us Yeah, you can't actually like, do that with us, you can't actually lock down and really protect yourself. So I'm gonna give you the answer that my mom always tells people is to not worry about it. Okay, so like literally, like not even really make that a concern or worry about people copying our content that we poured time into really focusing on how can I connect with people at that level? Another side of it is that I tell people, this, I've taken it to a whole other level, in my business, is I actually encourage people to copy me, I actually encourage them and I tell them, go through my content, you could literally reteach it for your niche. And I'm not going to, like, consider that any threat to me at all. I want to get my message out to as many people as possible. And so I've taken that perspective. I learned that from Dave Ramsey and Tony Robbins are both they tell people that and I find that it's a shift. For me I don't mind if people copy me because my abundance mindset is so much that there's so many people for me to reach out there in the marketplace that I don't need to worry about. I'm making sure that I'm protecting the little bit that I have right here. When I want to be overflowing with more than I could handle at that point. Yeah. And that's a shift in mindset from scarcity to abundance, I believe.

[1123:39] Speaker 8: Yeah. I like that. I wasn't initially even thinking about it until my mom said something, because she's like, Amanda, you've poured so much time into this. And what if people steal it? I'm like, well, it would be easy. Yeah, I'm more. So just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing any important steps. Like if there was no software should

[1128:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: use put a copyright on your site, you can put a copyright on your videos. You can you can you can issue cease and desist letters to people that maybe do copy you or rip you off or things like that. Again, I have a very personal perspective on this is that I don't worry about it personally at all.

[1134:51] Speaker 8: Yeah. So I like that I'm going to adopt that too.

[1135:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And my mom used to sort of be on the fence about it. And she's even kind of pivoted into that direction, where she's like, you know, if somebody wants to rip me off, let them like, it's not a big deal. So yeah. And we've just we've found that like, there's a lot of I, when I worked for when I worked for Danny Johnson, I've never said this before, they were very afraid of people ripping them off. And they would send out legal letters to people. And they were, they were super hyper vigilant around that. I found that to be a little bit weird, in my opinion, just because they were like, they were so concerned with controlling what people do with their information. As a mentor, I would rather you take it soar with it, do with it what you want. So, yeah, not that one way is right or wrong or the other. Because listen, you can make a whole lot of money either way. But don't feel don't make it to be a distraction for you at all. And that's another thing that Stacy said they might take your material, but they can't steal your essence, they can't steal your presence.

[1153:24] Speaker 8: I wish I was just gonna say that. They're following you

[1154:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, at the same stage. Um, it's funny, I have a podcast where I talk about this though Stacy's I tell people, if you don't feel confident in what you're doing, maybe you're like, you know, there's, you don't feel confident to deliver your message, I tell people go listen to some really confident teachers on podcasts, and kind of look at how they carry themselves how they talk and communicate at that level, like, you know, you might need to borrow some confidence from, from another leader to be able to show up at that, especially if you've never really had anybody encouraging you to do. So. There's, there's a whole John Maxwell talks about this, there's sort of like two different sets of people that are out there in the world of leadership. One is that they were always praised their whole life, and they have a massive level of self esteem. The other is people that literally just they don't think that they're worth anything. And those are kind of the two like there's two extremes of that I came from as somebody who I knew that I had a lot of value, but I was really concerned with what everybody thought about me for so long. And because of that I would come across, and I had a projection of a lack of belief, I lacked my confidence in my ability to actually sell, present and communicate with people, I was told my whole life as a homeschooler, that I was going to struggle with communication, that was what was literally told to me all the time. And that got into my head for years that I could never do what I'm doing here today. And so, because of that, it's like sometimes we got to really reprogram our patterns, our thought patterns, our beliefs about ourselves. And part of that is if we just observe somebody else's a model and a template for that, we can even borrow from their energy a little bit. I'll look at people like Dean Graziosi add my let Russell Brunson, Dan Kennedy, Tony Robbins, and I'll look at their energy when they're presenting. And I'll observe it and I'll say, okay, they're making a lot of money. There's a, there's a, there's a common pattern across how they present to people. They're happy, they're vibrant, they're excited, they're warm and inviting the people that resonate with them. And I and then I went and looked at some of my old presentations, and I was kind of cold and brash and looked insecure and didn't believe in myself. And so I thought, Okay, I need to shift how I'm showing up on camera to people that was one of those areas that was able to to help our results show up is to really getting myself to show up anytime that I'm doing a presentation in my happiest state of mind. Now, life happens, things happen. Well, the more emotional control that we can have over our thoughts, our feelings and how we show up in the world really does have an impact on our ability to sell and present in our sales and marketing. So all right, Oh, well, thanks, everybody for being here. Thanks for your these questions. This has been great. I'm really excited to go into tomorrow how we're going to craft an offer that that connects with people? How do we communicate that? How do we string this together, and then just getting people on your email list and listening to a presentation isn't enough. You have to be able to build trust with people, you have to be able to sell to people. Again, sales is not a four letter word, even if we think it is. It actually is a four letter word, but it's not. It's not a cuss word. Sell to sell is a four letter word, but it's not a cuss word. And when we see it as a form of service to serve people, and actually becomes very authentic, not sleazy, not slimy, not manipulative at all, it becomes an extension of our very essence as to who we are. And that's what actually produces the best results, where you're having people thanking you for the opportunity to spend money with you, versus be grudgingly like, Man, I wish I didn't purchase that program. You know, like, if you ever been in a sales situation where you're like, Ah, I wish I didn't let that sales guy talk me into that, right. That's not what we're teaching here. What we're teaching is you want to when you qualify people, 99% of the people, there's always outliers, 1% that that still might be nasty, complaining, whatever. Um, as you get better at your messaging, though, you'll learn to not even attract those people as well. That's what's happened to me, I used to have a lot of people that were like, they would get really nasty. I haven't had very many of those recently. But you'll find that the people that you're connecting with that they actually not only like are willing to invest with you, they actually want to they actually desire to, and they're thanking you for the opportunity. And that's where a well crafted offer when your messaging is well crafted in that way. That's where you're firing at all cylinders, and that's where the finances really start to start to grow for you. So that's where we're gonna be going over the next two days. And then we get the VIPs here as well to dive even deeper into that. So thanks you all for being here and I'll see you tomorrow. Have a good one.

