VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-11-14T21:36:03.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: 7Ez2qbqkivceP1IqdK6cr-8yfuE
---

[1:09] Speaker 0: Let's go. Let's go. Let's go

[4:08] Speaker 1: see when I copy this when we go straight live in there

[8:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: live recording. People are coming in coming in coming in. All righty. What is up everybody? Hello, hello, hello. Welcome in over to the VIP here. I'm sure you all got a bunch of questions from today. So I'm excited, I'm excited for tomorrow to just to kind of really break down how we take these elements and apply them to you actually building your coaching business, getting results getting more clients for you. But let's let's just take your questions here today. Same format as yesterday, raise your hand. If you got some questions, you want to go over anything together. And I will be here to answer those questions. We want to unpack anything that I talked about. If you want me to explain anything a little bit deeper, let me know that just raise your hand either on screen or on the on the Zoom Room here. And then we will be able to take your questions. Again, don't be shy. I know everybody get a little bit shy to kind of come up and ask questions. I'll

[29:20] Jake Adams: jump on and get started if we need someone to be adventurous.

[30:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up, Jake, how are you?

[30:44] Jake Adams: Good, how you doing? Good. Good. So I've kind of done groups before but one thing that you said that I was really interested in is the six to eat week. Kind of intensive, right. And I noticed like when I just had a membership site that was 29 or 99, there wasn't a lot of engagement, there wasn't a lot of like, movement, right? So really, really quick my offer, I'm a CPA, I work with tax professionals that are that are struggling to just do like tax returns, right? Or they're doing 200 or $300 tax returns. But I want to say hey, here's how you can charge 1000 or 2000. A

[40:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: great, great offer. Great. Yeah.

[41:49] Jake Adams: So basically, that six week program, I think would be really good or 60 week program, because I can go through kind of the same things that you were talking about, you know, who do you want to work with? Who's your niche? What are you going to package together? How are you going to price that? So do you have any more tips, I guess, in in pricing that six week? Or, you know, Can you can you go straight into selling the six week, although you mentioned kind of the lead offer or the lead magnet to get them into the so program,

[50:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: sending people straight to like a six week program that costs 500 to $1,000. Unless you have some like some way to persuade them that there's actually good fit for them. And that you're not just some idiot on social media that thinks you know something, you have to have some mechanism that sells to people what you're actually doing. So that's the biggest reason why having a lead magnet offer and lead magnets, they come in different formats to you know, they could either be an ebook that leads to like a maybe a micro webinar, it could be a VSL that leads to an ebook, could be a webinar that then leads to a five day intensive, it all just depends on how your audience best responds to you as far as that goes. And then your ability to persuade, build the know like trust in you that they need to buy that nine times out of 10. When you're going out there cold with people, a paid program is not going to sell and it's going to cost way too much in advertising to be able to do that 510 years ago, that wasn't necessarily the case. That's why you know, $100 $27 products are kind of easy to be able to do that. Once you start crossing into like the 500,000 $2,000 territory, there needs to be some kind of a buy in from them before you're actually going to offer that. And if we're talking about being profitable in your business, you have to sell at that level to be able to have a have a profit margin. Otherwise, if you're selling like $27 to be profitable, you got to have a lot of volume. And for your profit margins to work you got to it's it's it's a lot more work than you need to put into everything. And here's what I say if you can sell somebody that's 27 bucks, you can sell them at 97. Now you can take a portion of those people and sell them on a 500 or $1,000 program. So that can be a value ladder that you do to where you could sell a $27 training or a $97 training, or something like that as an entry level, and then you upsell those people, once they've gone through the training, I'm not talking about like a one, Click Upsell on the next thank you page I'm talking about, like, they'll go through a training with you like a legit time where they spend with you they get problems answered, things like that, once that trust is built. That's where you offer them that next step, the best way to know what that next step has to do with what are the questions that are coming in from people. And so we'll be touching a bit more on that, too, tomorrow, and a lot of that has to do with the sales copy that we put together. Does that make sense? As far as the pricing strategy goes, we don't want to overthink it, I have these different tiers of pricing that I recommend that people do. Under $97 is really more just a just a lead magnet type of a thing. It's just for your sales and marketing. It's not really for profit, it's for exposure. And so the cheaper that is, the more volume you'll get. So seven bucks is going to get more people than $27, free is going to get more people than $7. But the quality of the person is going to change depending on how much they've made the investment as well. And so that's how qualified they are that are actually showing up with you and listening to you depends on how much of an investment that they have made to engage and connect with you. So we got to keep kind of all of those factors in mind, then what we look at is just economically, I mean, especially for your market, I do not think that 1000 to $2,000, especially if your offer is to show them how to make more money. 1000 to $2,000 is not expensive for what you're gonna be selling. And so really, if an accountant or a CPA is not willing to invest 1000 or $2,000, maybe break it down into a payment plan, they're probably not going to be a good fit for you overall. As far as that goes.

[110:40] Jake Adams: Yeah, yeah, most of the time, I can show that I'm gonna get a 10x that so it's it's not a difficult sales conversation. But I'm trying to limit how much you know, sales interaction on doing I really liked the the VSL is in the webinars,

[114:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm yeah, I'm all about the hands off sales interaction. And not doing like discovery calls. I don't do discovery calls. I don't do. I only collect. Actually, that's not true. If I was to say I don't do discovery calls, I do discovery calls for people that have been in my coaching program that want to do one on one coaching with me. And they have to put in an application fee to even get on that discovery call with me. So that so like there's a lot of hoops to jump on. Before I get on any one on one conversation with people. As far as that goes, um, the fact that I don't that I do that does upset some people. But those aren't people that are good fit for working with us overall. And they're they don't understand the model at the same time. Like if somebody's writing me, and then like, I hate the fact Jeremiah, that you didn't get on a one on one call with me. I'm like, first of all, that's like the model I'm teaching. So I'm not really you know, there's a disconnect there. But yeah, yeah,

[132:19] Jake Adams: I always tell people, you know, there's chocolate, vanilla and strawberry, right? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not a great Android

[134:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: an apple. Yeah. Well, thank you. That's it. Yeah. All right. Cool. Hey, anybody else? Raise your hand? deskah asked a question. It looks like Elizabeth had to get going. She told us gonna watch the replay. So that's good. Lizabeth had a bunch of great questions earlier in the week. And listen, this is a great place for you to get goes over which topic you're looking at. My own voice talking to me, this is a great place to for you to kind of get some even some coaching some little areas, maybe there's a sticking point that you might have, while you've been building one of these businesses before, or even starting to break through some of the resistance, some of the hesitancy some of those areas that might be blocking you. You know, I'd love to even unpack any of those for you. Here's the thing is sometimes as coaches and mentors, we can become we want to we want to project an error that we got it all together, I want you to realize that to get the best results out of a session like this, is that we have to be willing to admit to where are we? Where can we grow? Where are we where, you know, what are the areas that we need to grow? What don't we know as far as that goes pretty what are the legalities that were responsible for? It helped me understand what you mean by that question.

[157:00] Speaker 3: Okay, so I'm super Tech Challenge. So even if my heart is set on doing a group coaching program, what its terms in terms of Like, legal things, am I responsible for? Like, you know, like the back end? Or or? Like, what, what, what legal

[163:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: things? Not like like law lawyers or something like that? Are you talking about like going to jail? No, I'm

[165:27] Speaker 3: talking about like saying, hey, if I if I'm doing a coaching program and somebody says, Oh, well, you know what, I don't feel like I got the results that you had promised. So what? How am I legally liable?

[169:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, well, that's where you you you explain you express, you definitely want to express your refund policy upfront. Like, you're not legally, if you say we have a 30 day policy, they come back, they say that, like, you're not liable to have to give them their money back, if you don't have that refund policy, as far as that goes, I think your own integrity is, is something that we kind of come up with at that point. Now, here's something that I'm going to tell you. And this is something that, you know, as somebody who has been in this business for long enough, I'm willing to say this to the point that I may lose the respect of some people that are here today, you're not going to get everybody the result that you promise, because it's not possible to unless you're holding a gun to their head. So we got to understand that you do your very best to deliver the best quality training to the best of your ability. And yet, even in doing that, there will be people that will say, No, I'm not gonna do it the way she told me. And some of them will try to manipulate you and say, hey, it was your fault. And they'll get all angry at you. And so first off, that's one of the things is, we can't let people manipulate us as far as trying to try to tell us that when we gave it our very best that it's that it's our fault that we failed them. As far as that goes, I tell people focus on the people that are celebrating you, you're not going to please everybody. If you go out there in business, you're gonna have people that you disappoint. If any of you think that you're going to build a business and never disappoint anybody, and you're going to somehow be perfect at that. You're You're greatly deceived as far as that goes. And it's just because you're not done enough in business is forgotten. And so you could do all the right things perfectly to a tee. And you will still have people that say you didn't give me the result, you suck all of that. So are you legally liable now for that? No, you're not. recourse, anybody can sue you for anything.

[204:12] Speaker 3: So we have to be willing to get bad press, or bad motor percent,

[205:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have to be willing to get bad for us all the time. Okay. You have to be willing to do that. Because if you at the end of the day, are given that your very best shot. That's really who you're responsible for. And what I'd say to do is express the expectations clearly upfront, share upfront, what you can do what you can't do, you know, I had I had some people in the beginning when I launched my group coaching program. guy wrote me, he said, here's the thing, Jeremiah, you know, you made me, you made me think he wrote me, he said, Jeremiah, you led me to believe that you are going to give me one on one coaching. And you never did. First off, I never did that. And I, I went back and tried to even understand where he got that from. I gave him two months of his money back simply because he was just belligerent. And he still said honestly, that you could give me five years of my money back that I haven't even paid you and I would tell everybody that you're a fraud, Jeremiah, I would tell everybody that they need to never do business with you. And so I had to become okay with that person demonizing. Right. As far as that goes, I had somebody a week ago, write me tried my program for 30 days. By the way, I have dozens of people that tell us, they're in our program. They love it, they think it's amazing. They think it's incredible. But I'll still get one or two people where they are there they write in and they're just they're not happy. And what I've come to the it's just that they just weren't a good fit for it. That's why I do have a 30 day money back guarantee policy for people because at least at that point, like they can try it out and see if it's a good fit as far as that goes. But I got zero tolerance for people that try to convince me that I'm that I'm in the wrong for how I build my business and try to tell me that I need to change how I do my business. There are people that take that as a challenge. They join calls like this and they joined my program, just so that they can prove me wrong and they get off on like they literally mentally get excited by the fact that they can dominate a mill You're there, try to make me feel like I'm small. There are people like that they're psycho. Yeah. So you're gonna meet psychopaths on the internet, especially in the coaching space, you're gonna meet narcissists, you're gonna meet people that are going to try to manipulate you, that's one side of it, you don't let them Don't worry about it, and nine times out of 10, they're never going to do anything. As far as that goes. The other side of this, there's generally people that give feedback, I love getting feedback from people I ask, anytime somebody tries a program for 30 days, I asked for some feedback as far as that goes. And we've applied much of the feedback that comes in, I love getting feedback from our customers and clients, we apply the feedback to that, but at the end of the day, you're not going to please everybody, you're not going to get everybody results. And this is one of the areas that I noticed that a lot of beginning coaches cannot seem to necessarily wrap their head around is they believe, well, I'm not going to launch my program until I can guarantee that every client gets a result. And there's no way of you actually being able to do that. And so then this creates this hamster wheel of never feeling ready or good enough to be able to launch something out there. And I can tell you this, look at every mentor that exists today on the planet. And if and this is an area where I have seen people that are judgmental towards other mentors, because of this night, they're not getting every single person that they reach a result, there's also a different level of how much interaction that you do with people. So if I'm charging you $20,000 a month to run your marketing, there's a few more contingencies as far as what I'm doing. But if I'm coaching you, I don't have control over your day to day activity. You know, you can be coaching somebody, by the way, most of the people that are going to complain, I have found, are actually lying about what they are actually doing on a day to day basis, because they're embarrassed to be honest, they're not willing to be honest with you about what they're doing as far as that goes. And so sometimes one of the red flags that I have to, I'll say this nine times out of 10, I've had some people that join my coaching program like Jeremiah, every coach I worked with failed me and screwed me over. And I tell them, Well, gosh, unfortunately, you saying that gives me a feeling that I'm probably gonna be the next one that you're gonna demonize and think that about, and nine times out of 10, they usually do they come up with some reason why I completely was just the worst person in the world to them. Because they're validating a story inside of their mind that they have to be the victim, the victim mentality, that it's always them against the world, somebody else is trying to screw them over. So in that sense, we can't allow that to stop us from putting ourselves out there. Because the more that you actually do put yourself out there, you're going to have that come in and come come at you now, it's going to be really few and far between I tell you, it's less than 1% of the people that I meet, that's good, less than 1% of the people but that 1% can get very nasty. And I've had to work with my therapist, I'll just be transparent with you. There are some things that have been said to me from prospects. It took me a month to heal from the hurt what this person said, and it wasn't even true. But because of some of my own trauma and dug up trauma from my childhood, of you know, there was something that I learned growing up. And I think this is just more personally for me that if somebody thinks ill of you, then it must be true in some way. And what a lie that I was taught as far as that goes, that I had to always perform, and please everybody in order to be safe and secure in life. What a lie that is. And so for me learning a, I'm going to do my very best, I'm going to operate with integrity, honesty, do my very best to help everybody. But at that point, my responsibility ends with me doing my very best. And where somebody else takes the baton from there. All right,

[303:12] Speaker 3: before you quit, the next question is that can I ask you quickly? When do we know it's time to have a team?

[304:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you know when it's time to have a team when you feel like you're working too many hours to build the business yourself. I think if you have the funds for it, starting with a team right away is helpful. You can use a team that's overseas and that costs about three to $6 an hour if you use some service providers that are overseas for your advertising and landing pages and stuff like that. In my coaching program, we have a growing community of service providers that they don't work for us are necessarily part of our program, but they understand what we teach and they work with a lot of our members in my group coaching program and so as far as that goes, it's really one of the number one things that you do want to do in your business is to buy your time back. If I was doing everything in my business, I probably working 40 hours a week. The fact that I have a team that combined they work about 30 hours, and it costs me maybe 1500 bucks a month as far as that goes. But they do all that stuff. So now I only work like 10 to 15 hours max, in my business and the rest of the time I get to hang out with my son, I get to spend time with my wife, I get to, you know, pretty much do anything that I want. Today I have complete time freedom. And I think that that's actually one of the goals that I think we want to get to, I got to the place where I had time freedom before I had the income. And it's funny, even if you're working a corporate job, you can actually develop time freedom I learned this years ago, because you can negotiate when you show up at your corporate job. Now, of course, you can be subject to them denying you, of course, but it's worth asking at that point. And it's worth negotiating. And it's worth learning how to do that. So that you can even open up your own hours to be able to build your own business. The goal, though with a business is for you to remove yourself from the tasks that somebody else can do, you definitely want to get to where you remove yourself from it, because then it's just a job is what you're doing at that point. And in the beginning, it can be nice to have a job that you get to work from home, but that will quickly get really boring. And you're gonna be able to go to the next level by having a team that can do a lot of the more monotonous tasks. Do you teach that

[339:26] Speaker 3: in one of your courses? Or do Yeah, we

[339:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a we have a course in the program that goes over that. Okay, I'd love to have two we have two courses that kind of break that down as part of that. Yep.

[342:12] Speaker 3: Thank you for taking my questions. Yeah, definitely.

[342:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Judy, what's up, Judy? How are you?

[344:13] Judy Cunningham: I'm great. How about you? Good. If I can remember, now I got the landing page and the lead magnet, I was trying to pull mine up, I had a done for you done. Because I'm not tech savvy. I finally said forget it, I get somebody else to put it up. But like my lead magnet is I you know, I can give away free trips to over seven different places. And then or either the top is to 500 hotel, or 250 Hotel. So that's what they got as my lead magnet. But then my offer pay. I mean, not my offer plays my when they say we're saying the right landing page talks about the travel to travel club and offering the membership. So I need to know, in order to really know that they do what they're supposed to do. What's the difference between the lead magnet and launch the landing page?

[361:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or do you have any control over the messaging that's on that landing page that you're putting out there?

[362:39] Judy Cunningham: Yeah, I haven't sanctioned it yet. They have to send it to me. And then I have to go over it and decide whether what changes or whatever.

[364:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I mean, as far as the messaging goes, again, we got to like lead with whatever that dream goal that people have is, and build something around a promised outcome that you're going to have people sign up for it. So some kind of a value that for people to give their information, you got to realize this, people are very skeptical on the internet today. Just because you got something valuable doesn't mean anybody's going to take you up on it. Okay, so that's something to really remember is you have to learn how to communicate that value in a way that stands out to people that is different than what they've seen before. That's one of the biggest mistakes that I see a lot of people make no matter what they're offering. They like it, but it's so valuable. Why are people buying it, it should just sell itself? Well. That's not how reality works is us we have to communicate that value in a way that actually connects with people.

[379:07] Judy Cunningham: That's the part I was forgetting. Half of the class today. I understand. I was telling them what I wanted. versus me. Yeah, I didn't know what they want. Yeah. So how do I go about reversing that? Because

[383:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're going to be breaking a lot of that down tomorrow. Okay, but a big part of that, as we figure out what do they want, and you actually have conversations with people where they can tell you. So by people actually connecting with you and telling you what they want, you're able to figure that out.

[388:16] Judy Cunningham: Okay, so should I just question the people that's already partnering with me? And see if you can,

[389:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, if you can figure that out? Well, what got them started, why did they get started? What were they wanting? What was their desire? What is their dream goal? Okay. And so was it wasn't the money? Was it the travel? Was it the what was it and so as far as that goes,

[393:41] Judy Cunningham: because people say travel is 555. So

[394:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, you might need to make two separate types of offers. As far as that goes. I've seen lead magnet offers around creating the like, basically creating the life that you dream and then you get to present that to people as far as that goes by getting them to sign up for that. But you got to do it in a way that actually is citing the people that gets their attention, because here's the thing, you're, you're competing with Taylor Swift, the Kardashians and cat videos on social media, so to be able to do that, and listen that can I know some people that can be depressing? They're like, Oh, my gosh, I can't compete? Well, no, you can, if you figure out what's the right hook that people really, really want, and you promise that value to people, and then you bring them in around that. So this is why again, when I talk about, it has nothing to do with what you're selling, or even what you deliver, or anything like that. It has everything to do with figuring out what's that thing that people want, that they're willing to take their time to get that they're willing to make an investment to get that they can't get anywhere else, either on YouTube or by googling it. And then we communicate that in a way that's effective. And that's where the chat, GBT comes in to be able to communicate that really well. So you take what it is that you offer. And we figure out what is kind of the deeper hook that's going to persuade people to take action with you. Gosh, in a perfect world, we would just say, Hey, listen, this is a great opportunity, you should join and hundreds of people would sign up. But that's not what happens. You got to you got to be able to make that connection with people, you got to build that trust with them. And you got to have an opportunity to build that trust with them. As far as I was

[421:59] Judy Cunningham: putting the question in chat GPT, I would ask them to express to me what that was, would be a what, what is the? What's the word I want to use? It's all about travels. So I wanted to break it down like a four year old? What are the pain points? Or

[427:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: what will know? What are their dreams? What do they want? What are their goals? And then what stopping them from getting there. And then you make a promise to them that you're gonna be able to get them a certain result by simply giving you their name and email address.

[432:12] Judy Cunningham: Okay.

[432:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that's where those are the words that you communicate to people to actually get them to sign up. So we're most people kind of miss it. Is this what I just said right there. Because and this is, that's what we focus on a lot in my accelerator is working with people through optimizing that and working through getting those words just right. Because most people create an offer, they put it out there, they lose money on their advertising, nobody signs up, and now we get disappointed. And it's like all this energy was wasted. Well, it doesn't have to be that way. If we just learned how to change the words, what to say, in the right way to get people to actually take the action. And so that's what the sales copywriting is. One of the problems that I see that people have, though, is that the words that it takes to get people to take action. Most coaches and mentors feel very uncomfortable using those words sometimes, or they feel like, well, gosh, can I really deliver that, or gosh, that sounds way too big, I'm gonna back off and they play tiptoe around walking on eggshells being way too cautious and careful. As far as that goes as to what they promised in their offer. The problem with that is that's a way to guarantee you lose a ton of money on your advertising and nobody signs up. And so I want to get people in front of me and connect with people, and then build that conversation once they're in front of me that way, this is why most coaches and mentors they're great at what they do. Most business owners might have a great product, but they can't seem to market or sell it for anything because they quote unquote, don't want to cross a certain line or do something a certain way that they feel makes them look a certain way. Well, gosh, I don't want to disappoint anybody. I don't want them to think XYZ about me and stuff like that, when that's the biggest thing that's actually stopping people. And if they just were able to communicate a little bit more assertively a little bit more boldly, again, I'm not talking about see the extreme level of this is that you start promising stuff you actually can't deliver on it's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you become bolder with it, you start communicating in a more bolder, powerful way. And that's where the AI can help you do that as well as working with a mentor and a copywriter and somebody that can help you put all this together can help you figure out what are those words that are most effective? Okay, okay, so

[472:16] Judy Cunningham: being persuasive is is, I guess, if they're telling me they don't have enough time, or they don't have enough money would be being persuasive. While

[475:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: most people who say they don't have enough time or money that's handling an objection that's a little bit different. That's what I was gonna ask you. That's objection handling. You can handle objections up front but here's what I would rather you do is instead of trying to convince the people who say they don't have enough time or money, find the ones who do have enough time and money

[480:12] Judy Cunningham: helped me understand being persuasive or I need to maybe look something up being

[481:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: being persuasive. Actually, let's ask chat JpT that real quick? Explain what being persuasive in a sales setting is to a let's do a fifth grader instead of a fourth grader. All right. Sure, let me explain it in a way that's easy to understand being persuasive and sales is getting is like getting, when you really want your friend to play a certain game at recess, you know, it's fun. You want them to see that too. So you tell them all the cool parts about it, why it's exciting. You might also listen to what games they like to play. And so in sales, it's the same way you listen to them, you get to know them, and you frame it in a way that matters to them more than anything else. So that it makes more sense to actually buy from you than to say no. Okay, because that's the, that's the thing is in sales and being persuasive. To get the sale. The person needs to make a decision and feel inside them that to say no to this opportunity, is actually the worst choice is actually the choice that we don't want to make. And it's actually a much better choice to decide to purchase this thing that you're buying. And that's a skill set that we grow in by communicating more with people, by having more conversations with people. This is why, you know, sometimes it takes having 50 100 conversations with people and when you could do it in a group setting like this, and you'll get better and better and better at how you have that communication. The other thing is, is it's not about being timid or even worrying about people saying no or rejecting you. You just don't even care about that. You let them reject you if they want to. Well,

[510:00] Judy Cunningham: I do the presentations. And yeah, I think what I've been doing was talking about the highlights, like 80% off the retail rate, you know, but that's not what gets people or that you can make money doing this, you know, what

[514:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: gets people is that they, that they trust you what you're selling, they trust your company, they trust what you're saying. And they trust the result that you're promising when they buy from you. So they have a trust that it's going to give and deliver on what you're offering. Most people have a level of trust when you first meet them, right around a three, three to four. And a three to four is not going to produce a sale. Even a seventh level of trust isn't necessarily going to produce a sale. So we want to get somebody to a level 10 Trust to where it's like, okay, this is better than anything else I've looked at before. And that's why I need to do it this way. And that's what learning how to be persuasive. And sales is now I guess, if somebody's unwilling to do that they're going to be very have a very hard time getting clients in any kind of a business overall. And I meet a lot of coaches and mentors that tell me I'm unwilling to do that. And I tell them, well, then you're not going to have paid clients. You know, and so,

[532:41] Judy Cunningham: I'm willing, I got away from that. Trips myself, so I know. I need to talk from that perspective. Yeah,

[534:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you go. Awesome. Gotcha. All right. All right, Fred's pad. What's up Fred?

[537:59] Speaker 1: Mommy muted.

[538:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Okay, good.

[538:49] Speaker 1: Hey, Jess. Especially nickname for me, J S. K. So real quick. So yesterday, you kind of walked me through being able to attract the right people. Now I'm really understanding of the last, you know, just 24 hours on the livestream today, how the coffee has really, really the focus, like being able to, we all want to get to the Facebook stuff, as far as putting that in there. But my question is, once you get the copy done, because I don't want to be writing a whole bunch of copy. So my question is, is that something that I should hire out? Not that good? My English is not that good. chatty, Beatties giving me that can but what if I don't want to do all of that writing and putting in my own voice is check CPT the only way to be able to do it.

[551:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's gonna be the most effective way for you to be able to put that together, using chat GBT to help you do that. And so I'm fortunate today, I wouldn't hire most copywriters that are out there to do anything because chat GBT is going to be better than most of them as far as long goes. And so because most of them are using it, they don't know how to use it the right way. So we're gonna break down tomorrow how to actually use it the right way. Very simple. There's prompts that are in that prompt document, and I sent that in an email. I'm going to send that to y'all later today with the prompt I got it Have some prompts that you that you use that they break down, what are the pain points, what are the struggles, all of that. And there's a process that we go through that actually helps craft that sales copy, to get it about 90% of the way there, then what you do is you just added it as the final piece, put it on a page and get people to show up with you. Again, one of the biggest mistakes people make, they're not specific enough with the copy, they're way too vague. They're not talking about the outcome and the dream goal that they're actually selling and promising. They're talking about their coaching process, that's the mistake most people make is their sales copy is all about how they coach people. That doesn't matter. What matters is the problem the person is having and the result that you're going to get them to at that moment in time, you can break down your framework after they register with. So that's one of the biggest mistakes I see a lot of people make is that they they try to put all their framework and what they do into the sales copy thinking, well, that's going to convince people to take action when it does the exact opposite.

[577:25] Speaker 1: Okay, thank you.

[577:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we'll break that down a little bit more tomorrow, though, as well. So thank you,

[578:37] Speaker 1: thank you for watching and as Janelle

[579:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Janelle Garcia, how are you?

[580:52] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, can you hear me? Yes, I'm good. How are you doing? Good, good. Thanks. So I had put in here because I didn't find the hand race thing. But I found that, um, I, I was really, my niche was more on divorced women going through divorce and how to deal with that. But I'm finding that it's been difficult and my heart was changing, my husband gave some input, I just felt like it was time to change and try something new. So I'm going more for women and their homes, the home that they want to, you know, for their, for their families, and creating memories and all that. So I'm using a lot of chat DBT and Canva, I created a planner, a holiday planner that I'm putting out, I'm trying to get it out within the next day or two, for sale on it probably gonna buy. I don't know how much I can buy, but I'm gonna buy a little bit of Facebook ads for it. Would that be a good transition to start moving in that direction with people to get more of that type of of a person? What would you recommend?

[600:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So how are we how are we you're going to market a holiday planner through Facebook ads,

[601:26] Jinell Garcia: right now? Yeah, generally,

[601:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're gonna get the holiday planner for people who already know you and are buying from you. I know a lot of people, they launch these planners through Facebook ads, and they sell nothing. Most people who launch a planner with Facebook ads, so nothing. I had a lady from my church two days ago approached me she's like, Hey, I'm selling a planner, I do a podcast. And I'm like, Okay, do the Facebook ads with that. But you should do it to people that follow your podcast, right? So if you're trying to use it to like reach people, and you're selling it. Like, that's not necessarily going to be a great lead in to sell people, you want some way to actually connect with them around? What are those goals that you help them with and build that? That brand and messaging around that? So again, that's more of an E commerce sales approach? Okay, um, I don't teach anything related to e commerce. So I focus strictly on coaching programs and courses.

[617:06] Jinell Garcia: Okay, so this is also going into my email list. I've got about 400 people in that. So maybe I'll just leave it. And I'll still stick it on social media, but we'll see what happens with it. So what would you recommend, you're just saying, just get out there and start I mean, I loved I kept missing a lot of the thing today, my my phone, I was driving around, and I kept losing you. So I loved a lot of your idea of the group coaching. I would really like to do that. I think that's a great idea. Um, so you recommended and I just start putting stuff out putting post out reels, whatnot, talking about the home? How would I How would I start switching and going for that

[628:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: you create something. So that's, that's one of the again, one of the mistakes people make is just putting out a bunch of free content, hoping something sticks, you want to create something that people actually have to register for with their name and email address, around that topic of the home, okay, around some kind of a goal that they have a lead magnet to actually get them on there. So then any sort of content or ads that you put out there gets people on the email at the email list, then that's where you build that connection with them once they're on there. And generally, you're going to deliver some kind of a piece of content, whether it be a 10 minute video, a 15 minute video, whether it be an hour long training, whether you spend two three days with them that doesn't really matter as much to some way to you to make a connection with these women beyond just you're just some face on the internet that thinks that you because here's the thing. I mean, I mean this politely, but to somebody who doesn't know you, you're just some woman that thinks she has good ideas and who, who the hell do you think you're right? Like, That's literally how people are on the internet. They're not respectful. They don't like, you know, people think that about me too. So let's, let's tell them who the heck you think you are, and why you know that you got value. And so we demonstrate that we show that to them. Now, a group of those women are gonna just love you. And you can sell them your planner, you can sell them, uh, you know, we got, we got a four week training class we're doing for 200 bucks. We want to jump into this, to help you put this this and this together. And really like working on what you want to find in your community. What's a specific area that these women want to grow in? Okay, and what's that dream that they have in that specific area? And that morphs and evolves over time? What you're describing is actually so interesting to me. Do you know who my mom is? And you follow her at all?

[657:41] Jinell Garcia: I know your mom. Yeah, I started following her recently because I was I met her through Jennifer allwood. Okay.

[659:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when my mom started in business, like 30 years ago, she had a newsletter, all about helping women in the home. Literally, she started playing was exactly. Now today, she teaches a lot of her following us women. She taught a lot of women how to start an online business, and now she's teaching how to trade stocks. So she has morphed and evolved that message of providing for your home and additional income and things like that into what she's doing 30 years later, to pretty much the same group of women just a different message. That's

[669:21] Jinell Garcia: really encouraging. Yeah, yeah, very encouraging.

[670:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's kind of how it morphs is it's like, okay, how is she able to make $20 million a year is she figured out, okay, there's a group of women, they want to learn to trade stocks. Most of them, they already have an investment portfolio, she's, she's working with people, they already got some money, and they want to grow that. And that's who she is focusing in on, but it's always has something to do with a better life for their family, providing for their family, you know, being able to eat higher quality food, being able to garden, things like that, you know, it's focused around this kind of community, this tribe that really engages with her, but then what that looks like can morph into different things over time. Does that mean no,

[682:39] Jinell Garcia: that's exactly what Yeah, it sounds it makes perfect sense. Now that you're saying that I didn't know that's where she started. And that's how she started

[684:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: selling kitchenware, online and CompuServe forums, and AOL back in the day, why she is connected with these when she was, she called it the keepers at home directory is what she did, and how to keep your home. She did this whole proverbs 31 thing was her focus. So that was literally what evolved into. Then, just on her journey, she discovered network marketing, she did really good with network marketing, then decided to never do anything with network marketing again. And then she wanted to teach women how to blog because blogging was really big at the time it popped on the scene. So this was back in 2008. You know, and so that's one of the other things too, is finding the trends where people are at, you know, CompuServe Yes, totally. We were on CompuServe and AOL. I remember even I had a little website on CompuServe it was all about science and rocket ships back in the day. Oh, wow. Well, one thing that I because I was always always there. For those y'all again that don't don't know who my mom is. So this is her right here, Sandy Krakowski. And she teaches how to trade stocks and invest. And so she is a coach and a mentor that has a has a stock investment program. Her lead magnet right here is it's a free book on trading stocks. We use AI and transcripts of her training to put this together.

[707:41] Jinell Garcia: That's crazy. Yeah, yeah. And so

[708:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I consult her on the lead magnets the sales copy and advertising. Well,

[710:12] Jinell Garcia: that would be coming full circle if I ever got to that point. I got out of the financial industry because I wanted to be home again. But yeah, that's that's kind of where my heart is, you know, I came alive when I started thinking about is like, I just want women to know the power they have to create this environment for their family. Yes, yeah, really can really just make them grow, you know.

[716:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is where you embody that. The woman that really that you're demonstrating that they can become you start to embody that. And I would say that for everybody that's here. That's one of the number one things that's gonna I can attract people, as I want you to think about the archetype of who your client wants to become. And we sort of become that as well ourselves. And that's what attracts even more people to us as well, as far as like, okay? If I'm selling that I can show you how to generate seven figures in an online coaching business, I better be doing that myself in my own business. If I'm saying that I'm able to do that. So that's the thing is, you also want to become a product of your product, a story of your story. And that builds a lot of trust with people right there where you're not just a talking head with information. But rather, you're speaking from experience, and you're mentoring people.

[730:52] Jinell Garcia: Right? Yep. One more quick question. You I had taught me you had mentioned something about if you're coaching, doing one on one coaching, you were saying something about the minimum should be like 500? Was that 500 a month? Is that what you're talking about?

[735:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: No one on one coaching, I think your minimum should be five to 10,005 to

[736:43] Jinell Garcia: 10,000, for

[737:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: no hurt for like, like a package of sessions, like maybe you know, 500 to 1000, a session with you an hour, because then you do a group coaching that could be 500 to 1000 for six months to a year. And so the group, the group model of like, $500, they get to join you for a year, they can pay for it and 12 payments, it's like 40 bucks a month. $500.40 times 12, I think is like 480. So maybe like 42 bucks. Yeah, something like that. And that'll come out to about 500 bucks. I think you can build a community that's $42 a month $500, something like that, that would get people in the part of it is doubt. Sorry, did you say that you had an email list already? Yeah. Okay. So because you already do have an email list, that would be really great. You could get some people into that even as like a beta test group to start out. And the regular price be like $1,000 for the year, but do a beta group at 500. See how many people come into that? And then see what kind of questions start coming in. See what they're starting to ask you about. See what they're starting to deal with as far as that goes? Right.

[755:05] Jinell Garcia: It's great. Great. Well, thank you. By the way, I appreciate just the way you are I love the I love the rawness. So thank you.

[757:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, it's funny, that's, that's come out more recently for me. Um, my mom is, I would say even more raw than I am. I'm more like her when I grew up. But I've been, I've been inspired by the fact that listen, anytime I've like, tried to be somebody I'm not it never worked out well, for me. Yeah, anytime I tried to become something softer or whatever, to be more palatable to people, I found it always backfired more than anything else. And so the more I'm just me, people can tell like, that's, that's real, and it's legit. And listen, that's been one of the challenges for me, because I, I I mean, this is kind of a, I guess, you could say a damaging admission, but I grew up feeling like I like who I was, as a person was never good enough. And so, and a lot of that came through religion, and a lot of that came through shame and guilt and, and things like that. And so growing into who I am today, the byproduct of that is not necessarily filtering myself, right. Um, I got an interesting story, too. There have been times where I didn't filter myself and I got in trouble. I had a situation where I, I used to drink a lot, and I posted something on social media, and I got arrested for it for what I had said. So I learned like, Okay, I need to filter myself so that I don't get in trouble type of a thing. By changing Okay, where did that come from? It was a cry for help. It was loneliness. It was all about what are the root causes of that behavior? It's allowed me to remove that filter, because the authentic version of myself, Hey, I love who I am today. Yeah, I love the people, we get to impact and I don't have to become anybody because what you see is what you get. And that's, that's somebody that that is worth being around. And I didn't feel that way about myself a couple years ago, even. Yeah. Which is so interesting, because it wasn't anything my mom had taught me. It was just I had learned that through life.

[793:14] Jinell Garcia: We could pick things up sometimes. Yeah. Yeah.

[794:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would say I would, I would actually connect more with my dad. Yeah, be that way. Because honestly, you know, I saw I saw my dad. He divorced my mom about six years ago. And I saw him about a year ago and I realized like a this this. He's not somebody that I would aspire to be. He's not somebody that like and I realized, like all the negativity and like, like he wouldn't say he didn't say a word to me, but he just gave me a disapproving look the whole time I saw, you know, was never good enough for him.

[804:56] Jinell Garcia: Yeah. Yeah. Well your rawness and your authenticity, your rawness and your transparency brings a lot of authenticity. So it's very refreshing. Yeah. So thank you.

[807:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you're welcome. All right, thanks. Janelle. What's up, Marcus, how are you?

[809:01] Marcus Odell: I'm good. Can you hear me? Yes. All right. Yeah, great coaching, appreciate it. Um, yesterday, I mentioned to you about the sign language and, you know, dealing with parents and children that are deaf and family that the family coach to help communication with families. But I just put into the chat GPT, about a 12 week program of what will be the highest earning for me as far as revenue. And it gave me it just given the nature of your program, which combines ASL music, emotional growth and AI technology, here are the best collections from your list that are likely to appeal to high ticket market. My market ions are professionals and music, theater, and film industry is 35 to 50, creative

[824:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: content creator, creators, people who might want to have a career of being like an ASL interpreter. Hmm, that will be an interesting thing. Like how to how to like, get gigs doing that, things like that. So at that point, it's like, okay, there's maybe some skill sets, we're going to learn about marketing ourselves, things like that on that side. But I can see that being definitely I would say, if we're, if we're taking it to the extreme level, what's the most profitable way to apply these skills that you have? And here's something I'll encourage you with to Marcus. Was there a time in your life where you didn't know anything about ASL? Yes, yeah. And but there's a time in your life today where there's things that you don't know, either. So there's things and skill sets that you can learn over the next couple of years, that can even morph into something else that you could create, or a niche as far as that goes. And that's something that I encourage people in is, you know, taking the skill sets that you have today don't always have to be your forever niche that you have, you can grow, we can morph, we can evolve in different ways to really become and create the type of program and impact that we want to have. But taking what your skill set is to the most profitable, I would definitely say those probably sound fairly accurate. As far as that goes at the same time, they're gonna be a bit of a hard sell, because you're really gonna have to demonstrate that you got experience in those industries. And in those areas, and really create a framework as far as those go. Sounds can be a little bit of a challenge for you kind of putting together your framework, I think you could do it. But it's definitely a little bit of outside of the realm of what we were talking about initially, with families and parents and stuff like that goes, I do like your original idea as far as just kind of making that connection around. Parents, maybe even somebody that can help them when it goes to their their kids that are in career transition, or they're teenagers or things like that. I think that that was really cool.

[855:44] Marcus Odell: Thank you. I'm just thinking about those that are willing to pay. Yeah. And many children and you know, CRD spend a lot of money on your family, you see that?

[858:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's very true. Yeah, it's

[859:03] Jake Adams: very true. Okay, program for four weeks. Well, Andy got limited

[860:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: time to as far as that goes. So that is definitely something to keep in mind. This is why I say to though, when you're starting out the here's one of the number one things I want everybody here to do. Because there's a magic that happens with this, it starts selling something. So like the dream is selling 10k programs and you got all these, you got like 10 clients and you made 100k off like that's that that's the ultimate dream. But but even just selling 10 people on $100 program, or a $500 program, or even a $7 something of value that you can get people to buy from you. And that helps you validate your niche and an offer as far as that goes. Because if you're struggling to get somebody to invest $7 or $20 into something, it's going to be 10 times harder to sell them on a $10,000. And so that's where it's a great way to do market research is on the like the lower ticket scale, as we do our testing with like lower ticket offers. And then we start to build the ladder that leads to the high ticket from there. Oh, cool. Cool. Yeah. Because that's the thing like if I get I would say in the last week, the last Two weeks, we sold 7150, we sold about 220. VIP accesses across the three webinars and this VIP that we're doing right now. So that's 250 sales that I made between seven and $27. So that validates to me that what I'm offering has value that people want to buy at that level. Now am I going to get 250 people that are going to buy my coaching program over that? No, but there will be a few people that do eventually buy my coaching program. Through that process, we validate it with the lower ticket offer. And then we move people along by building the know like and trust in us that they trust that we're able to deliver that our program is able to deliver the results, that the result is what they want. And that we're able to actually do that we're not just a fly by night operation operation, that we're somebody that's going to be there for the long haul with them. And then by building that trust, that's what leads to be able to make the kind of sales that you want to make.

[897:42] Marcus Odell: Sure, I thank you for your time. There is a pressing question about the GPT says that the latest and greatest. And I'd have been brainstorming you think like the the Einstein mind that could actually put it together? How would you use the latest GPT and your coaching and still GPT to clients or I haven't brainstorm it. So one of

[904:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: the things that I'm going to do is because I have a lot of courses, and I got a lot of transcripts. So I can actually load my course transcripts into a GPT. And make that be I'm about to create one here soon that does Facebook ads, that's actually loaded up with my whole methodology for Facebook ads, I'm going to load that into it. And it's a GPT that will create even better Facebook ads than just what you get out of the box a chat CBT and I'm deciding do I give that away for free? Or do I make that just available to people that are in my program? haven't decided that yet. Okay, but the chat GBT prompts that I have are kind of that I give those away because I think that they're really, really helpful to be able to do that. So we'll break down how to use a lot of that, again, we're gonna do a lot of chat GBT stuff tomorrow and on the next day as well. So I was kind of building the foundations setting up to we're going to be doing a lot of active chat GPT work tomorrow to really help you start to put this stuff together. Okay. All right, everybody. So anyways, hey, thanks for being here. Thanks for being here for this q&a here today. Thank you, Jeremiah. Yeah, and I will see y'all tomorrow. Talk soon.

