VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-09-26T20:28:33.000Z
Duration: 51 min
Otter ID: 9x2wJZAuw2SXuZS0-y_gvh7mPOc
---

[1:41] Speaker 0: Right

[3:56] Speaker 0: invite link, there's Washington recording. We're gonna go live in our Facebook group here

[11:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: CGI There we go. All right, let everybody in.

[13:25] Speaker 0: Hello. Hello. Welcome.

[14:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome, everybody. Welcome. Hello, hello, hello.

[15:36] Speaker 0: All right.

[16:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Somebody mentioned on the on the frogger training today, if you guys don't have this book, The Ultimate Sales Letter, you absolutely want to make sure you pick it up. It's on Amazon, I think it's on Kindle Unlimited, you can access it as well. A lot of the framework is broken down really well as far as what to put together and your sales letters. When I read this book for the first time last year, it followed the exact process that we had always done and that we had taught people how to do with sales letters, and I hadn't even read the book before. But it was exactly the formula that we show you and those chat GBT prompts that we use, those prompts are what produce all of our sales copy, they produce all the best sales letters for our clients. And you can trust like when you go through that you iterate a few times with it, that the quality is going to be really good to the copy, especially when you can test it out there, which is really cool. So this book will give you a great education on writing and sales copy. Dan Kennedy, just a plug for him if you can read any book that he's written, he's amazing. I love his book on on time management, which really is just a boundaries book. If you don't, one of the things we got to realize Time management is just self governance and boundaries with other people that's ultimately, like what real time management is. And then he has one on like, wealth mindset that I really like a lot. It's I listened to that one probably every six months, which is cool. Anyways, in our VIP here, raise your hands just like yesterday asked any questions, let's kind of continue what we were talking about here, we're going to be diving deeper into the more the tech aspects of putting the funnels and platforms and stuff together, you got any questions about that, feel free to ask anything related to that related to putting your offer together, getting more clients in your business, how all this fits together. I know today might have been a little bit of a firehose of content, but I had to get some of that that upfront, to lay the foundation of what we're going to be talking about a lot of what I talked about today, I don't even talk about normally until like day four of an event like this, and I decided to talk about it on day two instead. Because I think that it's going to help you understand the rest of everything. by really understanding that Hero's Journey framework, and thinking of all of your offers and your business. From that perspective. I filter everything through that no matter what I'm doing, no matter what we're offering. So raise your hand if you have any questions that you want to ask here.

[61:40] Speaker 0: Today.

[63:40] Speaker 0: Don't be shy. Sup Michelle, how are you? Michelle Kinetico camp.

[65:52] Speaker 2: Hello. Yeah, you got it. Right. Good job. When you're going through your teaching, you mentioned about you know, the freebie giving away something to bring someone in. And then you talked about how there should be a low price offer. So what I'm trying to figure out is I'm going to start a grief support group from the people that I brought into my Facebook group I have about 100. And I'm wondering if I should charge a little something just to get their commitment. I don't really think I want to Yeah, I don't want to charge a lot because this is I'm brand new at it. I want to get some testimonies and stuff like that. What do you think the price point should be?

[77:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, so I like one of my favorite price points is $7 as like a really low level because For the people who are not going to invest $7, or maybe 17, or 27, I like anywhere between seven and $27. Because it's low commitment. It's also like it doesn't, it doesn't hurt a lot. There's not like a lot of pain behind like, Okay, I'm spending seven bucks on this, the person who's spending that isn't feeling like they're risking a whole lot to get that and they're like, Hey, let's see what happens with this. So I like seven bucks, especially if you're wanting to get case studies as the goal, because then you'll get more volume of people, the higher price you go, the less people will start to, we'll start to join you, you know, you charge 27, you'll probably have like 30 to 50%, as many people as if you charge seven less people will will will spend more money. But the more that cost, the more committed they are, as well. Whoo, to the actual process. So that's, that's the flip side of that, you know, I had a, I had one of my clients, she went out, launch something 27 bucks, only two people bought it. And I was like, you might have done better to charge seven bucks and had like 10 to 15 people in front of you, I think that would have done better in the long run, instead of trying to charge more. And interestingly enough, though, one of those two people actually bought her $1,000 program, she spent, you know, 200 bucks on ads, two people ended up buying it for 27, one of them became a paid client. So it's kind of like this interesting thing, it all ended up working out in the long run because of how qualified the person was. But I also I like getting the data from having a handful of people like at least 1015 On the low end. Because that gives you a enough, like, when you get a group of people like 1015 people, even in a group like this, on this VIP here today, 22 people, you know, we're only going to hear questions from about half the people that are here. And so and then those half of those people are the ones that really are like, sort of speaking for the rest of the audience and stuff like that kind of, which is why it's important to speak up when we have forums like this, to be able to get the most value for yourself, you know, don't just rely on I'm speaking to everybody else here. Don't just rely on somebody else to ask a question that you might want to ask. So just a little challenge there for you. I'm gonna start. I'm start putting my coaching hat on here and challenging you guys as we go deeper into this. So

[121:27] Speaker 2: so my program is originally 12 weeks for that amount of money. Can I shorten it and still feel okay about that? I don't really want

[123:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: weeks. What are you charging right now for it?

[125:08] Speaker 2: Well, if they're doing the coaching program only, once I started, it will be 497.

[126:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so you haven't sold it yet, though. Oh, okay. So yeah, so you didn't have like a test run, you could do 197 or 97. You could do 197, like a 50% off. Initial, you could say it's 80% off as well. And kind of like say we're thinking about charging 997 for this. And then we'll come out you can charge for 97. But I think that that would be good. So that you would make a little bit of money. If you're doing 12 weeks, you want to make a little bit of money off of that have a little bit more commitment from people. So again, I didn't know how long it was, you had just I was purely considering based off of the information that you were wanting to maybe charge something for something so

[138:33] Speaker 2: right. Well, I'm also considering shortening it and just having it a pre holiday thing, you know, pre

[140:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so do that. Yeah, definitely. Then you can go 27 Seven Bucks. Yeah, like that. Okay.

[142:12] Speaker 2: Great, thank you.

[142:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Price price points. Interesting, because it's basically, I see it as a lever to decide how many people were going to have come through the door. And if you're running paid ads, the higher price it is, the more it almost proportionately starts costing you to get people to buy from it from an advertisement as well. So that's, that's one side of it. Since you said you got these people that they're kind of warmed they're warmed up to you already. That'll be a different scenario where there, you'll probably get a good handful of them. jumping in on this with you. Yeah, very cool. All right. Um, you know, the other Michelle that's on here

[155:10] Speaker 0: have you

[155:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I'm new. Yeah, unmute yourself. There you go.

[156:14] Speaker 3: Yeah, it's Hi. Yeah, because I'm doing long as I'm doing this, and I right now, on on the platform that I'm on right now, is this There's Kajabi. And, um, I created like a couple of funnels, and I'm just trying to, you know, figure out what is the best route for me to go? You know, a newbie, and I just want to make sure that, like, I haven't gotten any clients, I haven't made any sales. So I'm just trying to find out what is the best route for me to go? And I have a two part question like, also like fever. I've heard people have gotten like emails from there. Is that

[167:52] Speaker 0: legal? That's my question. I've

[168:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: gotten emails from where,

[169:24] Speaker 3: from fever? Some people have bought emails, and I've heard of that. Is that legal? Because I've heard different things about it. And I don't want to do anything. That's not.

[172:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not Yeah, I don't know about the legalities of getting emails from source of that I've never done that we usually, because here's the thing, if you're just getting those emails, you're gonna have to send them some offer to qualify them, to filter them and then build trust with them. We got to think about it this way. And I had mentioned this yesterday. People don't just by information, because information is good information anymore. Unless it comes by a referral from somebody else, right? Me referring you to check a book out like this, like now, the trust that you have in me, you might check a book out like this, because of its information. But but trust is the big factor that's most important is creating a an opportunity for you to build trust with people so that they get to experience what it's like working with you, and get to make an educated decision to work with you versus somebody else. And so that's the most important factor to all of this is being able to create a mechanism that allows you to find the right people for whatever it is that you're offering, again, what's your niche? What's your topic? What do you what are you coaching or mentoring? Well,

[194:44] Speaker 3: basically, I mean, it happens to be with the mindset of a person as far as like business and you know, in order to move forward in life, whatever. Okay? So it's the mindset of the person. That's what I basically mentioned, like, okay,

[199:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what, what will make somebody sign up with you versus somebody else that's out there and enjoying your program?

[202:43] Speaker 3: Well, I think it happened, like you said before, you have to have trust in the person. So I guess it's how I present myself how I, I guess, deliver the message that I'm trying to help them. And, yeah, and knowing what I'm talking about, as far as maybe certain experiences I went through and like, but I didn't let this stop me, I can't move well, that's

[208:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: really good. Yes. And so then bring those experiences into the sales copy of an offer that you put out there. So then what you do is you find a way to get 50 to 100 of those people that want to learn from your experience, to solve a problem that you can solve, get them in front of you. And then you're able to and when we talk about how you present yourself, I'll say this, and it has very little to do with like, making everything look all professional and fancy or anything like that low tech non fancy, works better because of how authentic it is. What it is, is is your ability to connect with people and then believing, okay, I have this problem here. Michelle can solve this for me if I if I start working with her. And then that's how you're able to present yourself in the on the video presentation that you're giving where you give value and you deliver that to people with some kind of an offer. So what you're gonna want to do is you're gonna take some of your methodology, some of your framework, and you want to identify a key problem that you solve and you want to give that away for free for in exchange for them, giving you their email address, and then committing to listening to some kind of a video, talk or presentation from you. And then from there inside of that video, talk or presentation, you're able to sell them on your your paid programming offer. That's the that's the process that works. That's the most effective no matter what niche you have, whether you're just starting out, or whether you have a lot of experience. Now when you're just starting out, it can be a bit of a challenge because you're gonna have to really experiment and see okay, if I say this, how do people respond? If I put it out this way? How do they respond, doing that market research of testing how people react and respond to you? testing to see If they're gonna even show up to listen to you, you know, that's the first stage that we're selling people on. That's why having the right auto responder Email Setup, that's why setting up the funnel in a way that makes it very easy for people, they they're excited for what they're registering for, you know, it's not just that you have this thing, you want something that's going to light people on fire that they're joining you for. And that's what you're sort of, you're building this experience for them to be able to get one step closer to a goal that they have. And that's what helps you close sales.

[249:47] Speaker 0: Thank you. Yeah,

[250:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's exactly what during these five days, we're discussing, building out an offer around that. And that's what in my accelerator program, we work with you through crafting and developing and making sure that it's all lining up, right. Yeah,

[254:02] Speaker 3: that's what I need to take. I think going up.

[255:31] Speaker 0: All right, you Thank you.

[255:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you, Karen, Karen Stouffer,

[257:13] Speaker 4: I am here. Hope you don't mind if I let my camera off, I've taken this time to sit in my infrared sauna. So no. So I have had a health and wellness business for a couple of years. And we do massages, anything infrared sauna, detoxes, health coaching all of that. And I've done one to one. And I've never had much of an online presence just because I didn't need it, like word of mouth has been my advertisement. And my business has grown quite a bit. But now I want to take it to the next level. And do like online coaching. And so not having an online presence. What is my first step with that? Well, the website and I have a Facebook page, but it just, you know, I don't

[270:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: mind you, the fact that you have one to one referrals and all of that, I would document as much of those as you can see if you can get some of those referrals to write down like a testimony for you if you don't have any. Okay? Because that's helpful, because you already have that, that you've that's really an asset that you have, you know, that we talk about. It's It's a clever phrase in personal development, like your network is your net worth. But like, I see that as like, you have a network that you built, people that have results with you that would be willing to vouch for you. So now you're, even though you don't have an online presence, you can turn that into an online actually an online presence from day one by having documented those testimonies and case studies. So that's step one, two, there's really good news for you like now today is that you, you don't need to have an established page on social media to be able to be successful with getting clients through an online platform, if you have the case studies, if you have the testimonies. And I would go put maybe some video content on on a social media platform, just so that's there just so you're connecting with people. But even with a brand new page. Again, because you have the case studies, it's like 10, it's like 10 times easier. Um, now all you got to do is you just gotta go find more people that you don't know who they are already, that are just like the people that you've always worked with. Okay. And that's really what you're looking for, you're just you're basically looking for one to one people that are they they're very much just like the people that you've already worked with. Now, one thing that you want to look into, is I don't are all of your clients kind of around the same issue topic or niche? Or are they really wide ranging?

[302:29] Speaker 4: It's a pretty wide range, I would say,

[303:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: is usually the case with one on one coaching, it's usually a lot more wider.

[304:12] Speaker 4: Right? Typically we start with some labs and then we just pursue whatever it is that they're looking for. Okay,

[305:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: so is there a common lab and a more common problem or symptom that you notice that people come to you for? That is a pattern across most of your clients?

[309:30] Speaker 0: Yeah, there would be okay.

[310:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's what you can do is you can you can find people that are looking to do that similar exact type of work with a similar type of symptom. One of the things when it comes to health coaching and building a health business through social media, is they they don't necessarily always let you advertise or market around the end result which is makes it a little bit harder because that is the best way to mark it. But if you mark it around the symptom and the problem, you can mark it all day around symptoms and problems and they will let you put your advertisement out there, they'll let you they won't block you. But as soon as you say, this got a result, now, it steps into what they don't allow you to advertise for when it comes to like health claims and stuff. So that's the only caveat for a health business. But it's not a huge one. Because when you can demonstrate and really what it is, is your testimony start to speak for you as to the result on the page, not your headline, your headline talks about the problems, and then you got testimonies of people that you've solved the problem for, that comes together really well, there's a few nuances to it for health coaching, that we'll want to keep in mind. But either way, that's what you would do is you would still do the same thing, you create an offer, where you're able to connect with people do a presentation that's at a group setting, one to many, not one to one, and then you can filter them even either into more one on one clients, or you develop a group program where you might have like the same lab or test that people take, you're coaching people at scale in a group, you're providing information, maybe you have new courses and stuff that they get access to each month, there's different ways of developing this out to provide value to people.

[339:29] Speaker 0: So okay, all right.

[340:33] Speaker 4: Thank you appreciate it.

[341:05] Speaker 0: Definitely. Denise What's up

[343:12] Speaker 5: sorry, hello. Tech set, not tech savvy all the time. Okay. Um, so I'm kind of in the same boat as both the last to talk them. I'm a transformational mindset coach. But I also work with how to break down limiting beliefs and to clear them and move them forward. And so I'm the same way I've been one on one. Um, and I've been mostly referral. Done a few vendors here or there, but mostly referral, but I tend to work with more businesses is kind of what it's morphing into. Um, so I like what you said about her with a testimony using case studies, I can get that. Um, and I do have as a video guy that I can get some video done, and get that posted. But my, the struggle that I'm having, and maybe it is imposter syndrome. I don't know. Since joining your mom on that VIP. I'm starting to see how she, she works with a group of people where I keep thinking that, how do I do what I do when I'm not one on one with them?

[363:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Gotcha. You're in my mom's VIP Sachs Group.

[364:41] Speaker 5: Yeah, I just joined after Austin. And that was wonderful. Cool. Thank you.

[365:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you were you. Were you there in Austin with us?

[366:20] Speaker 5: I was I was awesome.

[366:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool.

[367:22] Speaker 5: Yeah, I had never seen or heard about you guys. And I went and had it. But but I also had written an identity of who I who my future person was going to be. Yeah. And so I want to create a way to start time is is like, I don't want to keep booking out more and more appointments. I want to go more into like a group coaching or maybe even a high level coaching. And that's, it's like the jump from one to one I can get my clients to move, but I'm stuck. So obviously I gotcha.

[377:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. I can relate with that. I was that way for years where I could get other people to move and get results. And I felt really stuck myself. It was one of those things that like I like I cried. Sometimes, like literally, like, upset, like, why is this that I'm struggling so hard. With this myself. For me, a big part of just going through my own mental health journey helped with a lot of that, and then starting to see myself as what I tell our clients is starting to see myself as this as an elite CEO, business owner that I really am and starting to embody what I think that my clients want to become somebody who is confident, somebody who believes in themselves, somebody who's going out there and and reaching their goals and, and hitting different milestones like that. And so that was one of those steps is first off embodying the results that we want that is a shift in identity that can take some time. It can take some some inner work to be able to do that. Now when it comes to coaching a group of people with like what you do, there's a framework for that. There's their systems for that. You know, in my accelerator program, we break down how to actually set up that. But let me explain how it works when we like how a group coaching program works. You're in my mom's group coaching program, a lot of what I do is follows very similar format. We got a Facebook group my mom uses tribe, it's a little bit different. I use a Facebook group. I answer questions throughout the week from people, you know how my mom answers on Discord, same kind of things, you want to have some mechanism, we're gonna answer questions throughout the week, whether it be discord or Facebook group, both work really well. You want to have some live interaction on video at least once a week with people. And then if there's more training that you've got to give people because I find for myself, you know, there's so many nuances to business that I still have barely scratched the surface on what I could probably even share with people. So I'm continuously creating new classes that actually go into my members area that people have access to, like we just finished a class in AI accelerator. Outsourcing and team building how to hire people, we're even putting together a database of people that you can outsource and hire to to work with, to help build your business. i We're about halfway through a class on MailChimp how to use MailChimp to set up all of your emails and autoresponders how to use MailChimp. We just finished a brand new Facebook ads class that's all updated, that walks people through that because there's different nuances and I made this one really simplified. We're starting next month, we're doing one on how to come up with like, the best content that serves your clients really well. A month ago, I just completed a brand new sales copy class about Chachi beauty. So I'm adding these new depending on the nuanced areas that people want to learn. In our group, I'm adding new trainings to our group each week, and you don't need to do it each week. By the way, my mom always did it with her inner circle as every other week. That was a really good pace. Rick Pino did the same thing every other week. And I refer back to him because he did really well of only working like five hours a week and have an a multimillion dollar business. My mom does really well, I've only working five to 10 hours a week and having an incredible business. And what it is, is you got to look out, okay, we got boundaries that we got to have, how often are you willing to show up, figure that out, First, figure out what you want, like your lifestyle look like as a coach, figure out how you want to serve your clients best, what results you want to produce, and then you work backwards as to Okay, how much access you're going to give people as part of the group program. And so then that access, you can sort of add and take away different features. For instance, my mom, she and her stocks group, it's incredible. She meets with people every single morning, opening bell, the trade stocks, I don't meet every morning with people in my group. Just simply put, that's not that's not going to work for my lifestyle that I've created for myself. But I create opportunities, where we meet often enough that I'm able to serve everybody who's in there. So it's like designing it. There's there's some fluidity as to how much you need to show up and what features to have to come up with that'll help you kind of piece some of this together. Does that help answer your question? Or was there another another part of that that you wanted to ask?

[457:04] Speaker 5: No, that makes sense, because I already have been able to work with an insurance company, which I'm getting a lot of referrals off of. And so I'm already doing webinars paid. They're paying when people sign up and take these webinars on these training classes with me already. So you just gave me a great idea I could do like a group coaching. And part of that group coaching is these webinars that I've already I've already got, like that has been awesome. I've got all the PowerPoints I got everything done for all of that, that's walking through belief systems and things like that things that that people don't think about. So that's a great idea that that's that's a big part of that ongoing group coaching. And that's a way of getting them to come in and commit to a year or six months instead of just trying to keep advertising one here one there in one there because sometimes I really great turnout and then sometimes I don't, but I still put a great amount of effort into Yeah,

[476:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely. Okay, and then what it is, is we have Okay, so that's like our fulfillment side of it, fulfilling the business, fulfilling the coaching, then we got the sales and marketing side of x Like getting brand new people in there. And that's where having an offer that you're marketing to people. And it's like, it's so interesting, just one word or two can change, who shows up to the offer, what type of person is going to show up what their goals are. And not everybody is a good fit. You know, a year and a half ago, I remember I did one of these trainings like this. And there was a lady on there single Jeremiah, can you show me how to build a coaching business without the internet, and I was like, I mean this nicely, but that's not what I do. Like, and she was like, upset by that. And she's like, well, the name of your class was build a coaching business. And I was like, oh, man, like, I didn't make it clear enough in the offer that this is an online internet thing. So that was like, Okay, I had to take that to mind, I need to make sure that nobody who doesn't like the internet as actually registering for, because that's a waste of my ad dollars, it's a waste, you know, as much as I'd love to help them by this. Somebody who doesn't want to build online, they're adamantly pretty much already sold on the fact that they don't want to be online. So I'm not gonna try to convince them otherwise, I want to attract more of the people that want to build online. And trust me, there's plenty of them out there. I think there's like, there are so many people, as you niche down that that have a specific problem that you can solve. We don't really need to convince people that are not that aren't a good fit that they need to work with us. It's rather just finding more of the ones that are a good fit. Is that is really the goal.

[505:39] Speaker 5: And that seems to be my problem. Like I have all the different pieces, but I don't have them pulled together. Like I have the email list that that's been slowly put together, but it's not a real great email us but I do have like 500 people on it. I've got

[509:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's actually a pretty good list. Honestly, you could takes about 600 people in my experience to hit a consistent six figure income.

[512:47] Speaker 0: Okay. Yep.

[513:24] Speaker 5: barely have a social media presence. I have I, I don't deal. Okay.

[515:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, this Dustin, it's all

[515:51] Speaker 5: these pieces.

[516:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like the social media presence side of things isn't as hugely as important as it used to be. I post on social media every day for the one purpose of just serving people who are following me. And I've developed a system where it takes me like no time at all, to create my content on my social media. So I don't, I don't spend. I record a podcast episode, I have somebody who edits those into short clips. As I come in to little ideas that I can think of throughout the day, I'm sharing them to my social media. Sometimes I'll have an idea. I'll go into chat GBT. Here's one of my favorite prompts. By the way, for social media. If you're ever wondering, I tell Chad GPT, you are an expert at Facebook. Engagement getting creating the most engaging organic posts on social media, can you rewrite the following posts for me to get maximum engagement. And it's not always perfect, but I'll have it regenerated a few times. And I'll usually get really good gold that comes out of it. So I'll type up kind of what my thoughts are like, I want to say this to people on social media. And then I'll have chat GPT rewrite it in a way that's way better than I could have could have wrote it. And I've found just doing that in the last month, about 50 to 70% of what I post, I do it that way. And those posts are actually getting more engagement from people. And they're actually resonating with people better because it's helping me express my thoughts in a way that resonates with a mass audience, which is really cool. So

[540:13] Speaker 0: all right. Sherry, thanks for taking Yeah. Sherry, how are you? Let's unmute your microphone here. Okay,

[544:11] Speaker 6: can you hear me now?

[544:39] Speaker 0: Yes. Okay.

[545:36] Speaker 6: This has been great. And I have in the last couple of days just learned so much. Thank you, too. I was wondering if, if this like I'm in a network marketing company, and I love what I'm doing, I'm helping healthy aging. And so I love that but I also am wanting to go into you know, group coaching and maybe, you know, I know I can't present this and advertise the company but do it like in a way like mind body and heart.

[557:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you combine the two together to where you're able to you focus on the goals that they have the mind again, Mind Body heart, like you could build a whole coaching program. him around that you can 100% have a product that's on the side of that, that you're promoting to people that you're like this product is incredible, it's helped. That's a great use. That's a great way to have sort of even like two type of income streams. I'm not a like direct. Lee, I don't love network marketing. Again, my first company, I worked with Dusty global Danny johnson.com. It was a network marketing, sales coaching company. And honestly, I wasn't a big fan of network marketing myself. But I love sales and marketing. And I love I think it's great. Build a coaching program have a product that you love, build a community of people. That's a that's a great fit. I think you could totally do that.

[572:02] Speaker 6: Okay, that was my question. And now you did say earlier on don't use the word health and our make any promises. Is that quite good, I understand you to say that.

[576:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you just got to be cautious as far as the results that you are implying a promise to that's health related. But one of the big ones is just like if you show they will not let you run like before and after weight loss photos on that just automatically denied. They might not even let you run, you know, saying like, I healed this issue that I was dealing with, but you can 100% talk about, Hey, are you struggling with having more energy? Do you want to feel way more vibrant in your life. And finally feel like you know, you used to 1015 years ago, that type of language is totally fine with the Facebook ads. So there's just there's a little bit of a nuance as to in running advertising, how we have to word it so that they approve the ads. And so specifically, like when it comes to health coaching, there's a few things we got to test. When it comes to that, again, from what you're describing. Yours is a little bit more of a holistic, like life, Mind Body Soul spirit type thing. And then that you you probably wouldn't have to be very cautious as far as the language that you use. If you were just selling just a straight, like health and fitness type of a thing. And that was it, then you got to be a little bit more cautious. They're just a little bit more careful when it comes to just just that, but what you're describing is generally not an issue.

[600:38] Speaker 0: Okay, okay. Thank you.

[601:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, we've, we haven't ran campaigns around faith healing. And, like, they approved it, like, you know, we I had a client who taught this faith healing class, and they approved the ads that literally said, like, you know, get healed in Jesus name this class. Like, they literally approved that as an advertising. It was kind of crazy. I was like, they're not gonna approve this. And they did. I was. So it was, that was interesting. As far as that goes, it's kind of hit or miss as far as what they approve. I would say try out your advertisement. If it's denied, then we edit it. But I wouldn't worry too much about that overall.

[614:07] Speaker 6: Okay. Okay. And by the way, I met you when you were a very young boy yet. Danny Johnson's. Yeah.

[616:59] Speaker 0: You and your man was very young. You were telling you

[618:12] Speaker 6: 20 years old. And I've told my son about you for years.

[619:40] Speaker 0: That's all. Yeah.

[620:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, me, me and me. And Hans, we're all we always really connected. I always looked up to him as one of my first mentors that I had. I think even like how I teach today, I kind of borrow a little bit from some of like, the energy that I learned from him a little bit. And so yeah, it's funny, just full circle. I meet people all the time that I've met throughout every stage of my journey, which is cool. So

[626:40] Speaker 6: yeah, I would love for my son to meet you and talk to you sometime.

[627:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, my podcast and my YouTube got a lot of a lot of great content. So

[629:02] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you, Gemma. Yeah. Have a good one. You as well. All right,

[630:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Francoise.

[632:02] Speaker 7: How you doing Jeremiah?

[632:25] Speaker 0: Good. How are you? Awesome. Awesome. Thank

[633:02] Speaker 7: you all as as usual. Awesome. Awesome value. Well, yeah, I was stuck at work. So I was trying to listen without being on my phone, looking. And then the q&a so I'm finally in the car. Now I didn't want to move so I don't lose my signal.

[638:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you'll really like today's like session. If you can go back and watch it. It'll be really

[639:20] Speaker 7: Yeah. Oh, definitely. I listened to The whole thing I just couldn't see cool. All right, yeah, yeah. So my question is, in regards to building the group, I actually started, I took the initiative yesterday and said, Okay, enough talk, I started a group, I didn't make it live. I went in there and recorded a welcome video for my tribe for my future tribe.

[647:06] Speaker 0: And

[647:52] Speaker 7: I'm looking into that freebie offer, I kind of have a couple of books actually wrote a book that I'm that I'm actually publishing in the next month or two, in regards to my niche, and overcoming health related adversity, maximizing your potential, so not necessarily healing it, not necessarily healing it. So helping and mentoring those who are dealing with those challenges, and given them the methodology to do so. And starting the group like that, do you think that's a good approach in terms of building some content and putting it in there? And then going live? Or is that a bit of procrastination? Instead of what should I just start to group? Without, you know, get my get my landing page going and get my link to the freebie offer? And should I just start like that? Or should I build the way you think I'm building now is that a good approach,

[664:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would start with having the offer and building kind of the way you are now I would just kind of do both. As much as as much as having an offer is really important. Because you got something you can send people to it. Oh my goodness. Okay. My greatest regret that I have in the last five years is I didn't have an offer to send people to until like, two years or year and a half ago. So I had all this great content, but I didn't have something to send people to. Well, in the offer that I had what actually I did have an offer, it was schedule a free call with me. And that's all it was. So that title, it was an offer. I got 400 People that scheduled calls with me over first couple years. 300 of them were a big waste of my time. I mean, nice people, but I like right, they were they were not a good fit. A lot of them needed a therapist, and they were looking for just somebody to listen to them. And you know, I spent that time I had promised to them. Like if I promised somebody, I'm gonna spend 15 minutes with you. I'm gonna go all in on that 15 minutes. Like, that's just my personality, right? So like with that, though, I'm like, Okay, I'll get off the call. And I'm like, That was that was a waste of time overall, but like, you know, nice person. But what I that's what I had identified, it was valuable for me to do that. In this one sense. I was so blind to even the value that I think I could present to the marketplace back then. Because I realized, there were 100 of those people that actually had become a one on one client with me. Now I was selling my one on one coaching for like pennies too, because I didn't really even like believe in myself as much. There's a lot of factors as to that like, even just a couple of years ago, I had the success, but I didn't believe in myself as very, like, didn't make sense to me didn't make sense to most people. But that's always the case. It's like people like How can you claim to have that much success and not believe in yourself? That's what trauma get you? Yeah, I mean, you know, yeah, exactly. That's exactly what it was. And so, um, with that, like I had that offer, but I wish I had some kind of an offer, that was something that they would sign up with their email address, and they would listen to some training from me, whether it be to get access to a book, whether it be to get access to a recorded training, something like that, because I was I would send people to my podcast episodes, but half the time, they wouldn't even listen to them. And I would send people like these different pieces of content. But half the time people weren't really even paying attention to it. So a lot of the what I was putting out there I was putting, I mean, you go back i There were just gems and draw, and Jeff bombs that I was dropping every single day and my content, and like nobody was consuming it. But I knew. I think part of what helped me keep going is because of the experience that I didn't have. I knew eventually I would make it work. I knew eventually I would get it to where I'm at now. But I feel like I wasted so much time trying to do the content thing. Having an offer out there and using my content to push people to an offer to where I could then present something to sell to people. And so if I can go back like in time, I would from day one do exactly what I'm saying here on this is why why I tell people that have some kind of an offer still make the content. I think it's great if the content Have the Facebook group connect with people keep doing that inside of it, but have something for them to sign up for with their name and email address that's gonna make, you're gonna deliver value to people, right, and you're gonna present something for sale in it, where even if just what you're presenting for sale is only like seven bucks, right thing as a next step to keep engaging with you. And then at the end of whatever you have, have some kind of a call to action. Even if it's something free, that's the next thing to do, or you got a free training. And then you're like, hey, go grab this other free training at the end of it. That builds a lot of trust with people too, especially if you go from like one free training to another one. That's kind of why I even do that as part of my model, because I think it shows that like, I'm really wanting to deliver value first before I actually ask to buy anything from me. And I think that that people can see that. And I also just, I love helping people and seeing the results that come out of it. So that's how I've been able to give back. I just I love seeing people get results.

[738:09] Speaker 7: All right. So I have the I have I have my ebook, the freebie. I'm recording, I started the group recording recording content as we speak. So I might as well just make it live and start making content. Okay. Sounds good.

[742:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And then put put an offer together where they sign up with their email address, or some kind of a promised little like, micro outcomes. That could be it. You might have a system that has this, like big outcome focus on one sliver of that outcome for your free offer. You know, I've done that, like I did Facebook ads one week, I did webinar, right. I did offer creation, those are elements of my whole system, right hatching. And really, it all comes together in these five days here as part of the system goes. So I'm glad you're here, Francois.

[751:40] Speaker 7: Thank you so much. I appreciate you.

[752:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: You too. All right. Britt, Brigita. Brigita. Board DRO.

[756:23] Speaker 8: Hi, Jeremiah. Hello. Hi, I have a quick question. I don't know why my video is not let me in. But as it relates to chat GPT, do you recommend purchasing a $20? For just using a free version?

[760:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, the free version is not very good at all. It's actually really bad. i It's sad that they even offer it because it's like, it's not good. And it's funny. I hear so many people like Chad GPT is crap. And I'm like, Are you using GPT for? And they're like, No, I haven't. I'm like, okay, yeah, because the free version really, you get what you pay for and the value of the paid version is exponentially better. Especially when it comes to sales and marketing because where it excels is in reasoning. And okay thing together complex concepts and emotions. So the free version is not good at doing that. And that's a lot of what it takes to really create good sales copy. And so that's why the prompts that we have worked the best with that paid version overall, they're adding a bunch of really cool features to the paid version to there, they're going to have it very soon generate high quality graphics where you can even have it add text straight in there, where you tell it what you'd want the graphic to be, I would have a feeling you'll be able to create your Facebook ads right in chat GPT completely within the next six to 12 months. Like all that like the like the graphics and everything. And even your headers and all of that. It's not quite there yet. What I like to decide note for graphics use Canva there's no there's no better tool out there than Canva. Okay, but.com is great for graphics because they have millions of templates and you just type in your topic in there and it makes beautiful graphics. All of our graphics are made in Canva, which is cool. So, but yeah, paid version, the chat GPT that's not even really not worth it to even. I don't think I've used the free version since it came out back in December. So

[790:56] Speaker 8: Okay, excellent. So I'll upgrade to Yeah, all

[791:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Cool. Well, hey, I know we started a little bit later here. Is there any any other questions? Before we wrap up here today? Before we wrap up? Our time here, going once, going twice or forever? Hold your Peace Alright, everybody, we're gonna we're going to close it out here. Thanks for being here. Thanks for being here for you. Day Two of the training of the VIP tomorrow is going to be great because I'm going to really spend more time diving into the nuance of the messaging that's going to attract the right clients to you. And I would say that this is probably one of the most valuable parts of this five days is what what we're going to be going over tomorrow. So we're also going to be going over how do you piece together some of those technological elements? How do you set up the Facebook ads? How do you set up the actual presentation? How do you deliver your content? Well, and then how do you actually turn all of this into more sales for your business, right? You can put an offer out there, but if it's not producing sales, it's, you know, it's a it's a waste of time, and it's disappointing. So let's create something that works. That's what we're gonna be doing here this week. So, thanks, everybody, for being here. And we'll talk soon. See you tomorrow.

