2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND WEDNESDAY
Date: 2023-12-27T21:43:19.000Z
Duration: 101 min
Otter ID: tHOaBBw4YzpHLwbelG6RM4Iyo3U
---

[0:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty. Here is our live bonus q&a. Oh man, I'm excited for this. I'm excited for this today

[6:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're gonna jump on in here. And we're gonna go live. Are we streaming perfect? We're streaming live All right. Let's do this. Bonus live q&a. Listen, if you want to come up with us. Jump in, click the Zoom, link if you're watching this is a live open q&a asked me anything. Merry Christmas, Happy New Year, everybody. We are past Christmas. We are going into the new year. And we're at that little kind of season where you know, I saw it said everybody's like, you know, what day is it today type of a thing. They don't know what day it is. Anyways, listen, if you want to jump up, if you want to get your questions answered, raise your hand. This is a live open q&a session. Anybody can ask questions. And so yeah, don't be shy. Come on up. And get your questions answered. If you want to jump into the Zoom call, we can bring you up on camera as as well. Which will be awesome. All right, everybody. So welcome to the live q&a. I just did a unique new style of podcast episode this week. And if you don't know this, we have a podcast with over 248 episodes now. The grow your life podcast, and this unique style that I did. I actually was playing the Madden video game. While I recorded the podcast sitting right here in my my office. I thought it was cool. It was able to help me kind of get into a flow state and, and do all that, which was really fun. So anyways, this is our live open q&a Right now, bonus q&a. If you got questions about building a coaching business, you got questions about the accelerator, which enrollment closes and ends tonight, you got questions about your landing page, maybe you're dealing with impostor syndrome. Maybe you are struggling to come up with ideas for your business and you just want to solve some problems, this is a chance to come on up and get those questions answered. So hey, don't be shy. I'm here to work with you. And to help you and answer those questions with you. If you're watching this on social media, hop on the Zoom call and and get your questions answered. Here's the thing, listen, okay, I'm gonna, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna shoot straight here. You know, at the possible chance that I may offend some people. And that's okay. And I made a decision this week, that if there are things that may offend people, that I say that but I stay silent. And it's something that can help them make money, that my integrity is at stake for me not saying those things. And I believe that integrity and honesty is an important thing. And so I am willing to lose potential business in order to help people make money and tell them the truth. Now, obviously, there's some tact to how we do that to how we have to say certain things. But I'll say this, and I'll say this, very simply put, if you're not making in your coaching, or course, business, selling courses and coaching online, if you're not making 100,000 a year, $200,000 a year, that proves that what you're currently doing is not working. And now you might say, Well, hey, you know, I'll make it in six months. In my experience without changing how people do things, the chances of that actually happening are very slim. And so what I want to make sure of is I want to make sure that you're able to make the kind of money that you want to make in your coaching your course business. You know, there's people that are watching this right now that maybe they're watching the recording or something, and they followed me for 10 plus years, and you're not making any money. only in a business? Why? That's my question. I don't mean to be disrespectful to anybody. But like, what have you been doing? And again, I'm sure you can come up with a laundry list of things, and good reasons why. And I don't mean this to sound critical. It sounds, it sounds critical, but we got to get self aware as to what are the things in the last six to 12 months that we know that we should be doing that we need to do to move the needle forward, and we need to decide going into the new year to start to do those things as well. And so a, of course, you know, in a, in this in this industry, in this business, it's important to speak the truth to people to tell them what's going to help them succeed. Um, it's important to not hold back, even if people don't like it. And it's important to tell people what is actually going to help them. I found this, you know, I've had an experience and the reason why I'm talking right now, if anybody has a question, raise your hand, I'd love to, I'd love to answer your question. This is an open bonus q&a right now. And so and so answer that, but you know, I've had situations where I spoke the truth to somebody about what was going to help their business. And it would be arrogant for me to say it's gonna help their business if I didn't have the track record. But I did have the track record, and their immediate response was Jeremiah, how effing dare you assume that about me. And it offended them beyond belief that I even thought that they were dealing with this. And then as we dug deeper, it usually had to do with the exact thing that I said, and so I, I've had this experience to where this is what I identify that the person needs to do, to change their life. And over the years, I have tiptoed around actually telling the person what it is that they need to do, because I don't want them to get reactive, upset or offended by the fact that I'm actually saying the thing that I identify. And, and to be honest, that is that's not helping anybody. And so, as coaches and mentors, I think we really need to stop worrying about upsetting people. And we need to, and we need to really speak the truth of what's going to help people even if it's tough, even if they get angry with us, even if they tell us that we're a horrible person, for saying those things. And so I think that that's an important, I think that's an important thing to do as a coach, I think, I think as a mentor, and as a coach, if you're not willing to do that, sometimes not all the time. I think that that can go into borderline like narcissism and psycho psychopathy. To where you're literally just lambasting people over the head about all the things they're doing wrong. I think that that's equally as bad. I think sometimes we got to point out the stuff that's not working instead of tiptoeing around it simply because we're worried about offending somebody's feelings. So Sue, what is up, I see your hand is raised, nobody else has got their hand raised. So how are you doing today? Welcome here, this is our bonus. Open q&a. Basically, I've sent this to my whole entire email list. Anybody ever can come up here and ask questions. Like anybody who is in contact with me can come up here and ask questions. You know, it's funny when I host these very few people start to ask questions. I think a lot of people are afraid, especially when I started out and make it sound like I'm about to rip into them, which I understand. But

[141:32] Sue McGarvie: let's go. I missed your call yesterday. And in Canada Boxing Day, the day after Christmas is a big holiday. So I'm having read this today. And and super pumped, because I have been you know, I wrote that I had that thought about you talking about this low ticket item running around my hand for this whole week. Yeah, I have been brainstorming because the last time I talked to I had done, I've done an offer. I call it might you know do find live in 2024. And I put up the $700 offer and I wanted 10 I got 7% from my group. I keep having trouble out of my own sphere of influence.

[152:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're not enough that was an area that we struggled with even with with Rick Pitino too, because he could close anybody who had followed him and we what we did was we pulled everybody to and they would join How long have you been following Rick for all the people who bought from him? At least over a year or two? Yeah, so anybody who just met him, we could barely get them to buy anything? Yeah.

[158:14] Sue McGarvie: So here's what I'm doing. I've set up a new patreon account because I I think we're gonna I'm looking low ticket and I'm thinking, okay, maybe if I get, you know, the the of the 15,000 people on my list, maybe, you know, I can get 500 of them to pay me the $5 a month because I you know, it's about the subscription, I'm working on the setting up a similar model to what you have, which is way more work than it looks. Jeremiah, you make it look really easy.

[166:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I'm getting easy. The more you do it, I think I'm

[167:23] Sue McGarvie: setting up this Facebook group for the seven people that I've got to coach and yeah, already working my butt. Yeah. And

[169:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a principle that I that I like to do is I always look at, like, what is the bare? We're taught in life like not to give the bare minimum, I honestly think it's a it's an important thing as a CEO, to figure out how can I get the most output with the least amount of input? Yep. And I think that I think that it's funny as like, as an like, if we come from, this is more for everybody else who's here. If you come from an employee mindset, we're told to not do that. But there's so many layers of things that you're already going to have a lot to do anyways, even if you're doing the minimum viable product, that's going to affect people overall. So I low ticket product thing. Because

[181:24] Sue McGarvie: that's my, how did you get there?

[181:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: How did I get there?

[182:19] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, what I'm trying to figure out the process. I said, I've got to work on my, you know, sort of my bigger offer their medium offer where I'm coaching a smaller group, but I really, I really think about the low ticket item. And I'm struggling, so yeah.

[186:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what do you say? How did you get there? What do you mean? What do you mean? What does that mean? I mean, I mean, can

[187:59] Sue McGarvie: you walk us through your process? You? You know, you said that you made a bunch of money doing a low ticket item? Oh, yeah. I'm trying to figure out, you know, I again, I'm gonna have to figure out what my low ticket item is. And I'm brainstorming, but if so the

[192:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: low ticket item and the low ticket item does not make you a profit, that's the key. Okay. So that's the most important part of it. Is it qualifies people, because there's a different psychology when somebody makes an investment, even as small as $7 or $20. That they're more qualified than somebody who say, just gave you their email address for free. And so it's this concept of having skin in the game to where, okay, I invested 20 bucks into this, I'm gonna at least sit through it and listen to it as what a lot of people think and they and so that what that does is it allows you to present to more people. The there's only one way to get people that are not part of your group to become clients of yours. There's only one way to do that. It's building trust with them. Right? That the so the old and so by that same ticket and it's it's such a almost like it's a bit of a hard statement to say because it's like some of those transmit diviners perhaps it's a bit of a hard statement to say because

[214:44] Sue McGarvie: Salaam Alaikum you get hijacked here. Yeah.

[215:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Okay, so yeah, all right. file is trying to come on now. Awesome. Cool. So yeah, that happens. It does happen.

[222:36] Sue McGarvie: Zoom hijacking Yep. Yeah.

[223:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Let's remove some of these. I do apologize if anybody streams pornography on here just we'll remove it as soon as it happens. It can happen that's why this is open so that's why I don't host a lot of like open q&a days. That's why I actually charged for it a lot of people think it's because I'm a dick is because i That's why I charged seven bucks for q&a. No, it's because it keeps out all the dumb people that are gonna hijack the call. So

[230:41] Sue McGarvie: it's this is your business and you're telling us well no, I think this is good. Good man. I

[232:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't make any money though. Off of the off of the low ticket q&a and all that that's the thing. It's only purpose is to build trust with people. Okay, it's only purpose is to make a connection with somebody that you've not met before. So that they understand who you are, where you're coming from. Why working with you versus somebody else's in advantage and your competition right now. It's YouTube. It's blogpost. It's Google. It's chat, GBT. It's their friends, it's their family. And so the only the only way to build trust with people, the only way to, to do that as you like is you actually like have to cut the cord to connect and have a conversation with them, to where they see, okay, you're different. And then part of that conversation needs to be persuasive, to where it helps them make decisions in their mind about the fact that working with you, is going to help them reach the goal that they have better than the other resources that they have access to. Okay, so that's part of the webinar. And I think you understand that part. How do we get the right people in front of us for that one of the biggest things is that oftentimes, especially if you find that that and this was a conversation that I had, with one of my clients, Don Palacios, she was able to make about $35,000 a month with her coaching. She was a part of my mom's coaching group for about six years and didn't make any money. And I coached with her for six months. And that changed as she started making $35,000. And here's what the shift was for her. As I told her a First off, and this was her own unique thing. She was like she she was very unapproachable on video was one of the biggest things she was hard to watch. She was hard to listen to. So that was one thing as I had her kind of grow in that skill set. Okay, somebody's streaming porn in here. Yep. There we go. Um, and so the biggest thing that I did that helped her I'm

[276:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: sorry, just a sec. I feel like literally trained myself to not get bothered by these people that are you're

[278:51] Sue McGarvie: not going to bother me, right? I'm a sex therapist. This is not going to bother me. But go ahead and clean them out. Because I think that's I think that's really obnoxious. You're talking and that's really rude.

[281:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. It is. You know that? Yeah. That is definitely rude and disrespectful. They get off on it. It's this whole thing. There's a whole community where they basically do like zoom bombing, and they, and they show people shock and awe when they watch this. It's like this. It's this like, it's a whole thing on 4chan. Anyways, okay, so with Dawn, I taught her that she had to address because her offer initially, it wasn't addressing a lot of the objections people had. And she was attracting a lot of people that weren't going to take action with her that were just looky loos. So that was one of the other things. So she was running ads, and they weren't people that were actually going to engage with her. So we designed her offer in a way that detracted the wrong people attracted the right ones, and then built trust with them, that hiring her was going to help solve their issue of their their health and wellness. Now, I want to ask you this in your group, you've built trust with these people that have bought with you. And so this is one of the biggest things that I told Don, as I said that you actually already do know how to build trust with people, because she already had clients that did not come from Facebook ads, right? They had known her for years. But anytime somebody came through a Facebook ad, nobody would buy from her. So I said, what you got to understand is that there's a moment in time, where they have a spark that goes off where they make a decision that they need to purchase the thing that you're offering. That's what I call the epiphany moment to where they realize that what you're offering is going to be the answer to them. And, and oftentimes, it's a combination of you build trust, they make a decision that this is the thing that's going to help them and then you make a call to action to to get them to buy from you. Now here's the other thing, too, that I'll say is oftentimes in the beginning when it comes to making that call to action to people. We need to be a little bit more direct than feels comfortable normally. And so that's one of the other things as far as that goes. I haven't seen any of your sort of sales pitches for

[319:43] Sue McGarvie: that. Probably Probably, maybe more direct. Yeah, so but those are all aspects

[320:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: of that is where like, there's a difference between Hey, like, you know, if you like this today, it'd be awesome to go to my website and go buy it. It's an open thing. And they can go do that versus like, creating an incentive, creating some way that sort of motivates them to take action, such as bonuses, such as different. That's why, again, a waiting list, such as limited enrollment, things like that, again, a lot of people have personally written me and said, The only reason I do that is because I'm a jerk. And actually, here's the thing is is not doing that usually leads to no sales. And so there's a reason why a lot of coaches don't make a lot of sales. Again, this isn't you there's this is a little bit nuanced question, the low ticket offer, let's go back to that

[336:09] Speaker 0: is a is an effective way to build trust with people, because you might have 20 people that give you their email address, but only three, end up paying $7 for a low ticket offer. So out of those 20 people, really only three of them are ones that you probably could potentially build trust with. Because the other 17

[341:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: are pretty much there to waste your time in theirs. And understanding the fact that when you offer stuff for free, most of the people that are there have no intention to even apply what you're teaching, they have no intention to continue with you. And they are just there because it feels like they're doing something by joining all these trends, and they're addicted to like free content, they're addicted to free trainings. So low ticket crosses people over this threshold where they make some form of a commitment of some kind. Where, where they're able to decide that. Okay, I've made some kind of financial investment. And so I want to make, I want to get the most out of this financial investment that I've made, even if it's just $7, even if it's just $27. And then by by doing that, you're able to build a deeper level of trust with that person who's actually made a small financial investment to then walk them through to make a a higher level of financial investment. And that higher level doesn't always necessarily have to be 1000, or even $10,000, it could be as much as you take them from like $7 to, then maybe you got something for 100 or 200. Got it. And then they enroll in this like $200 class. And then some of those people might want to enroll in 1000 or $2,000 level that you have. And then and you saw, I posted it in the accelerator group this week, I have a $14,000, one on one offer. And again, I know that's not for everybody that's in there. I think the accelerators Amazing how it is. Actually, I'm actually trying to detract people from actually taking me on that offer overall, unless there's somebody who really feels that they need that one on one guidance. And at that point, then I think that they'll benefit from it. And so a lot of the process that I do is a lot of attract and repel of trying and I'm repelling anybody who's probably not going to both benefit and make a financial investment. Now there are ways and there's strategies, I could literally probably reword my offer in the accelerator group and get twice as many people taking me up on that one on one coaching offer. But the truth is, I don't really want to work with everybody one on one. And so I intentionally am trying to detract people from taking that offer, and also amplifies the value of the $2,000 a year accelerator program. And what's what's provided in that, by the way, I saw another coach competitor that offers less than we do in the accelerator for $15,000 a year. And so that's actually the going rate for most programs like what I offer, and yet I have people all the time who write me they're like, gosh, Jeremiah 166 bucks a month. It's just way too much for me, I could never and I'm like I don't know how you expect to build a business at this point. Like you know, you're you know, and then I go to work I'm like, Okay, how can I detract even somebody like that from even going through my whole ecosystem? And the reason why is because I'm not It's all about the really the numbers of what is most profitable if I have a lot of people who are being attracted through Facebook ads that get to the finish line, and they're like, Oh, it's too expensive. And they're probably not a good fit. That means my ads and my offer are off just a little bit. Yeah, because they listened to all of this content. And yet they got to the end, and they're like, Hey, I'm probably not a good fit for this.

[406:26] Sue McGarvie: I followed a lot of people. And again, I was like, looking at it for a year and finally bought with you, you were actually the first one I bought with. And I've looked at a lot of people and I told you I looked at Eileen Wilder stuff and I was so like, I thought she instead of being tentative about sales, I thought she she, she overdid it by an order of magnitude. At but I'm really interested in something like a laurel parties kind of $7 a month monthly as I just did an article, that's

[414:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: easy to sell people on to it's like, it's just seven bucks you bought you buy a Starbucks for more.

[416:47] Sue McGarvie: I got levels, I'm gonna send you the article about media, which I mean, you know, being a subscription model. And I think that's the way to go, you got it, I totally load a lower ticket subscription model that can do it as opposed to a one off. So maybe it is $7. Maybe it's $14. Maybe it's and have to say, and if you want the one on one or the small group coaching group, I don't want to do one on one either. You know, what do you do you how do you but again, it's how do I model that? So is it just a is it just an ongoing Facebook ad for say, you know, $9 a month you got this and here's what you get, here's the value again,

[427:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: it would still probably be something like for free. That then tells them about the $9 thing. Okay, give me an example. So like, it would just be like a webinar, like what we host or you know, like a one session thing, where you basically break down the system. And then you're like, Listen, if you want to, like, take this to the next level, it's 10 bucks a month, jump in. And we'd love to work with you. And that it's literally the same thing that I do here in the accelerator I plan on in the next year or so adding even like a lower tier thing. Now here's the thing, it's going to be way less than what's in the accelerator, it's probably what I'm going to actually end up doing is I'm going to be turning a lot of, I'm going to eliminate any sort of free q&a sessions next year. Because I just I'm not seeing the same return that I did over a year ago. And the reason why is this, it's not because free q&a doesn't work. It's because I've learned everything that I need to know about my audience right now at this moment in time for free. And so because of that, it's like the there's diminishing returns, the more free sessions that I do with people. I said that a couple of weeks ago, and somebody said, Jeremiah, please don't you're helping so many people, please don't give away don't take away the free stuff. You're stating me if you do that, and I'm like, first off, you're I don't think that us working together is probably going to work out long term anyways,

[453:55] Sue McGarvie: you gotta you gotta you gotta eat, like like, Stop, apologize, I promise I

[455:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: will. And I'll be I'll be transparent. I'm not just trying to eat, I want a business that's making a crazy amount of money. Because I know that this model can do that. But I also want to serve people at the same level. So that's why we have these different levels in the value ladder as far as that goes. That the conversation gets to where it's like, how and you set it right there. Eileen, Wilder, you found that she was an order of magnitude of how she sells was probably more than you feel comfortable with.

[463:55] Sue McGarvie: Like she promised an hour went to with so many testimonials. i She promised something if you watched it to the end, which wasn't worth watching wasn't worth an hour of my time. I was actually nauseous by the end of that two hours I and I have a fair I'm fairly thick skin. I was like this is way over the top. So I want to be I want to be where I like I think your model is is really great. And I want to look at it and how do I turn this because I'm tired of waiting around. You know, 2025 Four is my year to make a pile of money. I have done this for so long. I'm not worried about my confidence. About second guessing I'm not worried about any of that. I want it I want the hard skills. How do I post ads? How do I close this? What's my value ladder? What am I offer? There was

[475:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: something else? Number one one thing because you're in the accelerator program. We're starting this week. I'm doing a whole course on what's called I'm calling it forbidden advertising. Perfect. Yes, I started this is where the whole course is about how to get around the restrictions with your campaigns. Rahman To be I'm going to not just take 15 minutes, 20 minutes to explain it. I'm going to take a couple of weeks to really unpack this because I know, I know that you can mark it any business. With advertising, you just got to know how to get people in the door the right way.

[484:16] Speaker 1: That's exactly what. And so

[485:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I actually have an example, except that it's funny Danny Johnson that I used to work for. It was a great example of this. Now, she was not a certified therapist in anything. But her highest level coaching, she actually had a coaching program called the hot sex marriage secrets. Okay, but you would only hear about it, if you were in her lower level program, you would never even hear about that. Unless you came to a $200 seminar that she did. And then you joined a $700 second seminar that she did. And then at that point, you would get invited to this $10,000. Basically, she had multiple tracks, she had like the business track, she had the family and marriage track. And then she had the like, she had a whole like spiritual track to that was like half the price. It was just Bible teaching. So she's got like sex coaching Bible teaching and business. I mean, that literally, if you've met her, that's her personality is like that, like, that's who she is, she kind of embodies this whole idea of like, God, sex and money that's got, ya know, it's who she is. It really is. And it served her well, it was awesome. But like, when we marketed that it was never marketed upfront. As far as that goes, it was only after people really trusted her. And she would see it as like, throughout the seminar, she would always make like silly, flirty comments with her husband, like, you know, you know, I bet some of y'all want to have a marriage like that, right? And she would see it and then it would lead to this thing that was like, the behind the scenes layer. That was the really probably her favorite thing to do was that type of coaching. And so you know, because it was like she could really like be herself. She didn't have to be like that did not have the religious hat on over here. But anyways, it was pretty it was. And she used to speak on TBN. She used to go like on like Christian Broadcasting, highly religious broadcasting, and use it to pull people into the seminars, but then like, they would go and they would learn about this stuff. As far as that goes, like her husband had a whole coaching on stockpiling, he did this whole thing about stockpiling money and guns. Because he was all about that. That was his whole thing. Was this whole, like prepper thing. They were a little they were a little cray, they I'll admit it, they kind of are, but their target market was into it, you know. And so, and that's, and that's when I worked with them. I worked for them. And we were creating all these different offers that like it started with the baseline, you know, listen, are you a Christian who wants to make more money in a business and like that was the initial hook, and then it would like lead to the next level? Okay.

[532:23] Sue McGarvie: Because I'm following your, you know, your like, you know, I read your posts religiously, and is saying, you know, like, simplify your offering, you know, you posted that and actually copied it and said, the reason that people often don't buy from you is that it's too complicated. They don't understand how to simplify it. And I'm thinking, Okay, so I've done the free firesides. I've done these webinars, and I can continue doing them every week. But like you, I'm not sure of the, you know, if I get them outside of my group, I'm just not confident that the advertising works. Like I'm not I've spent a bunch of money on it, and nothing seems to have come from it. So I know probably right

[543:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, that will probably be true. But I think we can definitely make it work for you. Okay, well, to get the feedback from those people have what do they want? And one of the biggest feedbacks are, this is in the ultimate sales that are booked and this is the one that I really like what do they secretly ardently desire that they feel afraid to tell anybody about? Yeah. That they that like they won't tell you on the first call, but they will have to you interact with them a few times?

[551:56] Sue McGarvie: I've done a bunch of survey monkeys because I said I have you know, five? Yeah, yeah. And that that's I've gotten a bunch of feedback on that. And I think we can do like again, it's a webinar what I will do is I don't want crickets at my webinar. I know if I post it to my group. I'll get 60 people. Yeah, and if them who haven't bought already will buy but what I want is in order for me to blow it up and do the kind of numbers and be your you know, I want to be this poster child and 20 A 24 I need to get the advertising going. And if you're saying that the low ticket offer doesn't pay it just it just gets people

[562:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: across building exercise to get them to go to the next level. Yeah. Okay. So

[563:21] Sue McGarvie: the trust building is just keep doing the webinars, keep advertising them. And if you

[564:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: charge for it, it qualifies them better. And that's where I did an exercise with Chad GPT, where I explained like the whole industry and market actually, I think I showed that I forget, I showed this. I think it might have been on one of the previous bonus q&a days. I was gonna mention this too. I'm gonna show it in the Forbidden advertising one. So chat, GBT can be a brainstorming partner to say, Hey, listen, they blocked this ad. Copy the ad, say, This is what I market, this is what I sell. Help me understand my target customer. This is their desire, but I need to come up with an offer that's going to be compliant with Facebook ads, something that we won't block. And so it actually came up with, like 10 Different things like one of them was would be like, your ideal first date quiz or something like that was one idea.

[578:16] Sue McGarvie: And that's, that's actually a good idea in terms of was

[579:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, was like starting there. And not being so direct, but maybe starting like one step or two steps away from, but it's still the same type of person. And then you advertise for that thing. And then you kind of lead them along a path to the thing that you sell. Got it. Okay. Again, that's also why that is where it becomes more effective to where you're pivoting and marketing that way.

[586:43] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I'm gonna work, I'm gonna work it and I can do some video ads, and say, This is where we this is where we want to go. But I think this is the video. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna fiddle with it. I really appreciate it. I needed to. Totally. And this has been great, because I needed to bounce it off. I

[591:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't want it. Yeah, no, that's good. That's awesome. That's great. One more

[592:08] Sue McGarvie: very quick question. I'm doing a cover for I have two books out in the next month. And I haven't done one in five years. And I got I think I'm gonna have three in the first quarter of 2024. But I will not check GPT and I put on the Adobe, the Firefly, or whatever it is looking for AI versions because the the meta isn't in Canada, I can't access it. Okay, or looking for some book cover ideas? Which

[600:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah. Stage one of doing a book cover idea is I would look at what are the top, this is how I would do it. And when I when I created a couple of book covers, I would look at what are the top 100 books right now that are just on Amazon, okay, and pay attention to kind of their layout design and identify maybe the five that you really liked the most, that if you could put your title on that cover that will be like the design style. Okay, then from there, you could actually take those in the chat GPT and see if it can brainstorm an idea that similar to those based on that, there's also another option that you can do mid journey 6.0 It's a discord channel to use mid journey. Yeah, and that's another one for doing the AI, that or you go the traditional route, where you again, you would start the same way. Most all marketing is is basically looking at what other people are doing from like five or six people you really like, and re mixing it into your your idea. Okay, like, like, if you break down graphics design, it's you find five ideas that are really trendy that resonate with you. And then you figure out, okay, how can I make an original idea that could stand alongside these, that's how I would look at it, you know, it's your original idea, but it could stand alongside them to say, Okay, this is the same caliber of book. And then you would design your cover to be something original. So you could hire a graphics designer to do that as well. Yeah, I think their views

[625:05] Sue McGarvie: are asking me what I want it look like and I'm like, Ah, so I ran it through check GPT to say, yeah, and the starting process, because I think it's gonna be easier to edit and create, and I can't even describe to the editor. What I? Yeah, I'll look, I'll look at other people's books and see what

[629:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: happened. I think that that's probably the good starting place. And I like to usually find like five options that really stand out with me that like, Okay, this is kind of how I would like make my book look.

[632:13] Sue McGarvie: Great suggestion.

[632:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And we've that's really, whenever we've worked with graphic designers, their first question is always, you know, you got five examples you really like you know, and so like, they're always starting from that, and then that gets their wheels turning and then they'll create five versions, and char GPT to brainstorm that too. And these different

[638:01] Speaker 1: apps, so Okay, thank you. That's awesome. Yeah, definitely.

[639:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: We live in such a really cool Time for coaching and courses. And yet, it's kind of also like a strategic time is like, these tools are available to us. But more and more people are also starting to use them. And so the competition is lighting up too. And so let's like, everybody is starting to learn how to use this stuff. Nobody knew how to use AI a year ago. Now everybody's at least using the basic version of GPT. I think by next year, I bet most people are going to know how to do it, at least most marketing teams are going to know how to do a lot of the stuff that we teach that currently today, not a lot of people know how to use the stuff that we teach with Chad GPT. And so then what I'm always looking at is like, what's the fringe thing that's gonna be that's gonna stand out in the marketplace, so that it's not a crowded marketplace, and you're just another me to offer that becomes noise. Because that's another issue when you run ads is your ad can just be noise in the crowd, and then people ignore it. Yep. And so, um, one thing that I actually tried with some ads this week that I brainstormed, and they've been working pretty well, as I told it to create some snarky billboard taglines around my offer. And one of them was like, you know, if I use an example, I said, I saw a billboard once that said, your wife is hot, you might want to change your AC. I've seen that. And it's a very popular billboard for an AC company. And I said, think along the terms of that sort of spirit, and come up with a few taglines for ads. And I created like three different ads that I'm testing out that sort of are in a little bit of that spirit. And they've been working pretty well. As far as that goes. They're not like the same exact thing. But what they say is I created a few graphics. Let me just kind of pull these up here, what they say, like

[670:06] Sue McGarvie: the snare, a snarky ad, I'm trying to do the comedy ones I'm trying to do funny,

[671:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: or memes or things like that those also those also do work. And some people are like, Oh my gosh, that's so unprofessional. If I ran that, well, here's the thing, your author will be professional the ad is just to get their attention, I think is great. I think one of the one of the ads says the missing ingredient in your coaching business is kind of the thing and then it's a link to the accelerator. The other one is without a mentor does this often struggle but it doesn't have to be that way. Jump in the accelerator. And then the other one says together we can achieve more. So it's kind of like using this idea of like how billboards would do that. And I'm taking that into the the concept of marketing, with ads with this grabbing like tagline that fits what we're doing and the cost is actually pretty good on that. So that's awesome. All

[684:59] Sue McGarvie: right, I'm gonna those are said three takeaways. I need, you know, stuff every week to go okay, how am I How am I moving things forward? And otherwise, I get I get spun around. So thank you. Appreciate that. Generally Awesome.

[688:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, hey, that was I mean, that was like a whole masterclass, kind of right there with me ensue. Um, anybody else? Got your hand raised? Got some questions. Sarah, Sarah Mitchell. What's up, Sarah? How are you?

[692:18] Speaker 2: Good. Thanks for for doing this. I have some background noise of children. But okay. I have a course that I launched this year it is to help people get their food storage. You have the store food in your homes, just like you'd store money in the bank? Yeah, I really, I'm having a hard time reaching people. Food Storage nation is a little unique because it's mainly done. It's mainly known about by preppers and by Mormons, and the preppers aren't preppers or I've joined a couple of prepper groups recently to do some, like research. And it's there's just so diehard like, like, the world is going to end tomorrow. And the zombie hordes will descend on you and you need to be able to survive every single possible thing that could possibly happen. And look, I have a lot of things xiety And a lot of very active imagination. I know all the things that can go wrong, but like I don't find that helpful, that approach helpful. So I want to do it outside of the prepper space.

[711:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. Um, my wife and I have had this conversation just kind of brainstorming that because we kind of fall into that but we can't stand the fear mongering either. You know, like we like to have the wisdom but like, we want to be like you're not so like literally you could just speak to it you can say listen, have you noticed a lot of people in like the prepper space or kind of a little weird like they're not people you probably hang out with normally. And like and literally you like you speak to the fact that maybe like so you what you do is you talk to your tribe where where they're at, and you talk to them in their experience. And that's how what lets you kind of connect with them, as far as that goes, is really kind of creating the sort of uniqueness that's built around you, your lifestyle, how you stand out, and how you do things like that. For instance, I don't know anybody that teaches like how to make a lot of money online with coaching and courses, that is so openly, all about playing video games as much as I am. But that's just literally my personality. Like I literally did a podcast this morning, where I played a video game into the podcast is one of the best podcast episodes ever recorded. And so it's just like, that's me Take it or leave it. And we got to be willing to repel the ones we don't want to work with, or that are probably not going to be a good fit with us. And here's the thing is, you know, I used to really worry about the people that would not like me based on like, how I look and how I sound and how I talk and communicate and, and my passions. And because of that I was attracting a lot of people that were very mean, I haven't had a lot of mean people anymore, now that I've just been literally like take it or leave it, this is how I am you don't like it, kick rocks. And so that's one part of it. It's kind of that attitude of like, let's attract the right people that are more like us that are more like our tribe that are more like the ones that we want to engage with. And again, you don't have to be a gamer. But like, what really my thing is, like, I work best with people that are not hyper judgmental of people based on their passions, I think that's a big one. Like, because I think that like, like, if you're into prepping, you're into essential oils, you're into, like, Sue does her stuff with the sex therapy, if you're into crystals, all this type of stuff, if you're into Jesus, like, I'm totally cool with all of that in the people that I work with. And I actually teach a wide range of people with a lot of different backgrounds and belief systems, we got a wide range of even political backgrounds and with the people that we work with, and I love the fact that I'm kinda like in the middle as far as that goes. So that's really what my personality is, I'm very much center on a lot of issues. Not, but I'm also like practical about them. And so I don't want to go on a tangent in that direction. But what you want to do is you want to really demonstrate that, hey, there's a whole group of people that are out there that you probably don't resonate with, but you want to learn this type of stuff. And you can literally say, you're not Mormon, you're not camped out in a bunker with an American Eagle flag. Maybe you are, but that's fine. But like, you know, what makes you unique is that you, you see what's happening, you see what's going on in the world, and you want to make sure that you and your family are prepared, and there's no room for you. Because all these different tribes of people that have already been established, are so kind of not your people, we've created the community before this, sort of like not your average prepper preppers as kind of a thing and you can sort of like lead with the fact that you're this sort of outside of the norm of that type of community. I know a lady that did this. I'm gonna give you an example of like, how to do this. The essential oil space. Are you familiar with that? Like Young Living as she is actually going to a new company, but have you ever heard of the name? Dilworth? No, okay. So I think her name is Lacey, Lacey Dilworth. This is her. And she is like the anti most essential oils, mommy, that like most people aren't gonna like it. She's got tattoos, she talks about smoking weed. She is here with her. She's just like, she's not the average essential oils type person, but she's built a whole community. And makes I think she makes seven figures off of this being that different person that's into essential oils. So I think that that's one thing as far as that goes, and then learning what are their passions? What are your people's language and things like that? And that's going to be very closely aligned with like, what are you into? What are you passionate about? What are your friends that you hang out with him to? As far as that goes? Who are the people that and what I found is this, I was I had this epiphany moment as if I look back at before I started coaching, the friends and family and people even at my my church, and the people that I've met in business that I really loved to hang out with. That was essentially who was actually ultimately becoming my clients. And so I realized that Like the ones that were becoming my clients that didn't kind of like, they weren't people that I would love to just go like the people that are in my accelerator, I think it would be so cool for us to do a retreat, go on a vacation together, y'all, that'd be awesome. Maybe one day, we'll we'll do something like that. And so it's because like, we're sort of the same vibe, the same tribe. And it's finding that tribe of people that is your unique group of people, and then speaking their language, because ultimately, you know, their language, it's your language is what it is. It's how you talk to people. It's how you connect with people. It's your own sort of opinions and ideas, and even like, judgments, fears, worries, insecurities, things that maybe you've overcome, things that you I have had breakthrough in. And here's the other thing, the breakthrough that you've experienced in your life, is often the breakthrough for somebody else that you're going to attract to you. And what I often look at is what are the biggest breakthroughs that I've had in the last five years, most of the people that I'm gonna attract in my business are dealing with the things that I dealt with five years ago. And I find that huge, a huge factor.

[818:47] Speaker 2: So I feel like, I really liked what you said about like calling some of these things out. But the interesting thing is, I got a little bit of a confounding factor where I am actually Mormon. And, and a lot of my a lot of my audience is Mormon, and I live in Utah, which Utah Mormons are. They're unique in that they feel like they should already know how to do food storage, oh, they don't want to have to pay for it. Because there's a million free resources, why would I pay for it? And I understand that they're not that those aren't, those aren't my clients, I do actually have a local client that I'm helping her with her pantry right now. And I've had a couple people buy my course. And usually there are people who are like, Oh, I'm just like, tired of like, being on the struggle bus and I'm sick enough of it that I just want to like, like, try something, you know, because there aren't very many of these types of courses and okay, but like, that's key

[833:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: as far the ones that are really struggling to kind of get it going. Yeah,

[834:32] Speaker 2: but sometimes I feel like a lot of these people don't. Like a lot of people think that they have food storage, and then they don't actually, like they're like, oh, I have lots of food. I'm like, you don't though, like you eat a lot more food than you think you do. And you're like, Oh, I just need I, all I need is a list. I'm like, since you have a million lists, and you haven't done them and, and so I've been trying to figure out like how to, like my already, my audience isn't who I need, and how to get the audience that I one of

[843:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: the one of the first things that I found, too is accepting where people are at that are coming to me for advice. So that was something I struggled with a couple years ago, is I was like, oh my god, like Why don't y'all get it. It's so easy to make money online, but people were struggling. And so I literally had to get the point where I was like, okay, they're struggling, that struggle is real for them. They think they know what they're doing, by the way, okay. This is literally a lot of the people that I even work with and coaching. They think they know what their offers should be. Most people come to me like, Oh, I got a great offer. It's great. Well, are you making the money you want to make? Well, no, okay, then literally, you probably don't actually have a great offer. That's just Case in point right there, it probably could be better. But if you come right out the gate and say that to people, they're gonna be like, Screw you, I don't want to listen to you. You're too judgmental of me. And so now again, like I said, there's a balance that I said at the beginning, you got to speak the truth to people, but you also got to like balance it with the sort of like, the empathy, the understanding of where people are coming out, like, for instance, oh, here's a great one, actually, Sue is on here. I will say, Sue, you have helped me a little bit flexing my empathy muscles in the last month, when people who get really frustrated with the fact that the ads manager is just hard to use, because I think I was kind of like, gosh, it's so easy to use. And I'm just like, gosh, Sue's really struggling. Like she's not making this up. Like she's really struggling. Maybe I could like, be a little bit more understanding. And maybe I could figure out why she's struggling. And maybe I could figure out what are some of the gaps in how I'm approaching the conversation, to make it to where my my information is not overwhelming. I think that was something powerful again, and so like, that's why I'm so thankful that that one of the greatest things is that the people that are in our coaching group helped us grow as well. And a lot of those different ways, especially when they're a good fit. Now I have that people they're like, Hey, you should do this, Jeremiah, and then they leave and they write me a nasty letter. Those are ones I pay attention to. But if they're like, genuinely like, hey, like, I'm a little bit overwhelmed by this, I think it can be simplified just a little bit. And then Sue was like, if you just had a checklist, I think it'd be great and I was like, Oh, that's great. I'm gonna create checklists for everything and really like starting to understand where people are coming from what have they tried? What have they dealt with, and really kind of putting yourself in their shoes, even if it doesn't even make sense to you. And I think that's another thing is kind of putting ourselves in the shoes of our target client, if it doesn't make sense to us. So there's a key separating factor that number one, if they're just like, they don't want to spend money with you, you're not going to build a business because they don't want to buy from anybody. And oftentimes, you're not going to convince somebody that doesn't want to spend money with you to buy something. So that's something that I have had to like just accept is that if somebody writes me, and they're like, hey, like, I don't have money to buy, and I've tested this, they don't buy anything from me for five years, but they keep telling me, Hey, I'm gonna buy it next month, next year, I'm gonna buy it, I'm finally. And they're in the same place, because that's their actual cycle of excuse is they actually have this statement that they say that makes them feel better, this sort of future pacing thing where they have this future dream of, oh, I'm going to buy this coaching, eventually, I'm going to do this, I'm going to eventually get the help that I need. But then they never really have any intention to do so. And the proof is in the, the fact that they're in the same place that they were five years ago when I met them. And I had the conversation with them. And they're telling me, they got the same struggles and the same issues. And, and I found a lot of times those people are dealing with, they probably need some sort of therapy, too. And that's a deep one, as like they need it, they need somebody who can really kind of safely work with them, maybe through some of their trauma, and some of the limiting beliefs and stuff like that. And so I'm not a therapist, so I don't claim to be or even try to be, I might bring some aspects of therapy and what I talk about, but I got my own issues to deal with not and I'm not qualified to even do that with somebody. So I would recommend like most people, if they find themselves in the same place of the struggle for like years, and they're just not doing anything, there's probably something three or four layers deep beneath the surface that they got to work through. And and so that's one side of it is I like referring people to say, hey, let's let's have you ever thought about, and most people, if you ask them, they thought about therapy, they get really offended. They're like what you're saying I got I'm a nutcase. I'm like, Oh my gosh, our society associates needing therapy with being a nutcase that's an issue. First off, the reason I go to therapy is because it makes me a way better person. And it makes me way more effective. And it makes me way more money in my business, because I'm not letting all my triggers stop me from being the best version of myself. So that's why like, I encourage people in that side of it. But on the flip side, I also can show up and I can I can start to ask questions, and understand where people are coming from, and create offers that are slightly geared, where my messaging out, say, my messaging and my offers and stuff, changes from month to month, based on the feedback that I'm getting from people based on the responses that I even get from people. And it starts to align with really the people who are a good fit that I want to work with that I want to attract and all of that. So I don't know if any of that was helpful. But

[933:26] Speaker 2: last Thank you very much. Oh, yeah, I had one friend I was she's like, You think I'm crazy? You think I need therapy? And I'm like, I think you'd be crazy if you didn't need therapy. Right? Like,

[936:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a touchy subject with people I people even like see it as a form of abuse to say that people need therapy. And that's a very, that's a hard one. It's usually because they probably had somebody who was abusive that said that to them. Yeah. And they're projecting that. I think that therapy definitely needs not be so taboo. Also, there's some really bad therapists out there. But not all are the same. And so it's good to find somebody that does work with you. But when it comes to like your coaching, attracting your audience, people that are really going to resonate with you and what they're going to ultimately buy from you, as our messaging really needs to speak to what are those wants, needs and desires? What are the struggles that they're dealing with? What are those things that are beneath the surface, they might that they might not tell anybody else. And again, that's why this book is literally one of the best like books kind of the start to understand this. Because it breaks down with examples as to how this is. So you get into the mind of your customer. It says in the first chapter, the old adage says you can't understand somebody until you've walked a mile in their shoes. And for entrepreneurs, for instance, we would be much better off. If that's funny if our elected officials walked in our shoes and had to run payroll, but that's another subject. He's like making a snarky comment that you know about that, but he's saying that the goal is understanding to persuade somebody to motivate them to sell to them, you need to first I really deeply understand them possibly better than they even understand themselves. Okay. And that's a process that, then that turns into, once you're selling once you're presenting once you're making an offer, the right people resonate with that. And it starts to attract the right people, and they become they become clients with you. And that can that can take that can take time, I think one of the hardest things that I that I'm starting to grasp in business is that you know, I work with a lot of people and, and I bet some of y'all can resonate with this, that some things in their life come very easy to them. Very quickly, we got a lot of I got a lot of really smart, intelligent people in some areas. And yet in other areas, some things take a lot longer than they want them to, to understand things. And I realized that oh, by the way, that's how I am to is like, some things certain aspects of technology. And I'm, and it's because I've been doing it for so long, they that stuff comes very easy to me. One on One human interactions, even like this is actually one of the hardest things that I've ever learned how to do. Because I was I was homeschooled, and I was never around anybody. And every relationship that I ever tried to build in my 20s, crashed and burned in the worst possible way. And I literally couldn't keep friends to save my life. Oh, and by the way, my mom had the same similar experience. So like, I had to learn how to I can actually connect with people and understand them. And that has actually helped my business overall is learning how to connect with people. And so that was for free, a little bit. But it's like, there's a little extra piece on top there. But it's like, for us to really know, what are those things that help us that are going to help us in our business, we got to become really self aware of if I look at the goals, and I look at what are the repeated situations that I find myself coming up against? What are the repeated situations that I'm struggling with. So for instance, I would do q&a calls like this. And I would shoot straight with people about what they needed to do in their business. And then I would have like, very defensive people get very angry with me back. So I actually had to learn over the last like six months how to not make that happened in my my conversations, because that was happening a lot. I would even have I would consult clients, I would come into a company. And their employees would literally start yelling in my face about how terrible I am. And then they would quit the company. And they would and they would like start blasting the company saying that, that I was the reason why they quit. So what's the common factor here, I got all these people complaining about me. And the reason was, I just really struggled to actually connect with people. I wasn't necessarily saying anything that was wrong, or even yelling at them or doing anything like that. But I wasn't I wasn't being very tactful. In some of my conversations. I was triggering people, people, people's, probably their trauma, and not even having empathy for it. And then died digging the nail in deeper and they were just like, upset with it. Because whatever I found I had this pattern of whatever the like the worst version of a person that somebody could imagine was they turned me into that in their mind, and it was very weird that this was happening. It hasn't happened in like, over about six months. And it and it hasn't happened at the scale that it was in about two years. But it was happening with like literally about 30% of all the interactions I was having with people. So like that's not congruent to business. You know, so a I had to like become okay with the fact that okay, this is happening, but also I need to grow and learning, okay, I need to grow in my people skills I need to grow in my ability to communicate with people, and how do I lead people? And I just share that. Not necessarily saying like, you need to do that. But it's that there are things that we can all grow in, uniquely that can help us to reach our client better. And there's a very, like, that's a hard thing to say and I don't And again, I mean that super respectfully, is that that's one of the biggest things that I would say, helps us to get our clients is learning. How do I communicate with people in a way that connects with the right people and attracts the wrong ones? I I was attracting the right ones and connecting with the wrong ones is what was happening. And, uh, gosh, it was like, I would cry myself to sleep sometimes because of this. Because I knew that can help people. And yet I was attracting all these people I didn't want to work with. And now that's not the case. Like all the people that I get to connect with them. I just love like, I love calls like this. I love our accelerator calls. I just like next to hanging out with my wife and my son, it's my favorite thing to do is to help our clients be successful. So I'm not sure I'm landing the plane here, but I'm getting close. So I'm trying to I'm trying to

[1051:27] Speaker 2: thank you so much. Yeah, definitely.

[1052:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Um, okay. Well, we're at the top of our hour here. there any other questions? Before we go? Any quick questions we want to do? Before we end this, this bonus call here? All right. Well, listen at if you're on here, you should know by now the doors are closing for the accelerator tonight. And I can't wait to see those that are jumped, we got to, we got a bunch of people jumped in already. I can't wait to see the new members that we have on our jumpstart call tomorrow, which is awesome. We have a lot of people who usually jump in at like 1130 at night. So I it's like 50% of the people like do that. And so I'm excited to see kind of kind of who does. Stacy, I saw you raise your hand and you have a question. Stacy Cox.

[1067:13] Stacey Cox: so much a question. I just thought I like it, you know, what would the what you addressed? Because it makes so much sense. I'm in ministry. And I, you know, I understand those highs and lows, you know, trying to go into coaching. I mean, I've been wanting to do coaching for a while. But I believe that next year is like that year of you know, just just get over the fear and go into it. But I really like what you talked about. So just wanted to make that comment. Yeah.

[1075:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And by the way, I have not been able to even articulate that the way I did it, here's something I've had a lot of people they it's one of the it's one of my weaknesses that I'm aware of. But if you stick with me long enough, it gets better, is kind of what I share with Sarah, it might sound like I was rambling and like going off. And I use a lot of words to kind of get to my point, is what I shared with you, though, that was one of the first times I've ever actually shared some of that with anybody ever was wrong. And and you're what you just told me Stacy has really good feedback. Because what I want to do is I want to learn how to say it in less than maybe like 60 to 90 seconds. You know how to land that plane and get closer there with less words. And so again, I've had some people, that's what I would say that's one of the that's one of the main kind of kind complaints I've had with people that like Jeremiah takes a lot of words to get his point across. But generally, over time, I start to take less words to get my point.

[1092:56] Stacey Cox: Well, I do understand that. So

[1094:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm, like very self aware of that fact. And it's something that I've like working on and chat GPT has been very helpful for me with that, where like, I'll take a very, like, I might take what I just shared with Sarah and I'll ask you a GPT How can I explain this way simpler with way less words? And then it'll give me some ideas to kind of explain my point. And I'm like, Oh, wow, that was much better than how I said it. So that's, that's just a great way by the way to use chat GPT to improve in your coaching communication. It's such a cool tool for that. Mark, what's up mark? How you doing, man? How was your? Your holiday?

[1105:41] Mark Phelps: Great, great. We went through our little family traditions 2324 25 And it's all all as well. Awesome. Thanks for Thanks for this extra session. I am not really on the fence. I feel like I want to jump in. I've never really spent any money to do anything along these lines I've had, we've talked before I've never really you know I'd love to be able to do coaching and content creation course content creation for real money. So yeah, I'm I'm probably gonna jump in. I could also be that guy that doesn't jump in until 11:45pm to but yeah, I'm leaning that way. Just wanted one one. Hey,

[1118:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing I'll tell you. I'm not upset either way what you choose to do

[1120:12] Mark Phelps: I am awesome. I know you, you. You do, you know, look, we have people that we are destined to be a part of their lives and vice versa. And you've read through a lot, you know, like, hey, yeah, trust me, I've had to get over that. I think that can be

[1125:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little bit like kooky, spooky woowoo a little bit but

[1126:55] Mark Phelps: no, yeah, I don't like.

[1128:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: There is like a residence to like the vibe with certain people, and we just vibe with certain people better than others. And we were just ourselves, we connect with the right people much quicker.

[1131:18] Mark Phelps: And we're never going to please everyone, remember? Yeah, exactly. So anyway, you know, it's really good stuff. I was. My one question today is maybe. And again, you don't have to go through great detail, Jeremiah, you've been pretty thorough. Maybe just highlight slash preview the first 30 days, what it would look like with the accelerator program. And again, it can be very succinct. Yeah, you know, however you want to have you want to

[1139:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: try. So like the first, we have our jumpstart call. That's kind of the intro and everything that we do. And that's where I kind of direct you as far as how to get the most out of the program. That's it tomorrow is. And that's going to be really the onboarding, that's also why we have the 30 day like trial. And so there's no risk to jump in for 30 days. And then again, to write me like, on the last day, we're like, hey, this has been a great 30 days, but I'm probably not going to continue totally fine. You know, again, I don't have a lot of people that say that. But the way that it works is then is I encourage you. And when it's funny, that's why I have a jumpstart call, because that's that's actually the focus of the call that we do tomorrow is kind of breaking down how that first 30 days how to take advantage of it works. I'm thinking it might be cool, though, for me to break that down. For some people, I might send an email out later that talks about some of that. I mean, it's a great, great question. If I was to break that down it's it's a there's so there's, there's a library of courses that are in the members area. So first off, you want to identify, there's usually probably one or two that can help you figure out an aspect or you have somebody on your team that figures out an aspect that's going to be about like building building your offer or building your business and one specific area that you might not have knowledge on as far as that goes. So there's direction as far as that goes, there's the Facebook group, where you get to make as many posts as you want. And there's some people that they do post in there, like twice a day, about, okay, I tried, this is what we're doing. That's what we're trying to do. And we iterate back and forth. And we go back and forth through some of this. And by the way, we had somebody who did this last month, and she told me she's like, gosh, I've been we've been going back and forth every day. But I feel like you know, sometimes it's two steps forward one step back, and I said, Well, that's still some of that's part of that process of kind of really unpacking the depth of what your offer is. And so I think you understand your offer a lot better than most people. So that probably won't necessarily be the case, what we do is those and I interact with you in the group, and I give you any sort of feedback about questions that are asked, we have our live calls that are on Monday mornings at 11am. And those are also recorded. And then there's also new classes that I'm rolling out as as part of that program. The value of it is being able to post in the group and ask questions each week, and get that looked at and then get your sales letter looked at get your ads looked at get your landing page looked at. And let's say maybe you don't have that ready in the first 30 days. You know, that's how that's where we'll continue that after the first 30 days. Um, but depending on like how much you kind of bring to the table is I've not had anybody yet. Like, totally max out the first 30 days of like what they could do. Because it's license. Yeah. And so like, there's like, it's sort of like, you have that choice of how you want to start with that the faster call is going to kind of help you get started on how quickly you want to start. And I think that's a decision that I encourage people to make. Here's one of the first things that I say to people I refuse to do a codependent coaching model to her I'm working harder on your goals than you are. Because otherwise I wouldn't be able to sustain it with the amount of people that we have. And I think that's one of the things that's out there is a lot of people are like oh my god So I got a. So what I what I asked because I just asked people to meet me halfway. And meeting me halfway is posting questions in the group asking questions on the live calls. And again, if you can't make all the live calls, you can even post in the group and say, Hey, can you cover this on the recording? And then I can cover it. And I might ask you some follow up questions. So there's multiple ways to even take advantage of that part of it. And then like you said, you also have a team member that you can bring in. And they can do the same thing, as you know, as much as they're comfortable to do that. And then that's where you get the guidance. Similarly, what my what my mission always was this is that if somebody had hired me, as a consultant to come into their company, build out all their marketing, launch and offer and be successful, as I want to provide as close to that experience as possible, at the best value as possible. Which is why I also do have, there's a one on one coaching offer that I have, it's $14,000. And that gives eight, one hour one on one sessions as well. I guess a year in the program, eight, one hour, one on one sessions, and a funnel, and sales copy, makeover during that time, as well as lifetime access to all the courses. So you get to keep all of that for life, if you grab the one on one offer as far as that goes. So that's that level, that's like a next level type of a thing. My goal with even all these different levels is just I know that people have different budgets. And so in the accelerator $166 A month is it's a group setting. And we've structured it to to be the most input output, so that you can get the most feedback and results at the at what I believe is probably the lowest possible cost that I could charge for it. And I really should be charging more for it a lot more for it. And we will be but then that's where the one on one level comes in to is where it's like it's some people also, they might need those one on one individual calls. As far as that goes. The one on one offer that I have that expires on next Friday, January 5, and I have not sent that to my whole list. I have not even talked about it anywhere on my my social media. It's only been mentioned internally to people that are in the accelerator. And I've actually recommended again, I said, I've recommended that if people are brand new to the accelerator, the 10 step that the that the one I want to offer is probably not going to be for them. Because the accelerator itself, I think is going to serve 99% of people. Yeah, so there's no pressure to jump into that. But I know that some people they do want that. So that's why I offer that.

[1244:26] Mark Phelps: No, great, no, it's great. My, my dilemma is, you know, how much time do I devote to this, I mean, I work more than full time doing other things that aren't making as much money as I want to make on my business. So it's, it's, you know, it's almost like a, like a leverage also to like, hey, let's, let's take the business side of this, you know, very, very seriously stop doing basketball workouts in the gym and start scaling this and doing, you know, having a lucrative offer. You know,

[1253:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll say that part of it. Just like my is my, it's a little bit of an assumption, I could be wrong, that part of it might be more the harder part for you, is kind of transitioning from that to this and managing kind of the time aspect of it. And balancing that by understand kind of where we're coming from. There is a course in the members area called time optimization blueprint. And that one's it's not. I've taken every time management course it's out there. And it's I've never heard any of the stuff that I actually taught in that course. Because it's all about how do you get more with less time accomplished? And how do you like, have more? Basically, all that your business has inputs and outputs. And oftentimes people aren't getting the most amount of output for their inputs. And and you understand this, if you're working out in the gym, there's certain ways of working out if you have the right trainer that can literally be less time in the gym and get more results in somebody who spends three to four hours. Right? Yeah, it's the same exact thing with this business. And so a lot it's a lot of strategies that we teach are that they're what's leveraged to provide the best result with the least amount of time. Simultaneously, sometimes it's like it's looking at our whole life and making some tough decisions. And when I started building this business, I had a number of consulting clients that I was working full time with on their businesses to pay the bills and And I had to make a decision with some of them that once things started making money in my coaching business, I had to really start to communicate with them and pull back and say, hey, you know, I appreciate you, this is a passion of mine. But I need to pull back from this as much as I love it. And I can't be doing this side as much, I need to devote more of my time to this online coaching business, because it's paying me what it is paying me. So that's what I love to recommend people do is to kind of learn how to balance that I sort of see it as like these buckets of time that we have, that we sort of pour our time into more or less. And so that's why the effort and energy that you want to pour into is going to be mostly in your sales and marketing side of things. Because that because that's going to be the first lever to pull is to increase the revenue, so that you're getting paid what you're worth, and not having to work as hard as you already are. Yeah,

[1293:42] Mark Phelps: no, I actually, pat myself on the back this week, I turned down, you know, four or five days of three to $400 a day of being in the gym, working players out, but wear and tear on my body and spending that time to actually try to get organized. So I can start the accelerator. I mean, I know it's exactly what you're saying, like, you know, I could again, that's the old model, you know, go in the gym workout five guys and 50 bucks apiece, 250 bucks, do that twice in a day. But then there's also the organizing of that making the phone calls confirmation chasing them down for money like that,

[1303:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be making at least at least twice that six to 800 an hour of the amount of time that you're spending with. Or then you can work hat. And so that's the other that's the other leverage part of this is that that thing might be paying you that much. One of the things that I did always recommend to people is if you can possibly move that lever to where you're even charging a little bit more on that side of things, and you might lose some clients, but then you could work less on that side. And then the amount of revenue that you're making from the coaching business allows you to pull back, like a third or even half of that work. So now you just bought yourself the time to build this thing. Now you might be making the same amount and working the same amount in the beginning. And I think that's one thing to kind of realize is in the beginning, you might the math course might be the same, it might just be moving it from one thing to the other. Yeah, I don't know some of that momentum and start to do that. So no,

[1318:48] Mark Phelps: it just makes it again. Yeah, no, makes total sense. I appreciate it now,

[1320:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of awesome. And great question. By the way, again, that's another the way I just shared that I've never actually articulated it that way before. But I find it really articulating new things with people. And I'm looking forward to the day where I'm actually like not articulating new things. Because I'm like this, I know this stuff is inside of me. But it's coming out in a new way every single month. And it's better and better and better each time. So awesome. That's awesome. Yeah.

[1329:12] Mark Phelps: I'm glad I contributed that, too. That was great. It

[1330:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: was awesome. Yeah. Again, I'll probably filter what I just shared with you through the AI and I'll be like, Okay, how do I turn this into like a podcast episode or something? Or how do I turn this into a lesson, a new lesson for our group and things like that? So

[1334:00] Mark Phelps: all right, thank you again for your time. Yeah. What time What time is the called? Jumpstart call tomorrow, by the way for

[1335:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Jumpstart call is at 4pm? Eastern three central?

[1336:53] Speaker 4: Got it? Yeah. Yep. Awesome. And

[1337:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: generally, it lasts about an hour and a half to two hours depending on how many questions come in. They've been lasting about an hour and a half the last few months, because I've gotten a lot better at addressing the question. So you don't have as many questions now. The jumpstart call used to be like me sharing and then there was like, a ton of questions. Now I've gotten to where I answer all the questions in it. And everybody's like, well, you answered all my questions. So it's like it's less time right there. That's even a way that like, it's like, okay, I was able to bring it from to a two hour call down to an hour and a half, simply because I got better at sharing that and maybe six months from now, my jumpstart might only be an hour long. And that's what I'm constantly looking at is that was one of the biggest things that when I was consulting, I consulted a Christian college for their marketing. And I was in charge of every single departments marketing for about two years. And they told me my number one skill set was efficiency was learning how to get more output with input with less input, not just the same input but less input, getting increased output with less inputs. And that was actually a something that I had to fully give credit to my mom for that she taught me that growing up. She taught me that as her example in business. Why? Because my mom was almost die. Working 90 hours a week, she got diagnosed with cancer and she was on bedrest. And the only way that she was able to sustain a business was working five to 10 hours a week. And she was able to build a business that not only sustained but grew, working only five to 10 hours a week. And so I saw that. And then it was kind of just happenstance, I started working with Rick Pino, an incredible guy. His standard in life was that God and his family were the most important priorities above anything in business. And the only time that he had available was five hours a week to build his business. And so he's like, Jeremiah got five hours to do this. How can we do it in these five hours, and he actually had me and my wife strategize. My wife was actually his Chief of Operations. She's also kind of like a secret weapon that I that I that I have her kind of give a little bit of feedback to me. And then I bring it to the group. Because my wife and I were actually the team with Rick and with my mom for years, before I got married, was my wife. And so I met her before she was working with anyways. But she says My wife has a brilliant business mind. And a lot of people don't necessarily realize that. And she's like, I can be a famous influencer. But I don't want to be, you know, that's kind of her personality. Like, I don't want to say I'll just give you all the ideas and you bounce stuff off of me, and then you share with your clients. So but either way, Rick was like, Okay, I only got five hours, because this is the life I want to live. And I was like, Dude, you probably need 10 hours, like, No, I only got five, that's it, figure it out, figure out how to help me make as much money as possible in five hours a week. And we were able to get him to making over a million dollars. By strategizing that. And basically what it was was, we would have a weekly call 20 minutes with Rick, my wife and I strategizing what the whole company was doing. And that was the maximum amount of interaction that we would do. And that he would record two training sessions a week. And then he would read the Facebook comments for two hours. So he literally only put in five hours. And then basically gave my wife and I complete carte blanche over all the decision making on the marketing and then process and sales copy, he would approve everything, like he would sign off on it. That grew his business to that level, working just five hours a week. So like, I'm like, okay, that's something that I really, I think sets apart. What we do, is helping people get to where like, you get crazy outputs with crazy inputs. And you want to inspired me on this is actually hearing about Elon Musk, because he used to work 110 hours a week. And he now says he only he has to sleep seven to eight hours, or his efficiency is not there. Now he works all that time. But how does he run all these companies as one person efficiently? And I started I'm like, Okay, there's got to be a way to be efficient, and how we communicate how we lead, I would direct people, that just the people that are more successful to have larger operations understand. And so what I started doing is I really started studying, like how how billionaires ran a lot of their organizations, and then how do you bring that into a tiny operation and treat a small business the way you would a billion dollar company. And that's really a lot of the perspective that I take with people is elevating themselves to starting to treat. So I always treated my business as if we were Apple, or Google or Tesla or something like that, with that same level of excellence, but also efficiency. And that's what I try to impart and teach to people as well. So awesome. And to do so respectfully. Like you don't need to be a loose cannon like Steve Jobs was, you know, I've heard Elon is kind of a loose cannon to a lot of CEOs or loose cannons a lot of these billionaires are and honestly it's because they haven't worked through a lot. Actually Elon, his biography was great. There was a section he's like, I don't want to really do therapy to deal with my demons because I'm not sure I could make as much money. He actually admitted he was honest. He actually admitted that he's like, he's like I have this really kind Elon version that most people see front facing. He's like, but and he he's like, but his girlfriend call it demon mode that he goes into where he's like, straight up like just ruthless. And sometimes he taps into this darkness, whatever it is that he says comes from his childhood. That makes them more efficient. Now, I don't necessarily think we have to do that. Right. But I think we can learn from like, what are the positives of some of that efficiency, so Hopefully that was helpful.

[1441:07] Mark Phelps: Very helpful. Awesome. Love it.

[1441:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Marcus Marcus O'Dell.

[1442:52] Marcus Odell: Oh, can you hear me?

[1443:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. How are you? Yeah. Great.

[1444:04] Marcus Odell: Thanks for the Wednesday edition question answer. Yeah. We're just two quick questions. That GPT has a new rival, which is the Google bar Gemini. I don't know if you're familiar with it. But

[1449:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's, it's not as good as GPT for by any means for the stuff that we recommend using it for. It's a decent Wallet. So it's really cool. If you're building software, I think Gemini is the answer that most software developers have needed, because they're allowing you to build it on their API for free. So that's really cool. And I love that. If I was building an app with AI, today, I would use Gemini over open AI, because it's just you just that that cost is eliminated right there. However, for the average person building coaching programs and courses and all that, it's not necessarily at that level, it has a few use cases, I use it for research, because it's connected to Google. And it's good. It's a Google product. But for the way that we teach using chat, it's up to you to really come up with your offers and all that. I've tested them across the board and GPT for not the free version, not 3.5, because Gemini is only equal to GPT 3.5. Now, this may change when they launched the pro version later, early 2025, or 2024. Again, the whole landscape of AI is about to change. I don't think y'all are ready for what's about to happen in 2024. Like, everything is about to accelerate, even crazier in the AI world. And a lot of like stuff with robotics is going to start to come into this, I think we're gonna probably start to really see real robotics and stuff and things like that, combined with AI. Some of the stuffs can be a little bit scary. But yeah, Gemini, it's a it's an interesting API. But I wouldn't say it's a replacement for GPT for by any means, right now. Could be later though. And here's the thing. Google has more data than any other company on the planet that they could use to create the very best artificial intelligence. And so actually, long term, I actually do think that Google may surpass GPT. But currently, and from what I understand, they're having a little bit of issues, building it, and doing so legally, that they're trying to really kind of cover their butt a little bit to not get sued. And so that's why the quality isn't necessarily as good as open AI. Because chat GPT they haven't had a ton of lawsuits. In the last year or so. From company, there is a big one, The New York Times is now suing them because they trained it all on the New York Times articles for writing. Whereas Google Now here's the thing, I bet Google, they've created some way where they're possibly training it that way, but they're doing it in a way where it's not obvious. And it's hidden. And that's why it's taking longer. And that's what I would bet I'm not privy to any insider information. I don't know that. But that's interesting. The other side of it is the cost of what builds these artificial intelligence engine engines is graphics processing units, GPUs, from companies like AMD and Nvidia. Are you familiar with those? Yeah, so the cost of all those is getting down like crazy. I want to show you something. I just purchased a computer. I purchased a computer last week. This is a full gaming computer with an AMD processor in it that rivals some of the fastest desktop PCs eight years ago. And a portable form factor. It literally produces graphics better than a PlayStation five and Xbox series X. And you can take it with you and it has two to three hours of battery life. It's the the Asus r o g ally. It's about $700 at Best Buy. And it's it's literally it's a Windows PC like it's just it's just Windows that's all it is. And you can install games on it and all that it's it's it's incredible technology. But what's powering this is what's going to be powering AI. So you're gonna see technology like this inside of your washing machines inside of your refrigerators inside of your home. home devices inside of your televisions inside of your, your, well actually cars like Tesla, they have even bigger GPUs than even something like this, but everything is going to be gonna have graphics processing units, things are gonna get cheaper and easier to use and all that. Over the years. Yeah, see, look, I bought the Elden ring game right here. So yeah. And it runs. It runs amazing on it too.

[1527:40] Marcus Odell: Okay, all right. Yeah. Last quick question. Last quick question is, let's say, for example, that you were kind of like, a Tony Robbins, who had lots of company. But let's say it's, we know that it's very important to focus on one company, the first time going into business. Yeah. What are your energy in one company? But if you have a different company, 2345 10 companies in the coaching business? How would you organize that? on that level? Oh,

[1537:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah. So you would organize that really, from the perspective of I would probably offer some sort of software, though, that they all connect through. So you have a connecting tool that has software. And then what you might do is you might offer different coaching for users of that software as far as that goes. Or you might find a wide range of various coaches that you bring them all under a specific umbrella. And the way that I look at this is like media conglomerates, or I look at this, like podcasting agencies or publishing houses to where they might have multiple authors under one publishing house, but to where you would really you probably wouldn't have ownership over all these offers. But you would probably have other people that are actually kind of running them for you. And you have a small, more of a minority stake in them. Alex or Mozi is doing this right now with his what he calls his portfolio of companies. So you have to be making I believe it's 5 million EBITDA EBIT. Uh, and so that's earnings before income tax, and what is it EBITA earnings before anybody else know, EBIT, earnings before interest, tax? Depreciation, AMORT. Depreciation and amortization. Yeah, EBIT? Ah, that's what it is. So it's net income before that, and so you gotta be at 5 million EBITA. And that he will invest in your company to grow you to 10 to 20 million as far as that goes. But again, are you at that stage right now?

[1564:32] Marcus Odell: Oh, no, no, not not.

[1565:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we want to be, we definitely want to be careful to not get distracted with like, thought experiments like that I used to get really caught up in a lot of that. And now I just focus on what's right in front of me today that I can take advantage of that I'm called to do. And I think that's the thing focus on one thing, you know, multiple streams of income. And it's really, in the beginning, it's kind of a fallacy. multiple streams of income happens after you've made one or two things really successful. Gosh, I was listening to literally Joe Rogan and the rock talk about that, by the way, their podcast episodes awesome. So I want to like it's just a dose of a blast of positivity, mixed with a bunch of F words and awesomeness, but a lot of testosterone in there. But like they were talking about, there's something magical that happens when you just like you commit yourself to being excellent at one thing at some time in your life, because then you can become excellent at other things. And I think that that's really cool. Because I think a lot of people spread themselves too thin by trying to become excellent at a lot of things. And, and I was somebody that actually was doing this for years, this is probably one of the biggest reasons why it took me so long to make money in my coaching business, because I was trying to become excellent at all these different things. I want to do comic books, and music and software development and, and, and coaching and courses, and I wanted to teach people and I wanted to make movies and I had all these ideas. And those are passions of mine still. And also I love playing video games, I want to create video games. But what's right in front of me today? Well, I know how to make people extremely wealthy with courses and online coaching, if they're willing to do the tough things. And so that's what I've committed to focusing on and really laid aside a lot of those other dreams that I've had to really max out this area of my life now those dreams are not laid aside forever. You know, I have a vision of myself when I'm 50 years old, to I think a number of those dreams are probably also going never come to fruition. But today, what I got in front of me is those y'all that are right here on this call today. How can I help you be the most successful that you can possibly be? Thank you. Yeah. All right. Cool. Awesome. Well, hey, thanks, everybody. These are great questions. We just concluded this call here. As I mentioned, the doors close at midnight tonight for the accelerator enrollment. So jump on in there, try it out for 30 days. We'd love to have you in there. And we'll talk soon. I'll see you on our jumpstart training call. Have a good one.

