VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-11-15T21:46:59.000Z
Duration: 57 min
Otter ID: RHPW1Sl55Mne80yfW4aAusVsEys
---

[0:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: We go into the VIP offer VIP. Let's just bring this over here to the stream here we're gonna go live in our celebrated group J three VIP q&a

[9:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: CG accelerator

[11:24] Speaker 1: All right

[13:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello, hello. Hello up in here in the VIP room. How's everybody doing? Today hope today's session was informative was was helpful for you today. So listen, again, we're gonna take our q&a, raise your hand if you got questions. Let me know what you're working through where you're at, where things are going. If you got anything you want me to walk you through, you want to rewind back to go over about the process, putting all that together, let me know. And then jump on here. With your question, happy to be here again today. Awesome. That's great. Hey, again, listen, raise your hand and ask any questions that you gotta

[29:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's no reason to be stuck in your business at all. There's not anybody have any questions here today?

[34:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: How much does chat GPT cost GPT? Four, it's $20 a month. Judy, what's up, Judy? How are you?

[37:38] Judy Cunningham: I'm great. I'm going to have to look at day. Today's lesson again. Because you go too fast for my slow by my slow man. Um, but what I need is when I go on my Apple Store trying to get the right. The right chatbox or whatever you call it the chat for I can't tell which one is the right one.

[45:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the one that's by open AI on the Apple Store

[47:13] Judy Cunningham: on your phone open and then

[48:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you type in chat GPT. And it's the very top one it says official app. And then underneath chat GBT, it says open AI the official app by chat GPT. So that's it. That's the official one.

[52:10] Judy Cunningham: So many out there you can tell which is the right one?

[53:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, these other ones are people that are using the API. And basically selling that to you through their app and selling it at a little bit of a premium a little bit of an upcharge there. So they're making some money off of it. But yeah, generally, if you type in chat GPT it's the one that comes up at the very top is the official one. So okay, right. Yeah. All right. All right. Well, hey, listen, again, this is our q&a here today after today's session, you got any questions about building your business about getting clients about building your offer, um you know, as as a business owner, like that's, that's that needs to be the main focus is getting more clients in overall. And so whatever is preventing you from getting consistent clients each month, to where you're making profit and your business that needs to be. We want to solve for that we want to figure out how to help you move forward in those areas. And it's usually a lot simpler than we think it is. The answers to our questions are a lot simpler than we think they are. What I found in my experience is most people just don't ask they're either too embarrassed to ask. They don't know what to ask, which by the way, if you don't know what to ask, sometimes just the back and forth conversation can help us get to the right question, which is cool. So anyways, don't don't be no need to be shy over here. I love helping you guys and answering this question. Hey, Janelle, what's up? Janelle? How are you?

[80:37] Jinell Garcia: I'm good, how are you?

[81:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good, I'm

[81:18] Jinell Garcia: doing great. Good. Um, so yeah, today was, my mind was spinning, you were going so fast, but it made sense what you were doing. So I do just have the free version, and I do use it a lot. And I'll probably upgrade down the road, but I really appreciated, I didn't ever think about taking somebody else's copy in there and asking them to rewrite it for me. And that gives

[88:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you ideas for your copy that you can file is what it is. So I love doing that. I'll, I have a swipe file in Evernote with like 50 sales letters from people that are in my same industry. And so what I do is I'll take kind of what my offer is in questions, and I'll tell it to rewrite for what I'm trying to offer based on these different sales letters. And it gives me a lot of great ideas. And I think for any niche in any in any industry, you can do that. And when it comes to sales copy, like when it comes to sales copy for a landing page, right? That's, that's that's actually how we used to, if we think back to before AI. For years, we taught how to write copy manually, That's literally how we actually taught to write it was you go find other copy. And then you say, Okay, how do you reword this, that was a really good hook for your business. So that's what's awesome now is the AI can literally intelligently do that for us. And it saves so many hours, I remember writing a sales letter used to take like a week to two weeks. And now for this for this the same or better quality. I can use chat GBT and about if I'm wrong, I've spent about two hours on a sales letter, just going back and forth, or chat CBT. And you all saw how quickly I do it. It's because I've been doing it for a while which at GPT. I was trying to kind of get it, I was trying to get it all in before the top of the hour, so that we didn't have to take all of tomorrow to go over what I was sharing today. So again, you will want to definitely watch back rewind through how I was using that the prompts that are in the prompt document, you can paste those in there, and they can help you do that. So

[117:47] Jinell Garcia: yeah, it's definitely been a great tool for me, like I try to get an email out every Wednesday and yeah, last night. So like I'm like, Okay, so I'm struggling with my idea. And it's late and everything and you know, things in into the prompt, but then it's like it's not quite, and I go back and write and then I like, Oh, this is what I want to ask it. It's really been helpful.

[123:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's a great thing, too. You can literally say, Hey, I'm trying to figure this out. What's the best way to ask you about this or something? That's where to ask AI. And it will actually it will actually tell you how to ask it what you're struggling to ask, which is personalized

[127:07] Jinell Garcia: it yet like you on the side. So I think I need to do that. I think that would be for me GPT

[128:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the paid version, it's exponentially better, smarter, the outputs are higher quality. Overall, compared to the free one, you're gonna just the way that it crafts, the language is so much better. And they just updated a whole new version of it. Like this week, that's even better, it's a little bit different. I've been playing around with it a little bit differently. Overall, though, it's a lot more versatile. For what we teach you how to do I can tell you today right now is the best time to use AI. With all the new features they just rolled out about a week ago. They have this one new feature that I didn't even go over today just because it's like it's different. But it's called these G PTS where you get to create these custom versions of Chad GBT based on the task you want it to do. So that's why I'm like I said, I'm working through creating a few of these. But anybody can go in and create one. And basically you talk to chat GPT to create it and tell it how you want it to do so like if you want it to write emails for you, you can create your own custom email writing GPT so that it always knows what you're doing. You can actually load up files with knowledge about your business into it. Wow, that's yeah, so and they just added that this week to the paid to the paid version. So that's a game changer. It really is. It's, I'm using it, I'm more testing it. It's not to the point that I use it as part of my main workflow. But it is pretty cool as far as like, how we're able to do that. I quickly made one right here just to create podcast titles, or I can paste my transcript for my podcasts and it'll spit out the titles, the descriptions, all of that for my podcast and one prompt.

[158:49] Jinell Garcia: Very nice. So yeah, it's pretty crazy. Well, I have to work Question for you. And I know earlier in the week you had mentioned what you use but right now what I'm finding and this is a little off topic is I have WordPress and I'm using mailer light. WordPress. I feel like it's it's a semi truck with all this great stuff, but it's hard to drive. Yeah, um, would you recommend getting off of WordPress because as much as I love it, I had my website built on it and everything and it looks great, but I just feel like I'm not taking full advantage of it.

[169:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I like as far as simplicity goes, I love Squarespace. Squarespace. I love using Squarespace. I recommend people if like they're not super, super tech savvy square. So it Squarespace I think is the easiest platform for anybody to kind of just jump into and learn. And then like that's why there's a course in our members area that's all about building funnels in Squarespace as part of my accelerator program, because that's what I teach people how to use is to build the landing pages in Squarespace. One thing that you can do, instead of having to get rid of the whole WordPress site is you could create a subdomain. That's just the Squarespace site for landing pages for different offers that you're putting out there. But overall, yeah, WordPress, WordPress was really cool when it came out. And there was nothing else like it out there. I mean, it was like, you either had to code your whole website as a coder Are you had WordPress, so that was a breakthrough when it came out? Well, I've learned to use

[185:26] Jinell Garcia: it like I just created a landing page. I'm real happy with it and everything. But yeah, order to get it to, to work, you know, it's like, I gotta figure out WooCommerce if I'm going to take payments, and I gotta figure out all this up, I'm gonna do Yeah. So Okay. All right. Well, thanks, WordPress works.

[190:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: My mom still uses WordPress, but I'm not a huge fan of it, people, especially if you're starting out. If you know how to use it, it's great because you don't have the learning curve of learning something else. But I like Squarespace for how easy it is to learn. And the price is really affordable for what you get. So yeah, thank you. Yeah. All right, Cassandra, what's up, Cassandra?

[197:58] Speaker 4: Alright, what's up?

[199:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, I can't hear you very well. Can you come a little closer to your microphone?

[199:58] Speaker 4: Okay. All right. I hope that's a little bit better. Is that better? Yeah, that's

[201:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little bit better.

[201:39] Speaker 4: Okay. Let's see, um, two questions. One. So, you know, I want to do personal development. So, as I do personal development, I would do similar to you in telling people how to build their coaching business. Also. Is that a question? Yeah. The question is, I'm trying to understand how to put my program together for my, my girl.

[210:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you're teaching personal development, what are they developing, and what outcome is going to come out of them growing and developing, so you got this person who maybe is insecure, scared, struggling XYZ in life, you're going to coach them, help them feel more confident? And now what is that going to produce in their life? Okay, so then that's going to be based off of who the person is that we're looking to reach. So personal development for a teacher is different than personal development for parent, which is different than personal development for an entrepreneur, which is different than personal development for coaches and consultants overall. What so just depends on who we're wanting to reach, is the messaging that you use to attract that person, you know, saying, Hey, I'm going to show you how to make a lot of money in your coaching business, that's not going to attract very many people that want to learn how to grow personally in their parenting, right? This logically, that makes sense. So it's like the words that we use. That's where it all kind of starts with as we figure out where we're aiming the direction of our sales copy and our language. And then that's who decides who we end up attracting? Here's one of the issues that I did notice that ends up happening, especially with like beginning mentors and coaches. And there's something I think all of you, like, need to take notes on. What I'm about to say right now, is that oftentimes, when you're starting out with your offer, with your language with your coaching, you can end up attracting people that they might say that they're a good fit for what you're doing, but they're really just Wishful Thinkers, if that makes sense. And they're not actually looking to apply what you're doing. And so like, for instance, In my business, the people that I really focus on and I spend the most time with are the people that spend time in my VIP program. And here, the people who join my accelerator program, I have over 1500 people that got on my email list this month. But, and then about 220 of them join the VIP. And out of that I've maybe talked to a third of those people maybe close to like 60 to 70 of those people. So that 60 to 70 people is really who I focus my energy on the ones who are willing to show up the ones who are willing to take the time to actually spend time with me, and to listen, here's something and I was just thinking about this this morning. And I bear with me here, as I explain this a little bit. Number one, when you're marketing, and you could get like 100 people that sign up for an offer, like for today I had 220 people that signed up, but you notice there's only on day 314 People in the VIP call. So that's less than 10% of who actually registered for the whole five day intensive. Okay. And by the way, those numbers are actually really good. They're by design. Most people who sign up for a webinar or for a training, they're not even going to show up to listen to you. So you're our first goal is a to get people to show up. And because like 99% of the time, people aren't even going to show up engage. You know, they're just signing up for something because they saw an ad and that makes them feel like they did something to sign up. But they aren't even going to watch the content, they might watch the recording, right? So I focus in on who's really leaning forward, who's really showing up what are those questions that they have, and because because of the numbers of people that are actually showing up, we want to make it to where we can attract as many of the right qualified people as possible. The mistake to this that I see that coaches make is they're like, Okay, I need a lot of people to join my email list to be able to reach and to sell to people. So they go really wide with their offer. And they're very generic because they're trying to reach more people. And that's a really big mistake. And we and we've tested this out by one of my just most famous campaigns, and we spent a lot of money on this. And so it was even a better case study because of how much money we had spent on it. When I when we were working with Rick Pino for his music coaching. We went wider from worship music to all Christian songwriters. You think okay, it's more people, less people actually showed up because it wasn't specific enough. Wow. Well, even though we were reaching a wider audience in general, like there are more people that identify as Christian songwriters. As we're worship songwriters. Worship songwriters is a smaller sub genre of the Christian songwriters. Law less people actually showed up because we weren't specific enough in the offer. Whoa. And so that's where getting specific about who you're wanting to reach, and then figuring out what is going to really motivate those people to actually show up. And so, again, that language is so unique. As far as we tried out three different pieces of language. We did your one song away how to write that one hit song that's going to go viral. Very few people actually showed up for that. We tried one that was called Launch your music. It did okay. But the one that did really well was get your music heard, because it had to do with what they actually desired. They wanted to get their music heard. And so leading with launching their music, a lot of these people had already launched music but couldn't get it heard. So we spoke to their problem, their pain point and their goal in one sentence for the offer, which is why less people showed up when we did a hey, we're going to show you how to write a killer song that goes viral. Even though we basically taught the same thing. Rick and I taught it together. He did the first two days that we shared day number three, I helped him do the clothes on it closing the sales. It did really good with sales, but it got less sales, the less specific it was and then we tried to make it super generic as far as who it was for last people showed up in general. And so we flipped it right back just to see if it was a fluke and we got a ton of sales the next month by making it more specific. So that's where The language that you use in your sales copy, determines who actually shows up and who doesn't. And here's a case in point, I ran a webinar a month and a half ago, called Grow your coaching business with AI. I had almost nobody who showed up to that training. Wow. But when I do something around, like grow your coaching business with Facebook ads, or start a coaching business, I get a lot of people who show up, I did an I did a five day intensive back in April, called Grow your coaching business with Zoom events, that was a little bit different, because the idea of doing zoom events triggered a few of the fears and people so you want to be careful if your offer triggers the fear initially in the title that people have. And so it was a lot of it wasn't the right people were actually showing up for that offer for me. And so it's really identifying what is the way that you describe your offer, how you connect with people to really attract the right people at the right stage. If you think back to day number one, I talked about this, the customer and client timeline. You know, let's say you got a 20 year timeline. If I look at coaches and mentors and authors that are out there, I know a ton of them that went from nobody knew who they were to multimillionaire. When they started out, they dabbled a little bit, maybe they wrote a book, maybe they started making social media content, maybe they did a podcast, but they weren't really serious about it becoming a business at that point. So what I actually look for is I don't even focus on that group of people very much. I focus on the ones that are willing to cross over to at being a full time business, to where they're looking to actually take action to make a full time income with the thing that they had been doing, or they're starting it with business acumen in mind. And so this is why I tell people listen.

[350:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sure, go ahead, take 10 years to create content gain some traction, and most coaches and mentors don't make any money doing that, because that's the traditional way that people teach to do it. It's better to do simultaneously where you're bringing in cash flow, so that you can leverage it to reach more people, and you have a growing business because here's the thing, if you gain the momentum today, there's no truer statement than this in the coaching industry, the best time to start your business was yesterday. The second best time is today. And so the worst time to start your business is going to be tomorrow. And it really is the case because of how there is momentum that's built, the longer we delay doing the things that are going to gain us momentum, the further out our goals end up becoming. And I can I can tell you from my own experience, you know, I look back and I almost I felt a sense of embarrassment of this for a while I don't feel as much embarrassment anymore. You know, I had been in this industry for 20 years. And I completely did not take advantage of all the resources that I had access to until just a couple of years ago because I didn't think I was good enough. And really, it was my own perfectionism was the problem. It had nothing to do with me not being good enough. It had everything to do with me feeling like I had to be perfect before I was worthy of having a successful business. That was the area I worked on the most that I think had the most impact was learning to not need everything to be perfect before I put it out there in the public.

[377:21] Speaker 4: Okay, okay, that's good. This is really good stuff. Now my friend, Amos also signed up for this she's also in the program upward the Spree five days. And her question deals with she's into sales. She sells insurance. And she's doing, you know, well, but she would like to do a 10 extra sales. So Should she find a sales copy she already likes? Or she she

[385:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: does, she can pull a chat JpT for some of the sales copy. I don't know a whole lot about insurance. I actually did do some insurance lead generation like 10 years ago. But it wasn't really that like it was it was kind of gimmicky how I did it. As far as like being able to talk and communicate to and even use humor and stuff like that. For insurance. I think that that would be a great thing. But again, I focus strictly on the coaching and mentoring industry is what I help people with. That's what I know the most. And so I don't want to mislead you or your friend about anything in another industry that I might not know

[395:57] Speaker 4: she was thinking well, mostly because of my suggestion that she could maybe coach insurance folks, how to you know, supersize or Oh Oh, that's

[400:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: a great idea. There you go. Yeah, he's

[400:43] Speaker 4: a great recruiter. Okay, cool. Yeah.

[401:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So she could teach insurance people how to sell more and recruit better. That's a great niche right there. There's a huge need for that. And she could make seven figures doing that. That's right, yeah. And that's the thing, anything that you know how to do, you can teach it to other people. And you'll find enough people that want to learn it to make six and seven figures. Now, sometimes you might need to pivot slightly in the direction. And this is where we use what's called the feedback loop. And this is a part I hadn't talked about it as much. Today, I think I'm gonna talk about it a little bit more tomorrow. The feedback loop is to where I listened to what I talked about a little bit yesterday, but I listened to what are the questions people are asking me. And so those really have to do with what I need to deliver to people. Like, for instance, in my accelerator group, we had a lot of people asking for checklists of what to do. So we went in, and in all my courses, I just added a checklist to it this week. So they have all got checklists of all the step by steps that people need to do, which is really cool. So

[419:10] Speaker 4: yeah, all right. Okay, that's great. Thank you so much. Yeah. Edna,

[420:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's up, Edna? How are you?

[421:54] Speaker 5: Yeah, hello. Yeah. Without to know, thank you so much. Mr. Jeremiah, are you hearing me?

[423:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I hear you. Okay,

[424:29] Speaker 5: I from day one, I've always enjoyed your teaching, your coaching and all of that, actually, I want to be a coach and a mentor. And over the years, I've been looking into parenting and teenagers. I mean, the struggles involve, and the struggles or the challenges teenagers face, you know, in their day to day activities. And they are those you know, their emotions they are dealing with, the choices they make, and what the go through, you know, the fights within, you know how to open up and then because I have children of my own about four of them. So I know that our parents out there are going through the same struggle that I do. So I'm looking at how to reach out to such parents, and at the same time, the teenagers, so I don't know how to go about it, when I watch, you'll,

[440:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll reach the parents way more effectively than the teenagers themselves, just because the parents are going to be the ones that are probably going to consume the content, the teenagers are probably going to have very little respect for what you're doing overall. until like, maybe you create content that is relevant for the teenagers. An example of this, like Gary Vaynerchuk, he's been making content for 10 years now. He's pivoted all his content around teenagers. The funny part about that is he has a lot of parents that are really angry with him about what he says, because he tells them that sometimes what your parents are saying might not be the healthiest thing for you. Yeah, that's one side of it as far as that goes. So if we're talking about the parents reaching the parents crafting an offer around, what are those goals that parents have? What are the struggles that they have? Okay, and how can you help them, change their life change their, their children's future by working with them? So you want to have answers to those questions and use the API to be able to answer those questions with you.

[458:45] Speaker 5: Okay, and today talk about the acceleration program. I signed up for eats, but I was wondering, what will the pay bear? Like, if it's something that, you know, I'd be able to afford? I don't know, not seen our callback question I have. I'm a walking mom. And I'm thinking of her how do I go about my job, my daily activities with my kids and do these, you know, on the side, you know, as a coach,

[467:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think really, you you build it from the perspective of you gotta if it brings in enough revenue, it'd be nice if it could replace your main income is one thing. Yeah, that one's a lot easier. It's a lot easier in my experience to replace your income that you have now. And then to necessarily do it as like a side thing overall. And I find that that's where some people they might need to do the crossovers where it's like, having the goal of replacing and doubling whatever their main income is. I know a lot of people they work a job while they're building their coaching business. But what I find is that maybe they're they're dabbling, they're going really slow because they're not quite yet go all in with it. One of the things that I recommend doing is is to really just go all in as much as you can with your coaching business, and really try to grow it you Get some clients, get some people to work with, sell, sell your program and be able to structure that around when you do have time to work with people. And so because of that, you'll you'll be able to, you'll be more exclusive because you have less time to work with people, you know, my secondary job, if it were even building my business as I spend most of my time during the day with my wife and my son raising my son in our home. So really, as I would say, stay at home parent with my wife is a second job that I have, because I treat it that way I take it as seriously as that I invest as many hours as I would a job with parenting. And so because of that my time in coaching is limited because I build it around the parenting. So I have it structured differently to I don't build my, my I don't build my I don't do my parenting around my business, I build my business around my parenting. And that's one of the things that we want to do is we want to look at, what is the dream that you have for your life? What's the vision that you have for your life? How much money do you need to make to create that vision? And then work backwards from there to figure out, how can I bring in that much money? How can I restructure some things to be able to make that that kind of income, so that I can change things for me now, again, it's a process, it takes time to do that. But But it's possible to do that. unfortunate truth, though most people who set out to build a business on their own, are not successful, why? Number one, they don't have a mentor that knows how to help them. So if they go about it by themselves, it can actually be very difficult to do so. But number two, it can also just be they're not coming to grips face to face with what's stopping them from being able to build and take action and make decisions quickly. And so that's one of the biggest things is you want to work on anything that's extending the amount of time it takes for you to make decisions in your business. When I talk about making decisions, it's deciding what niche it is deciding what copy, deciding what to put up on a landing page deciding when you're going to host an event deciding what you might put into a free ebook. I see people they take 12 months to decide what to put on the cover of their ebook when they could have decided that in one day, but they were worried that it wasn't good enough. So they're taking a whole year to make it perfect. And I find that that's one of the biggest things that really stops people, when they could have had momentum going during that 12 months, by at least just putting something out there and just seeing what happens. Okay, you know, I'm a big proponent of an experimentation mindset, trying things out, laying down this idea of it has to be perfect in order for me to present it to the world. And, and that was something that, you know, again, I dealt with for a long time. I know a lot of people that I talk to, they're like, Well, I want it to be good enough for people to invest money with if I invest money in something, I want it to be quality. And so we have that idea in our mind, and it prevents us, we end up talking ourselves out of putting stuff out there because we don't think it's quite good enough yet. But we're our own worst critic is the thing. And so honestly, what I found is that like, for most people, what they are ready to launch, what they can at least come up with in 30 to 60 days is good enough to put out there. And then you start improving it over time. And that's really the best model to do things, instead of trying to get it all set up all built up. And then we finally put it out there. That's a recipe for disappointment and disaster because you're not testing what the marketplace is actually responding to. So you're putting a lot of energy into something without even knowing what's going to happen. And so it's put a little bit of energy into getting it good enough to put out there. And that good enough might be a level back from maybe what you think is the best that it could be it might be it might be one step behind that. But it's ready to at least put out there in public with people just to test it out. By doing that you're able to gain the momentum, and to gain the feedback and experiment and see how people respond to prove your idea. That's one of the biggest mistakes I see people do is they're trying to guess if their idea is a good idea before they even get feedback from real people.

[552:51] Speaker 5: Yeah, okay. Then for your acceleration program. Can you give us a hint of how the paid goals?

[555:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, what do you mean by that?

[556:05] Speaker 5: The acceleration program.

[556:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: When the door is open the accelerator program it's $2,000 for a year, it's $166 a month. Oh, okay. That's what it was last time we opened it. Yeah.

[559:23] Speaker 5: Okay. Thank you.

[560:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I can't charge less than that for it. I've had some people say, can you charge half that? I'm like, no, because, you know, I tried that out and honestly, like, it needs to be that price to really make sure that it's a good fit for the people that jump in. It's extremely cheap for what you get from

[565:26] Speaker 5: it. Okay, and we can actually pay monthly, right?

[566:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, there's a 30 day trial to when we do open the doors. And that's the thing now you got to pay for it to try it out. And so check it out. If you don't like it. You can leave. I have no qualms about because that's the thing as I want it to be a good fit for people that are in there. And we're improving it. We're making it better every month. And and it's a great experience. So all

[573:29] Speaker 5: right. Okay, thank you. All right.

[574:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Listen, we got about 15 more minutes left. If anybody wants to raise your hand ask questions go over anything. Talk about what we what we talked about what we discussed. Let me know. You want to talk about maybe your business your niche. Getting Started if you want to talk about advertising, marketing sales. Lorraine, let's take Lorraine and then I'll go to Janelle over here. What's up, Lorraine?

[582:28] Laurine: Hi, how are you? Good.

[582:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: How are you? Good.

[583:18] Laurine: I'm just getting started. And is my idea a good idea? I would like to do a survey. It just

[585:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: stuck with me what your voice sounds like you sound like Mel Robbins. Oh really reminds me of Mel Robbins. I love listening to her. And so like that voice sounds familiar. You got a similar tone to Mel Robbins a good similar Caden's, she's a multimillionaire coach and mentor. So okay,

[590:23] Laurine: I'll take it. Yeah. What tools would you suggest to do a survey? And I'm, I'm happy to play with the chat GPT to do the survey.

[593:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yay. Yeah. Um, and I mentioned that about your voice, because I really love Mel Robbins. So it was like, it was like, I was like, Why do I think Lorraine is just the coolest person? That's why how cool. So because I will I love Mel is why so all right. Um, as far as the surveying goes, there's a few mechanisms that you can use. One of the simplest, is if people are commenting on your social media, you can ask them questions, and just see what they respond back with. You can send an email out to your email list with a simple question or two and have them respond back. You can have a Facebook group, and there's questions when they join the Facebook group. That's what I use for my webinars, people join my webinars and trainings. And I got questions in the Facebook group that says, What are you struggling with? What would you like to learn? Besides that, there's also Google, I think Google Forms. It's a free survey form creation tool, you could send out a survey to people that they could fill out through that, I would recommend if they're not a paid client, no more than three questions. Because it can become really like, kind of daunting to have more than three questions with most people. And so three really good questions, again, the ones that I like or this, what are you struggling with the most as it relates to? And then what's the thing that you're going to teach them? So like, what are you struggling with the most that relates to growing your coaching business? That's the question I asked people. And then what would you like to learn the most? And if you and then the third one is if you could wave a magic wand and everything worked out in your business? What kind of results would you like to create? And those are questions that I love asking because it gives me a real good view, in their own words about what people really want to learn. And so what I try to do, not everybody fills it out. But anytime I host an event like this, I'm capturing answers to those questions. I'm documenting them, I'm recording them. And so even like this q&a Call right here tells me what are the mainly this q&a shows me? Where are people struggling in their business, I really get to understand those struggles and problems. I have this document right here that has answers to what people have told me. People want to learn how to create a great offer, how to create social media posts that don't feel qualified, but they know it's a lie from the pit of hell. They actually they want to turn their life around, they want to get more paid clients. So these are what people have told me that they want to learn during this five day event right here. What's so interesting is I'll take this and it's different than the questions that I actually get in the VIP. So my goal is I really want to align my offers more towards what I'm getting asked in the VIP more than anything else. Because then if I can get more VIPs and we're really dealing with the questions that people that are serious about getting their questions answered, You'd have to ask, we're going to attract a much more qualified person into our ecosystem.

[642:00] Laurine: Okay, that list that you have, and you've shown us that list a few times, I'm sure you did it in three seconds. If I did that, I would have to copy, paste, say, copy, paste, save. So how did you

[645:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: do? That's actually what I did, I just kind of copied and pasted it. So like for me, I, I would screenshot it on my phone anytime the questions came in, and then I would take a half hour, and I would just swipe through the pictures on my phone and type them in real quick. Google Docs auto saves for you. So that part is, that's why I like using Google Docs because it's always auto saved. And they have history of all the changes. And so that helps with that part of it. But yeah, I'm pretty much just copying and pasting. And then there's this document, it's 119 pages long. It goes back to I started creating the document in August of last year. So the bottom of the document is answers from people from August of last year. And I can actually see the progression of how the questions have changed even. So

[660:06] Laurine: thank you very much.

[660:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just me, it gives me a history as well. I can see how the market is changing. It gives me a great hint as to how my advertising is working, too. All right. Janelle, what's up, Janelle? How are you? And

[663:59] Jinell Garcia: good? Hey, I was looking at that thing on your board there that you had written about how you put something free out. And then but you want to get their email, you do that little thing in between before you do the big offer? Do you have a recommendation on timeframes that you send it out? Or are you doing it all at the same time? What do you do with that,

[669:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you do that, whenever you get somebody on the email list for a free offer, you want to within 21 days of that interaction, make some kind of a presentation to them. And a presentation can come in a number of different ways. It could be a short video, it could be you can literally do a presentation through an email series, even you could do a presentation through a short class that they attend, but you want to within 21 days of getting their email address, you want to tell them about what you're selling that's paid beyond 21 days, what we found is that the chances of them signing up and becoming a paid client are reduced by almost 80 to 90%. Oh, wow. So that's one of the things that ends up happening is when you grow an email list and you haven't sold to them, after about 21 days, the quality of the response is reduced by like 80%. And so selling to your email list within two to three weeks is the best thing to do. Then, after 21 days, we have what's called a follow up a nurture sequence to where you can still get people in, what you will do is basically you loop them right back into another another free thing or another class that you're doing. And so you're basically going to reengage them with another offer of some kind. So they and it could be the same offer. So like for instance, I have people who sign up for a training on starting a coaching business, they go through the training, they join the VIP, they didn't become a client. I don't see them next month, but I might see them like six months later. And because they didn't unsubscribe from my email list, they might join me for another training like this. And they're like, Okay, I've been following you for six months. Now I'm ready to jump in with you. And so that's why I just keep re engaging until people unsubscribe from my email list. Now, the other thing is, is this and this is something that some people in the beginning shudder at a little bit when I say it, but it's very important. Experienced marketers know that it's important to email your list consistently, at least once a day to get people gain. Wow. Yeah, yeah, a lot of people say wow, but it's funny as the people who are actually making money in coaching, all agree you have to email your list at least once a day. Because you because a you're showing up in front of them and reminding them that you're still there at some point. So what I might do is I might send out a piece of content or a blog post or a podcast. It's not necessarily an ask to buy from me, but it's just something to engage with that person that's on my list as far as that goes. And here's my thing is if it gets annoying to them, I want them to unsubscribe as fast as possible. My goal is to get people to unsubscribe as quickly as possible, because that's going to translate to more sales overall. Rather than being very careful and cautious to not over bombard them with too many messages.

[718:28] Jinell Garcia: Got it? Got it. So daily dripping.

[719:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you don't do every day. I mean, at least every other day, I wouldn't go more than a week without sending something out. That can be you know, and by the way, I don't follow these rules to a tee all the time myself. But I do my best to as much. Sometimes I'll email twice a day. And I'll get the occasional net like message from somebody that's like, you know, who do you think you are, you should be in jail for emailing me this many times, things like that. Like, I literally have people who send me that and I'm just like, daily, you know, I ignore it. It used to bother me when I would get those messages. Now I'm just like, okay, because I know that as part of the process of marketing is once somebody joins my email list is I want to stay engaged with them and email. And the other thing is, is when you're running the paid advertising, you can, if you have their information, and they visited your website for at least six months, you can do what's called a retargeting ad campaign, where you show up with an ad in front of people who've already engaged with you. And the cost of a retargeting ad is much cheaper than a cold ad, because they already know who you are. So what we do, oftentimes, as I'm spending a good portion of our ads budget, just retargeting anybody who's visited my website in the last six months, which is why all anybody who's here, you probably have been seeing my ads for a while running, because I'm retargeting you if you had visited my website, or if you even engaged on any content on my social media, as far as that goes. And so from there, I'm able to show up in front of the most qualified people. There's a third stage of it, how do you actually find new people, and we're gonna go over this tomorrow. With the paid advertising, you can create a bucket of people where the algorithm finds people that are most likely to actually take action with you. And the AI analyzes how they interact on the internet, how they, the things they say, on their social media, and all that this is all true, like you don't see it. But the AI knows all this. And it decides to be able to show your content to people that are more qualified for what you're doing. So you can really dial in when you run paid ads. And this is where it doesn't become an expense. And it actually becomes a very cost effective way to grow your business when you know how to use paid ads the right way. I meet a lot of people in the coaching business that say, you know, can you just show me how to do it with organic means that don't cost paid advertising. And I saw one of the top marketers that are out there that teaches how to do it through organic means. He made a post yesterday that I saw that I was like, okay, he's saying exactly what I'm saying. There's only two ways to actually get people into your coaching business. And there's only one way organically, you have to cold DM people, well, you can literally direct message them and tell them, Hey, join me for this training. So unless you're cold, DMing people, you have to run paid ads. And that's really the part is like people don't realize, as okay, I don't want to run paid ads, they tell me show me an organic method. And then they, the problem is in coaching, your content doesn't necessarily go as viral as we want. A lot of people who don't, they might engage a little bit. But you have to if they engage, you have to now direct message those people and push them over to something else that you're doing. And so that's the organic way to do it is where you DM everybody who responds to any of the stuff that you're doing on social media. Personally, I don't like doing that I don't do it myself part of it just because of boundaries. I don't want to also have a lot of, I mean, I have a lot of women who follow me. And so I don't want to be DMing a lot of women and some of them like thinking that there's other intentions, I mean, I'm just integrity wise, it's something I don't want to do. And so, um, that's a big part of it for me, is to really like do something that doesn't require me to have to DM everybody and respond to DMS. And to do that, I might respond quickly to a DM but nine times out of 10, I have my assistant go in and do that too, as well. And so I really have that boundary to where I respond to people, if they're in a VIP like this, which is a paid setting, or they're in my accelerator program. And those are really the main ways to engage. One of the mistakes that a lot of other coaches and mentors make is they become way too available. They become way too easy to get a hold of, you know, and in the beginning, it's like why don't have any clients. So I want to become really easy to get a hold of, I can tell you that was one of the biggest mistakes that I made. And my business started to grow when I became just a little less easy to get a hold of. And I had to make sure that people had to jump through at least one Hooper's or two to be able to get a hold of me like they had to sign up for something they had to pay a small fee to be able to get access to me and that's when my business actually started making money was when I started doing that. And so that's one of the biggest things that I would say It is. Boundaries is a huge part of our strategy when it comes to building business. Once somebody is in a VIP like this, I'm and I'm super down to earth and done a talk with them. But it's like, especially for me, I'm not I'm not gonna be my son, Titan, they won't let me he will if I am on my phone while I'm hanging out with him, he will cry and hit it away. And he will cry if I pick it back up. So I've realized, okay, the phone has to be set aside. When I'm hanging out with him. I just at 10 months old, he feels that dad is disconnected from him. Wow. And I don't know what that might do to his brain, seeing his dad ignoring him to some device, you know, I mean, so clearly, it agitates him. And I've heard a lot of kids of this generation really don't like seeing their parents on the phone when they're hanging out, though. You know, it's funny, I grew up with my parents on the phone all the time. So that was a little bit different. It's a different generation now raising kids. And so I got pretty hefty boundaries. I'm not on the computer and not on the phone when I'm with my son. You know, that's awesome. Yeah. Okay, yeah. And I don't say that to like, get a pat on the back or anything. It's just, it's just something that's kind of organically happened. Yeah. Now, if he's sleeping, and he's laying on me, I'll be like, I'll tell my wife. Okay, bring the laptop over. And I'll have my like, little Macbook right here while he's sleeping. And I'll have the laptop right there doing some stuff, you know, but

[823:59] Jinell Garcia: they need that they need that time. They definitely need that. Oh, yeah,

[824:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually great. And I'm doing that now. You know, at the same time, I have a management time I have business build. And but I'm right. I'm right. He knows where I'm at. Sometimes he's sad that I have to go upstairs and go to work. Yeah. But he, he'll, he's usually he just needs to get distracted by some something else. And then he's, you know, on to the next thing. Definitely. So I'm just glad I don't have to go out to work somewhere. So that's

[834:48] Jinell Garcia: what I'm trying to avoid.

[835:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's amazing. I'm super grateful for that. So yeah, ya know, I always thought as a dad, I was going to be somebody that went out to work. And now I can see. To that I, that I don't have to I don't think that goes at least while they are, when they're older, feels a little bit different, you know, having an office and stuff like that. More staff and things like that. But yeah, right, you can build the business virtually working five to 10, at the most 15 hours a week, my mom, my mom, figure businesses working No. For like 1015 years. And so

[847:36] Jinell Garcia: you broke up for just a moment there. How long? How many hours a week to work

[849:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: 18 hours a week for the last 50 works like five to seven hours a week. And so, and a big part of that is delegation, having other people to our time consuming things like that? Yeah, it's, you know, I look at it, and I tell my group this like, especially as a coach, as a mentor, let's, let's look at ourselves as a CEO, how I look at it as the CEO of a corporation or a company. take it that seriously. Now what's cool is you get to make the rules, because you're the CEO. So you're gonna work 100 hours neglect, your family will not all CEOs do that. But you get to make the rules. And that's the thing as far as that

[862:38] Jinell Garcia: goes. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.

[863:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Well, hey, this has been great. It's been great q&a time, excited for tomorrow, because we're going to be really going over some more technical stuff. I know some of y'all had some technical questions. A little bit of that I'm going to break down into a more serving and some of the tools that we use and different types of tools to automate things. Because we'll use tools to automate stuff. And then I work with I got, I got to know I actually now I have four people in the Philippines that work for me. I have a designer, a an app developer, we're developing an app for for a client. I'm looking to like I actually want to add app development as part of our repertoire. I am not offering that to anybody right now. I'm improving it while I'm doing it. It's a lot harder than I thought it would. But I'm learning like how to develop an app from scratch. I have my video editor I got an advertising person that actually uploads my ads for me. That's in the Philippines and they charge between three $7 An hour For doing that, and that's a and then I got three people that worked part time for me here in the United States as well. So I love the fact that we can part time with my sister in

[883:20] Laurine: law have some work too.

[884:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Which is awesome that really helped us with the baby and, and things like that his auntie gets to be around, she used to get paid to spend time with her nephew, so seem to be able to create jobs for people. Um, you know, in the beginning, I like using a combination of people that are in the US, the US and overseas. I find you get the same quality from like, video people and graphics designers and all that as overseas. And actually that I think they were better overall. So I'm a big fan of using those different resources. All right, everybody. I'm going to log off here. I will see you guys tomorrow. And we'll talk soon. Have a good one. How much thank you. Yeah, I might need it. I might need to check that cable. It might be as the cable cutting out on me here. I think my computer might be given a few issues as far as that goes. So um, yeah, one of the questions Cassandra is you really just asked, you know, what are you struggling with as it relates to this area that they're dealing with? You can ask chat GPT to give you like, what are 20 pain? That's one thing and what are 20 pain points that people who need personal development that our parents for example, have? And Chad TPT can give you some of those answers, which is cool. All right. See y'all tomorrow, and we'll talk soon. Have a good one. Thank you.

