2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-07-18T19:33:07.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: aZevHWwtgSnUiFYMx8b8gDEJJPI
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right. Here we go let's go live into our Facebook group here copy the invite link. And you know normally this is our our slowest q&a. Join us live on zoom here

[10:48] Speaker 0: q&a We're gonna go do it in the July there we go. Perfect shared in the group going live. Awesome. All right All righty. Hello, hello, hello. Good morning. You know, it's fascinating.

[17:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been doing these live events for about a year and a half year straight here. We did a lot of them with Rick and stuff like that. The bonus q&a, I love providing this to people because it gives people a chance to ask questions, and I just I love interacting with people. The Tuesday bonus q&a has the lowest attendance from people, which is so interesting that when you don't have a like a focus for people to show up, I'll get 50 to 100 people to show up on a webinar. But I'll maybe get two that will show up. And I'd say it's an open q&a. And it's a testament to the process of just having value out there to people. Unless you anchor it around a purpose. People won't show up in the fat. So the fact that like you guys are here is awesome. It's a great intimate setting where I what I love is like, the depth of the questions that we're probably going to get to today is going to be really incredible. But yeah, it's usually it's like after doing a five day event and all that the Tuesday one is usually the lowest attended the next week. And I used to take it personally like what did I do wrong? Why do people not like me? No, that's just how people are. We've had a ton of amazing people jumping into the accelerator this past week. So I'm excited for that. Bunch of people getting started with us. We have our accelerator jumpstart training, which is going to be tomorrow at 3pm. And for those of you I mentioned, you know we were closing on our house yesterday, we couldn't close because the air conditioning went out. So now the seller has to fix the AC unit. But we are clear to close with our financing. So that's all done. We're just waiting on the seller to confirm the ac actually works here in the hot Texas sun. At this point we shouldn't close on Friday, which is great. So we're excited for that. Anyways, this is an open q&a. I kind of have no agenda for this. This is asked me anything that you want. Raise your hand. Sherry's got her hand raised. What's up, Sherry, how are you?

[52:12] Speaker 2: Hey, I'm good. I'm good. Awesome. I have a question about

[54:00] Speaker 0: your

[54:24] Speaker 2: I know your strategic. So I'm curious the strategy for

[55:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: what strategic thinking though. And some areas like through like, is there a master strategy behind it? No, I just haven't really thought about it.

[58:19] Speaker 2: Well, what I'm thinking about is the fact that when everything says that you're let's say at 11 o'clock, my time something's going to begin. You have that? The music and the countdown timer, but it really doesn't start till like five or 10 After right?

[62:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's because we found that most people don't actually roll in until about five to 10 after

[64:08] Speaker 2: Okay, that's what I figured.

[65:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it lets me sort of push that out to where I'm actually talking to people when there is that and it anchors it to where people are late, they don't feel like they're late and then decide because here's the thing if people are late, and there's not a timer, what we found is a tendency of those people who show up late they end up leaving because they feel like they missed out on the beginning. Haha And so there is a strategy behind that and I like this. And I And how did I figure this out? I figured it out by just observing what are other people doing or I saw Tony Robbins and Dean grazioso do the same thing. And I thought it was a great idea. And so they did a little timer. They do a one hour countdown timer though which is very interesting. They literally will have it go live an hour before they show up. And then they start about 10 minutes after the top of the hour in the seminar world because we used to do a lot of we would do hotel seminars with 2500 people in the Hilton Anatole in Dallas Dallas, in person, we would do that with Danny Johnson. And we would do the same thing we would say it would start at 9am. Doors, and we would actually tell people doors open at 905. And then Danny got on the stage at like 929 30. So we would give people 30 minutes just to come in the room. And you got like, you see all the different personalities, part of her training was she would do this personality training the like, based on disk with the four different quadrants, she would call them gems. So she would have Ruby, Sapphire, emerald, and Pearl, it was a really fun thing, you would notice the different personalities would directly correlate to when they would show up in the room. So like the more analytical like accountant types, they would be right on the dot right at versus the more like, add personalities, they would always be coming in, like when she's getting on stage, and they'd have their coffee, and they'd be all flustered and then rushing to the front row where they had their seat. Or they would come in and like put their books down and then leave. And so it's so funny, just all these different personalities as you start dealing with people. You'll notice just people's behavior is like that. And so what I found is instead of being like, Oh, well, they should be on time, like I just I just go with the flow. And yeah, and I found Yeah, starting about five minutes after seems to do good. Even 10 minutes after my help I look at the data on our virtual events that we're doing. Most of the people don't even show up till about 10 minutes after and I'm thinking of doing the timer to where it doesn't even start till 10 minutes after next time, just because of that just because that's the that's the that's the show up level of where people actually log in is right around that 15 minute mark into it, which is 10 minutes after the top of the hour. Great question, by the way? Well,

[111:42] Speaker 2: because I'm coming from 40 years in education, we start class on time. And so it's like, I figured there was a reason you were doing that because you do so many strategic things. So

[115:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, there definitely is in this space as it's because I want people to hear the message that I have. Yeah, versus I don't I don't want anybody to feel guilty

[118:34] Speaker 0: that they're late, right, initially.

[119:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, when we do our coaching calls in the accelerator, I hop on, right at the exact time that I'm doing it, right. You know, like today, I was here, right at one o'clock, for this q&a. And so for that, yeah, I do I do, I'll do that. But if I'm gonna say it's a it's an event, I'll have the timer. It'll start early, and then it'll it'll count down to when I actually come on screen and talk.

[127:08] Speaker 2: So my other question isn't really a question. It's more we're gonna my husband is in your mom's program.

[129:02] Speaker 0: Which one? The training

[130:20] Speaker 2: program? Perfect. Yeah,

[130:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: she's got her inner circle, too. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, she

[131:26] Speaker 2: is actually she asked me to speak in her inner circle in September, so I know. So we're actually Nick got the VIP

[133:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: just talking to her about that today.

[135:02] Speaker 2: Nick got the VIP. So we will be in Austin. Oh, cool. I'm gonna go. So I'd love to like, I'll be there. I'll see

[137:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you there. Yeah, some people asked me like, Can you do a CGA event? No, I'm not going to coordinate a CGA event. But I'll see a bunch of people there at the event. Cool. Yeah, yeah, I love my mom's stocks investment. Morning stuff I've been I've been growing my portfolio here all year, which is great. I just hit I think I got like 27k Now on my investment account, with like, three grand like six months ago, and we haven't made I think I deposited maybe an extra five. And I've grown it just trading following her system, which is fun. So

[146:48] Speaker 2: yeah, he's still paper trading, but he's learning a lot. So we're, we're claiming

[148:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: different happens emotionally when you start using real money.

[149:22] Speaker 2: I know. I know. So we're just we're just prophesying that after the event. He's gonna start. All right, right. Real training. So anyway, that was just a side note.

[151:58] Speaker 0: I'll take you right. Hey, Ed, what's up, man?

[152:58] Speaker 3: unmute myself here. Hey, how you doing? Good. Um, okay. Let's see a couple questions when you get into the group, because you're doing the calls one day a week you said right, I'm just trying to review what I remember

[156:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing. We're doing them on Mondays. We also have once a month there is a Thursday call specifically geared towards copywriting and advertising writing. We're going to go For that live throughout the month, though, you can post your sales copy and all that in the group. And I'll review it in there as well.

[161:49] Speaker 3: So I think you said if we have questions in between the calls, we post them in the group, is that right? Correct? Yes. Okay, but you answer them directly. It's not like we have to rely on the group to answer.

[165:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the group camera, the group does answer them. But I directly respond to every post that's in that group. Yes. Okay. Yes, I do.

[168:24] Speaker 3: This is just kind of probably a weird question for you. But what if we didn't want to use GPT? Could we still be successful on the program if we do our own copy and things like that?

[172:05] Speaker 0: I mean, yeah,

[172:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: absolutely. We didn't use chat GPT for over 20 years. So I don't understand why you wouldn't, though, personally. But Well,

[175:20] Speaker 3: I tell you that later, but I don't want to get into it in the group here. But um, yeah, I just was wondering if it was, yeah, like a non negotiable or whatever, you know, or if you could still have success

[178:31] Speaker 0: without it.

[179:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can I think it's gonna be a lot harder though. For you.

[180:00] Speaker 0: It will be. Okay.

[180:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, as far as as far as the sales and marketing goes, I, you know. I just I see it as like, you know, when there's a lot of people that didn't want to use the internet when it first came out. I'm sure a lot of accountants didn't wanna use calculators when they came out. And so I see a kind of a, it's a, it's a tool in our arsenal, that if we can use it combined with our own skill, we become that much more powerful. So yeah. All right. Yeah. If you don't want to use it, I mean, yeah, you can.

[190:24] Speaker 0: I just, I think I think it's worth at least exploring. So. All right. Thank you. Yep.

[192:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty, anybody else got any other questions? If you want to raise your hand? Let me know.

[194:16] Speaker 0: Kitty. Raise your hand, if you got some questions.

[198:05] Speaker 0: You got me for a whole hour here. Um, you know, if you're, if you're

[199:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: a mentor, or a coach, or you want to be one and you want to make six or seven figures, this is a great opportunity to just kind of

[201:48] Speaker 0: anywhere where you might be stuck.

[202:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Being able to ask me right here right now is a great opportunity for you to get unstuck or to,

[204:20] Speaker 0: to get help. So if there are no questions, though, that I'm gonna log off here.

[206:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'll give I'll give you all a couple minutes. Okay. Christine, has got her hand raised. Perfect. Hey, Christina.

[208:46] Speaker 4: Hi, Jeremiah. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. Um, so I just finished a course. And I got the good to go from mastermind to begin sharing it. And I'm just working on. I don't know, like a sales sheet that I'm going to put into my blog. What would you recommend as being the best way to? I guess, advertiser, you know, begin pushing it out there?

[217:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So do you have a large email list already?

[218:12] Speaker 0: No, I'm,

[218:24] Speaker 4: I'm new. Okay. Oh, you

[218:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a bunch of social media followers organically?

[220:03] Speaker 0: No, I got two.

[220:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so then your options are, I mean, we can make videos on YouTube. Um, you can post organic content and talk about what you do. That'll be the kind of a slow trickle of people. The next thing is, is that when we make an investment into paid advertising, we're able to put what our offer is in front of people strategically at the time, where they are the qualified right people that we're trying to reach, specifically. And so, because of that, depending on what your offer is, is paid advertising is, is going to be a way to push some volume to you. Organic, you can do but you'll have to do a lot of like to direct message send people to follow up with them, and do that to promote it. I find that that slow path takes a very long time to see the results with it that people want unless they're in certain niches like particularly I know fitness coaching is one that really benefits from a lot of cold direct messaging, business coaching. I'm not so sure as much because I think people are are a little apprehensive about business coaches direct messaging them as much. So if we're talking about like, how do we promote it again, I would do it through paid advertising, you could also network with some people, see if you can be on their podcast, see if they can put you on their platform, and you can promote it to their audience. So those are really like when we think about it, like, what are all the ways that as a person, we can get out there? How do people that are mentors, coaches, trainers, how did they get business? How did they do that? In the beginning, there's only a couple of ways really to do that is you either approach somebody in like, directly and say, Hey, are you struggling with this? Do you need help, and you'll probably get rejected by a lot of people, but you'll find a few people that, that want help with those types of things. You know, you could even do that by going into like other people's Facebook groups, and you find people and stuff like that, um, but that is still pretty inconsistent. So then you got paid advertising, or you have referrals from being on somebody else's platform, there may be a few other ways I'm there might be space in there, right now, affiliate marketing is another way you can create an affiliate program where affiliates promote you. The way that I recommend, though, is with paid advertising, through Facebook, and Instagram. But those are all the different avenues of doing. I've just found that paid advertising is way more consistent. And when you do it, and when you know how to do it, it's way less work than all the other ways.

[264:48] Speaker 4: And I do have your videos from over the last couple of weeks, so I can go back and watch those because I'm not tech savvy in that area. So thank you so much for everything that you're doing. And it's really helping me at least get my head wrapped around the whole business side of it. So I do appreciate your time.

[269:48] Speaker 0: Awesome. When you when you

[270:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me ask you this when you say like you're wrapping your head around the whole business side, can you give me an example of that?

[272:18] Speaker 0: Of like, what's, what's a few areas that this has helped with?

[273:28] Speaker 4: Well, just understanding the whole concept of how Facebook ads are even generated to begin with. Okay, yeah. As well as you know, just building the whole website, like I've played with, what is it the the monkey one? MailChimp, MailChimp, that one? Thank you played with that one. But I've found that Wix is actually more user friendly,

[280:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally 100 versus what? Squarespace is the two most user friendly platforms for

[281:28] Speaker 4: sure. And I've been looking at Thinkific you know, with the whole course died, and then I logged into mastermind when Matthew McConaughey was promoting his

[283:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so they have their they have their own thing, and they're over at mastermind. Um, I love the marketing that they that they do for that. I've not used mastermind, but I know Dean and Tony are expert marketers. So they're, I look up to them from a sales perspective of like, even modeling what they do and what I do, because it helps me like see, okay, that's how an expert that's been doing it for 30 years sells to people. You know, it's so natural and fluid like it doesn't feel at all like they're selling, but they are 100% Selling every minute that they're on camera. They are

[295:09] Speaker 4: like with the whole coaching side of it too. Like we're not like I took it the certification through the Jay Shetty coaching school and I just finished around June and I think that's where like getting my whole head wrapped around the business side of it because they had in the last month so we did that. That's when I really started

[300:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, the value of self compassion.

[301:21] Speaker 4: Oh, definitely had to dig into it. It know how many people think

[302:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that self compassion is a load of crap? I know. I know. It's actually a detriment to their life. Yeah, I was one of them. I thought it was for years. And so I love Jay Shetty his book. Think like a monk. I love that book.

[307:13] Speaker 0: Oh, my favorites.

[308:00] Speaker 4: Yeah, just you know, wrapping wrapping myself around getting myself out there I think was you know, gaining the confidence to you really helped me with that just sharing your story and yeah, struggles in the in the, you know, the past and how it has impacted the future in the present. Yeah, I know I found value in hearing your story because I struggle with similar issues. So just gaining the confidence knowing I'm not alone and trying to navigate this world. So thank you.

[316:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: The way you're talking to me right now, if you show up in your business and from the business and sales side with the same energy that we're just talking right now that's how you that's that's the that's how you'll sell really well because you're very authentic to talk to, like, I want to have a deeper conversation with you. And so with that, when you just show up exactly how you are right now, when you're doing a presentation, that's what will make people connect with you. Okay, it's not anything deeper and beyond that, I think that's, I think we over analyze, okay, I've just show up as this version of me. And it's like, just be yourself, of people.

[326:18] Speaker 4: Making videos. I'm so nervous. I'm like, No, delete, redo, delete.

[327:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And that's a great thing to tell people is like, even that, that experience of like, when you're making videos, your own self doubt your own, you know, things that you run into stuff like that. And, and I think you're gonna do a great job with that. When we you realize, I think, what you have all the tools you need right now, to be successful. Don't try to become somebody, you're not just to have success in business. That's been my number one piece of advice for you.

[336:38] Speaker 4: Yeah, I've struggled with that to yourself, either success with others, and it's like, well, maybe I need to shift a little bit when I'm like, No, back in my Bible. Oh, yeah. You don't want to do that Ross

[339:44] Speaker 0: is confident. So which is great. Awesome. Well, thank

[340:55] Speaker 4: you so much. Yeah.

[341:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Um, anybody else? Any other questions here?

[343:18] Speaker 0: Any other questions I got, I got till the top of the hour. Craig is clapping.

[346:44] Speaker 5: That's the wrong emoji. Hey, Jeremiah, thank you for answering our questions. I appreciate it. And I happen to have a question. And I just wonder if it's just a difference in philosophy, different teaching, I've tried to wrap my head around it, because I heard earlier today as I'm trying to continue to develop as a coach, that it's often better to start out one to one. And yet, I'm thinking starting out, you know, with the group, can you can you comment on that philosophy that teaching that philosophy?

[358:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: One to One is very difficult to make the kind of money that we're talking about, yes, it is a great opportunity for you to grow in the interpersonal communication skills of coaching people. So I'm not opposed to adding one to one in there alongside group to where you have a group of people. And then you have one to one that's priced much higher than the group, you know, we just opened up yesterday, we had done a deal on some one to one coaching, I still do one to one calls. For me, I enjoy them. But they are a financial drain on my business. Because of the time involved. They don't pay me the same as doing group stuff does. And so group is a scalable model, I look at it more from the perspective of as a coach consultant of how can I maximize my profit margins for the amount of effort and energy that I'm putting into it, while serving people really well, and I found that group is still one of the best ways to do that. Because you're able to get a lot more data than just a single interaction with a person. When I interact one on one with somebody. I'm only learning about what they individually are going through, but not a collective group of people. And so when I'm marketing, if I'm marketing to just one that one individual's problems, or issues or frustrations, it might not be exactly what's going to bring in the right clients for me from a group perspective. And so this was the challenge that I ran into, because I started, I started my coaching out of just pure fear, and lack of self belief, was the only reason why and if you have that, then doing the same type of offers and stuff like that, but having like, let's do a one to one, that might be a great fit for you to get started. But I think but you're gonna you're gonna make the most amount of revenue by doing some sort of a group program. It's and so I started doing one to one I did all these discovery calls. I did 400 discovery calls with people, one on one discovery calls, and I got about 100 of those people became one on one clients. I'm about 75 of them I've never heard from again, about 25 of them are all in the our group program now and they're telling me they got way more value out of the group program than they ever got on our one on one calls. So here's what I'm finding is that I can actually provide more value to people in a group setting than on a one to one call. So I like that personally, I've seen frequently people get more bright, you would think it would be different, you would think that personalized one on one connection would get people a better result, I've seen more people get a better result out of a group session, because of the collective knowledge than just doing one to one. So because of that, I know financially, it's not the best thing. So that's why I priced it at over $10,000 to do anything, one on one with me. And then the group programs 2000 for a year, if you feel like you need to grow in your confidence, doing one to one, you know, go for it,

[413:07] Speaker 0: I think that that's great. Um,

[414:04] Speaker 1: but I know that I know the impact and finances are gonna come through, it's just less work, less effort. And I find it to be more fulfilling, to meet with a group overall. And so the systems that we teach the marketing, the funnels, they will also work for one to one, because ultimately, what's your call to action at the end, at the end of my five day intensive, I say, okay, join my program, I could have also just had a call to action, hey, schedule a call with me to get a one on one package. And I would have done that. And so I would have done the exact same five day deal. But my call to action at the end would have been different, I would have invited people to that. And so the way that you get a client is actually pretty much the same.

[426:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you're able to leverage your time a little bit more

[427:36] Speaker 0: by doing group,

[428:03] Speaker 5: you could actually use it as a lesson, the personal like you said, you could actually use it as one of your packages that you sell type of thing, for lack of a better way. Is one of your packages to sell. Okay, yeah, yeah,

[432:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really try to dissuade people from getting one on one coaching with me. It's funny, you think, Oh, you're like you're charging this much for it? Like, why would you know, because I actually know that they're probably going to get more value from the group program.

[436:04] Speaker 5: You put out? Yeah,

[436:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I totally agree with and I've seen I've seen more results from people in our group program in a year than I did with some of the one on one clients I had.

[438:51] Speaker 5: Perfect. Yeah, no, I totally agree with you. And I've signed up for the you know, that program that yeah,

[440:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's great. If you want to do one on one, I think that's great. I think there is a value in the beginning to having a one on one offer, but you want to price it to where it's like three to five times whatever your group offer is, okay. So that it sort of is like there's a separation of value there. Up and then people don't really they don't get confused. And so that can be like your high ticket offer it okay. But eventually, I would then also have where you have two tiers of group to where you have a low ticket to grand and then you have a $10,000 group. And then you might have a 30 to $50,000 101. By the way, you might say Would anybody pay 50,000? For one on one. There's a coach, his name is Myron golden, he charges a quarter of a million dollars for one day with them. And I know people that have paid him that much that yeah, now are they getting the value from that? I don't know. Honestly, they're probably getting the same value they would from some other coaches, but part of the value that we're selling is, you know, people believe that by making that investment, that they're getting a slight edge by doing that. And so because of that belief, that is 50% of what it is. And because people are willing to pay him that there's that he takes him out on a private jet. And it's like, it's a, what he does is he does like an eight hour private jet flight with you for a quarter million dollars. And you go on a private jet, and you fly around and you meet with him. Wow. And so, um, that was and so I mean, that's a model to do that. Some people would be like, you know, I don't think like one on one coaching is even worth that much. Personally, I don't think it's worth a quarter of a million. I would not make that investment. But I know that some people would. Now here's the thing, maybe not with my room, but I would invest a quarter of a million maybe to meet with Elon Musk, or to meet with, you know, Mark Zuckerberg to get wisdom on like how to start an AI startup or something like that. Like, that just depends on the value of you know, so it all just depends on what your value add is like if Elon was offering you know, half a million to meet with him all day and they'll show you how to start an electric car company. I mean, Sign me up. I'll go get 10 people to give me the money and then they'll be we'll all jump in about the perceived value of what you're selling to people to at that at those different levels.

[479:12] Speaker 5: You back Yeah, exactly. Jeremiah, thank you so much. I yeah, I thoroughly enjoyed and I look for your teachings and I look forward to being a part of the group that you have just put out there for us to sign up on.

[482:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I know Russell Brunson is group coaching program is 100k starting for a year that says minimum level. Below that you get to join Click Funnels, and he gives you a whole library of video content to watch. And that's 300 bucks a month at that level, and so it's funny people think, Oh, he sells Click Funnels. He does. And then he has these higher tier coaching levels as well, that he does. He also has a $5 million coaching program for a year, as you pay him 5 million. I think there's like 10 people in it there. What's funny is those 10 people, they're the ones that are on stage, usually the next year that had made the most amount of money. Oh, sure, sure. I know, even Dan Kennedy, you know, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, my mom was actually in Dan Kennedy's mastermind with Bill Glazer. And she paid him $40,000 To be in there. And it changed her life and her business. And so, you know, Dan Kennedy would be one like,

[498:26] Speaker 0: would be, that would be worth

[499:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100k for a day. So it all just depends on what are you offering?

[500:24] Speaker 0: I think as well. I love a quote from Dan Kennedy.

[501:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: What matters so much are the legends and stories that you tell about yourself that other people repeat about you. I must say that, again, what matters the most of the legends and stories that people tell about you to others, what I just told you about that guy who has that quarter million dollar jet mastermind, he's making money from people like me telling that story to other people. Very, very go. And so, you know, perceived value is all at sea, you know, but you also there supply and demand. I mean, if if nobody is paying for coaching from you, we got to either what I always recommend is you don't want to lower your price, you want to increase the value.

[513:38] Speaker 0: Um,

[514:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: now let's test let's see, the advice is different. Because I charge 2000, for my coaching, I could charge 10,000, but I would get a lot less people. But that's why I have the different tiers. So I like like an entry level that's about 1000 to 2500 bucks. And that's kind of like you, you put, you put everybody into there, and they get the different courses, the classes, group interaction, and then you have some level above that, that's about seven to 12,000. And so that's how I like to do stuff. That's what we always did with my mom. And it works really well. And that's what I that's what I do in my business. So those different tiers is what I prefer, I like it because I like going wider, you know, I have this, I'll have the $7 VIP on a free webinar, I'll get 100 People who sign up for that, which is funny because only 30 people show up to the q&a, even though 100 paid for it. And then that paid for about, you know, 30% of my ad spend right there at the $700 that I get if I'm if I'm spending 1500 to 2000 on ads for that one campaign, I will pay for a portion of that. But I'll have this at a lower tier for people over here. And then it progressively goes up depending on what level of access people get to you. Like I don't do direct messages or respond to DMS or respond to messages on my social media or even emails or, or anything, unless somebody has a one on one client once they're a one on one client. I also promised 24 hour response time. So so that's a value if people sign up for a year of one on one with me, they also get to shoot me a message and I will respond within 24 hours to them. And so that's a huge value right there that we've added where I don't provide that for anything other than one on one coaching. So it's all just about what's the perceived value that you add.

[548:35] Speaker 0: And that that

[549:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: has more to do with it than just like you know, should I price it at this or not, is looking at the perceived value. That's a lot of week. We're I've gotten a lot of questions about this lately. And so it's gonna it's going to be one of our upcoming courses in the next month or so about like pricing and how you create your tiers and all of that we're gonna do a deep dive into that in the accelerator here shortly in a couple of months which is cool.

[556:16] Speaker 5: I can't wait the continue to progress forward because I feel like you are the one that has finally given me the how I personally feel you are the one that has finally given me the opportunity to start Looking forward without maybe even even realizing it, but yeah, it's just like, that's my goal,

[561:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: though. That is my goal. That's great. Yeah. Now.

[562:33] Speaker 5: Yeah. So that's how I totally feel it's like, Okay, finally, we just met through that Facebook ad. So yeah,

[564:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's it. But then we're talking right here. So now that's the connection that we're making. You've been on the different trainings with me, you see how I interact with people. You see how I interact even when there might be a disagreement with somebody on camera. That's taken me a little while I used to be not not as poised and careful with my words I used to I used to be very sharp tongued. That's what I learned from my mom. I've learned to be a little bit more strategic with how I how I talk when we put on the spot. So that's why it's funny. I tell people I'm like, I'm like, A, it's something I've worked on for a while. I'm like, throw your throw your worst at me or your best, I can't handle it.

[576:41] Speaker 5: I appreciate the realness because I know that. If I start getting into it, I'm going to be counted on encountering all of these types of things. So yeah,

[579:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, yes, exactly. That's the thing you will, all the stuff that I talk about is what you end up encountering along the way. So

[581:34] Speaker 5: yeah, I completely believe that. Yeah, we've been in. I want to teach people how to successfully invest in real estate. And we've been doing it since the end of 1990. Are school. And so yeah, thank you. So yeah, you

[584:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you can make a ton with that, especially in this market where people think okay, nobody's buying real estate. Nobody like is, first off. That's completely not true. If you actually look at the market right now is a great time to invest. You know, in the Austin area, you can't buy a house for less than 300,000. Wow, wow. 1000 square foot house for 300,000.

[590:49] Speaker 5: That's crazy. Yeah, yep. Yeah. So and

[591:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: even at interest rates at 7%. Well, interest rates in the 90s were 7%. Right, right. We've only had this sort of like 2% 3% 4% interest rate for a little while now. And I don't think that those rates are going down anytime soon. So you might as well invest in the current market conditions. And you can use that as part of your sales pitch. What I just said right there.

[596:56] Speaker 5: Perfect. Super. Right. Thank you, Jerry.

[598:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's how I would that's how I would sell it to people who have that objection about the market is exactly what I just told you right there. Because I've had to work through that myself. Like, you know, I was like, hesitant. I was like, should I buy this house right now? And I was like, No, I need to, it's a great market to buy in right now. Get in the market, and let's do it.

[602:39] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's like you said, it's, the interest rates have been so much higher, and, you know, in the past

[604:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: 13%. And

[605:25] Speaker 5: yeah, I'm older than you, of course, and the 80s. Oh, holy smokes. Now, I was just coming out of high school at that point in time. But yeah, the early 80s, for instance, were historically high.

[609:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think they're, I think they're gonna settle in around seven to 10%. Permanently for a while and people are that's just going to be the new normal.

[611:13] Speaker 5: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I totally agree with you. Yeah. I'm not a mortgage lender or anything like that. But yeah.

[613:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Friends is so we have a lot of these conversations. I've been trying to, I've been telling him he needs to make a program. He wants to be the Grant Cardone of mortgages. And I'm like, you could do it. He's like, it's like, Alright, how do I get started? I'm like, first off, stop worrying what other people think about you. Like, alright, that's the hardest part. But he's great. I love Christina's question here, because I know you had your hand raised. So thank you, Jeremiah, excited to have you in our program. Thank you. All right, Christina, what's up?

[621:38] Speaker 4: No, I love listening to just the conversation. And I really appreciate you saying that, instead of you know, reacting to other people actually thinking about it and responding because that's something that I too have been struggling with. So I've learned a lot just from watching you interact with other people.

[626:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I thought actually, like, like, just personally, like between you and I, I felt really proud of myself this past week, how I was able to respond to some tough conversations that were on some of the calls. Because a couple of months ago, that used to derail me a lot. And I spent a lot of time with my therapist, working through like, okay, when I get put in these situations, why do I immediately like want to want to fight somebody? How do I just like not get that way? And like actually, like love people because that's my heart. You know, and so working on that is just, it's about being curious, even when we're triggered. That said about not being defensive. Yep. And I don't even really coach on that a lot in the program. I do talk quite a bit about it on my podcast because that's my podcast seems to be my little outlet where I talk about a lot of my mindset journey that I go through. Because I just sort of I, like I did one this week, it was called defensiveness, the silent killer of your business. And I really believe that, like, if we constantly are getting defensive all the time, I think it can hurt our business overall.

[646:02] Speaker 4: Well, it's interesting you say that, because I find I do that a lot with just my blog writing. that's tied to my website, empowerment coaching hub dot word. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out you know how to put myself out there. So my authenticity, like, there's a platform for that, until I get more comfortable in front of a camera, and you know, putting myself out there on the camera, finding an avenue to do that. So I understand what you're saying entirely. Where Yes, you can't be defensive, you have to be mindful entirely of how it's optically being portrayed to the receiving end. And

[655:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's showing that you understand people that's like, that's what I care about. Here's one thing that I'll say about getting comfortable on camera, it's unfortunately, like ripping off a band aid, you kind of just have to do it, and it's gonna be painful. And so it's one of those things of this, like, the like, I know, in a ton of people that I've worked, my mom was terrified to get on camera when she started. And now she's like been, she's amazing at it. It really is. Like, you just gotta, you just gotta almost go through the pain and anxiety of it, and do it. And what I recommended I recommend people do this is record yourself on camera, and just keep it for yourself for a little while, for a month, and then start publishing some videos to your social media, not for the purpose of business growth. But just for the purpose of getting comfortable putting yourself out there. And that's actually how I started this business. As I committed to one video every day that I would put on my social media, and one podcast episode a week, I'll tell you this, I've not gotten very many clients from any of those. My podcast only maybe has like 50 to 100 listeners, and it's all people that are in our coaching program. But that outlet and that commitment, I still each week, I record a podcast episode, it keeps me sharp and on video. And it's a muscle that I exercise and, and when I did it in the beginning, I was sweating bullets, I would make a video and then I would be passed out on the couch for four hours out with anxiety. Yes. But like, but like, I actually my first three podcasts, I'm pretty sure I did two shots of tequila before I press record. With I don't even drink anymore now, but I did back then. And I just I couldn't even like I was like, Okay, I gotta like liquid courage right there just to press record and to do that. And then I found okay, I found my flow, the more I did it, and I got more comfortable with that. Um, it's funny now you're gonna go listen to those first three episodes. If that's me on tequila, it sounds almost exactly the same as I do without it. So.

[691:51] Speaker 4: So when you're starting, like the workshops that were the webinars are, you know, just starting to get yourself out there is like, even though you say, like, we got to pick a niche, right, like you've niched into coaches, mentors, you know, in business developers, essentially, what, like, for myself, like I'm retired military, as a resource finance, and but I really enjoy the resource side of it still, you know, digging into subjects and you know, really diving in and honing in on those subjects. And, you know, for example, one of the courses that I just finished on mastermind, my first one, I have a couple more than I'm working on, but the first one that I finished was on the charter, because I'm in Canada, and just, you know, trying to find a way to get people more educated on them, but in a friendlier way where you're not just reading it, because that can be a little boring. So

[707:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I don't even understand what you just said, but and Reese, yeah, I don't understand what that means.

[709:07] Speaker 4: Oh, that's like the constitution. So we're like in Canada. Oh, if you have the Bill of Rights, we have the charter and the charter. Like there's 34 sections of it, that just go over our rights, okay, policies, legal rights, you know, how the parliament processes around the electorial. Gotcha.

[713:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. So freedoms.

[715:06] Speaker 4: That's something that I'm interested in and just educating people on that. So running a webinar or workshop. In that area of focus, do you think that that way is more coaching or is it more like no?

[718:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: More like teaching education like if you do like a YouTube channel, by the way Go make some videos and go put it on YouTube about that, that's a great outlet for you. Because here's what's gonna happen is, you're gonna have creativity, I make videos about AI in the metaverse and things like that, that I know have nothing to do with my business. But they were an outlet for me to process my thoughts. And to start to like, feel like I had a voice on some of these topics. And so I find YouTube and social media is just a great place to make a recording, go put some of that out there. When it comes to your webinars, though, we want it strategically to be something that you can sell at the end of it, that solves a problem for people.

[729:49] Speaker 0: And so

[730:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: unless you are like a school or and you could build a school, that they're there, they take time to build, I've worked with a number of schools, the way that a school starts, is exactly what we're doing right here. And so like, I could start a school of marketing, where I add that on top of what I'm doing with my coaching, if I wanted to, but a lot of times that will start with some like leader who had ideas as a teacher, and they were able to get gather people around them, and then they had different topics that they wanted to teach on. So like, that's one side of that. But as far as like monetizing, you're gonna want to look more towards what is a problem that somebody has? And then how are you able to solve that for them, and they're willing to make an investment because they can't easily like, just Google the solution. You know, so if your solution is not easily like Google trouble, though, I think you could Google a lot of the stuff that I teach. I also, the experience that I bring from mentoring people is why they come to me, if you have your experience, as well as your certification, that solves a problem for people, you want to find people that have those issues that would like to see a transformation in their life in a positive direction. And so like, what is that specific transformation of where people are, that you can help them with? And then you attract as many of those people in front of you as possible, and sell them on the solution

[756:22] Speaker 4: that you offer? But shouldn't be the course.

[757:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, which would be and so again, courses, courses have lost, in my opinion, a lot of their value to most people by themselves, Courses Plus support, accountability, ability to ask questions of the teacher directly, that three to four axes, the value of a course. You know, I for a while was like trying to sell my courses for for $1,000. And it was very hard to do, until I added, hey, I'm gonna meet with you once a week. And you can ask questions. And now then a whole bunch of people were willing to pay $2,000 for what I had trouble even selling for 300 bucks without that. Right. So because of that I noticed like in the marketplace in general, people really want to know that there's support if they have questions along the way. Now, here's your niche

[772:05] Speaker 4: on one area, you're still able to explore different areas.

[773:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And then if I hear people asking questions about a specific topic, in those q&a, I'll make another course for that. That topic that they're asking questions for. So like, for instance, Craig was asking about pricing, I've gotten 15 pricing questions in the last week, I need to now make a course on pricing. And I just noticed one of my competitors, is advertising, that he has a whole pricing formula in his coaching program. So I'm like, Okay, this is a need, that the marketplace is red flag telling me that people want and I don't have a resource for it yet, but I will in the coming months in our program to solve the problem. So listening to sort of the signals, it's basically processing the signal to noise ratio. And it's signal analysis. You know, there's different there's different branches of even like, intelligence, like Central like, in the US, we have the CIA, and they read different signals and find like, where there's actual threats and stuff like that. Very similarly. That's how I look at the coaching business as I'm trying to find, okay, what are the signals that are popping up above the noise and now that is where I can address and provide value to people?

[794:31] Speaker 4: Right. Okay. Well, thank you so much for those things, right. It's yeah, it's very valuable to me.

[796:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's why the biggest part of coaching people is creating opportunities to have other people tell you what they want to learn. Creating opportunities to have other people tell you where they're stuck. So that's why I do these free q&a is right here is because it's a it's a, it's a, it's a research tool for me, that each time I show up, and I'm able to listen to people, I'm getting more and more feedback as to what people are wanting to learn. So there's like a giant, like flashing red light, like I need to touch more on pricing in my offers with people, and I haven't touched much on it over the over the last year and a half. But now I see. Okay, great. Once I add that the value of my program just went up.

[808:16] Speaker 0: Yeah. And I'm gonna,

[809:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm even thinking like a webinar on pricing I might do to attract, you know, people.

[810:40] Speaker 4: When I loved what your mom said this morning, it was like stock row stock, something marketing, analysis, marketing or something like that, where you're marketing research, market research, market, researching, yeah, where it's not like you're a creepy, collect all this information through like a slimy way you're actually doing it to help people, which I loved, which was so I love that term.

[817:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm doing market research, too. And then what I'll do is I'll take like, I'll take a recording, like this, and I'll take the different q&a recordings. And I put them into chat GPT. And I say, okay, what are the main questions that were asked? What were the main topics that were talked about? And I have it extract that out for me, and helped me process that signal to noise ratio with the AI, telling me what those different topics are, which is really cool. One of the one of the exercises that I love to do I do this just for fun, as like, I'll take a q&a like this. And I'll copy the transcript. And the chat GBT. And I'll say, okay, what are the topics that were discussed? What were the pain points that people had. And then I will say, okay, generate me a sales letter for a webinar about all of those topics. And I'll start to see how chat GPT would communicate to the people that are on these different q&a days differently, depending on each q&a. And then I find sort of all combine all those together. It's like a, like a mad scientist, I do this like, for fun, while I'm just I'm constantly like, researching, like, just different ways to put the copy together and to sew it together and, and do all that. And it comes together effectively, the more that we listen to other people,

[840:49] Speaker 0: particularly peep, not

[841:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: like just random people, like I did a video this morning about how you don't want to listen to random people. That's one of the worst things that you can do. I was doing that for a while. I'll touch on that in just a second. You want to listen to the people that are like signing up to listen to you that they're even paying you to get access to you? And what are they dealing with because the ones that aren't like paying you opinions are a dime a dozen. And so I don't value a lot of the opinions of people that are not at that, like they're not showing up to actually ask questions, and they're willing to make an investment into that. For for two and a half years I listened to really bad advice from I was in all these coaching groups on Facebook, you know how there's all these groups on Facebook, about coaching and mentoring and all that. And the really bad advice was this is that if another coach teaches about mindset, they should just like, gouge their eyes out. Because mindset doesn't help anybody. And so I actually bought into that live for almost two and a half years. And all I taught was strategy, no mindset. Because everybody was like, if only some coach would actually teach strategy, then we would be successful. And a problem started emerging while I was doing this. I was teaching the strategy to people and nobody was taking action on the strategies I was teaching. And so this, like, was painful for me to watch. Like, I'm actually giving people the exact blueprint to be successful in their business, and they weren't doing the work. And it wasn't until I started talking about mindset with people that I started to see, okay, now they're actually taking action because I'm tapping into the two levels of what it takes for them to succeed. Both the mindset and the strategy. And part of that

[871:29] Speaker 4: what's up David David Goggins books, but and can't hurt me and never finished tonight. Yeah, yeah.

[873:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And even my own journey. I didn't focus on my mental health and mindset until four years ago. Even though I've been in this industry of personal development, and coaching and mentoring for two decades. I was only ever focused on the logical brass tacks strategy side of things. That's why I I was able to work with people that like my mom and like Rick Pino and stuff like that and bring the strategy because they already had the mindset stuff covered themselves. So my strategies could amplify them to that level that they were at. But I, myself when I went out there to go build my own business struggled to get any sales, because I had never worked in my own mindset. So I realized that mindset was what actually the most important part of what took me to that level, but it was because I already had a lot of the strategies. And so now I've committed to, I provide people with the mindset and the strategies to success and bring both of those to the table. Whereas if I had listened to just all the random feedback from people on the internet, like, I just I remember this guy, Ullman. He, like he got in my head when I read this post. And I remember to this day, he said, he was just like, you know, I invested all this money into coaching into coaches, and all they teach is mindset. I don't need another effing mindset training, I need to know how to make money. And so like, that got in my head, reading that, like how passionate he was against any coaches teaching mindset. And I'm like, I don't want to be the reason why, like this guy is angry at me and ultimately is my own people pleasing was the biggest issue.

[901:36] Speaker 0: And so to that

[903:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: when people would come to me, I would avoid talking about mindset for a long time. And then I would notice, okay, they hired me, and they're not getting results either. Okay, what's wrong here? Well, you're not talking about mindset, but you're talking about strategy. So combining the two was what I found was the good, the balance of that. And so that's why the coaching program that we have today has such a great balance of that in there. And we're starting to see a lot of breakthrough with our clients, which is awesome.

[910:19] Speaker 4: I need his that that's the strategy side of it.

[911:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, my favorite thing that I see is when somebody because we have members in our group, they've been in there for almost a year, they still haven't launched their offer yet. And then I have others where like, they finally got it. And it was related to one mindset thing that I said, and then they did a webinar, they did a training they sold like, it just all started clicking for them at that point. I'm on a mission, though, like, like, I'm thinking of a few of our members in our accelerator right now. And I hope that the ones I'm thinking of watch this recording, I want to know what it is stopping them from taking action. I just I haven't figured it out yet. Because every time I asked them, they'll say, Well, you know, I'm not ready yet. I said, Well, why aren't you ready yet? Well, you know, I got all these ideas. I'm just not ready. And I think it's just a hesitancy to pick an idea. But I've addressed that, I think there's an underlying issue. And that's why I also recommend to people like if you've, if you've gone through a lot of coaching over the years, and you've not gotten breakthrough, and you've learned a ton about mindset, and you've learned a ton about strategy, and you're still not getting breakthrough, you might want to work with somebody who is like a, like a clinical therapist through, there might be an underlying like trauma thing under the surface that stopping you or, for all I know, I'm thinking of somebody specifically, they might have a grant like a parent in their ear that's constantly berating them every single week when they talk about what they want to do. And that's holding them back because they continuously let that parent speak into their lives. I intuitively think that that might be the situation with somebody I'm thinking about right now. But they won't ever bring that up on the call. They won't ever blame their parent because it would be culturally against what's okay. And so that's why like, like, like, people need to realize, like, I love my I love our parents, we need to love our parents, but like, if they're negative and telling you to give up on your dreams, like might you might want to have a boundary there and how often you listen to that advice. You know, or a spouse. That's the hardest one. If a spouse is telling you, you're not good enough, you're not doing that. We actually had a lady where that was a situation in our group. And in the accelerator, you're able to post anonymous posts in there you can actually anonymize like in the Facebook group. And I just I gave advice. I said, Listen, like I understand that, you know, my mom dealt with that. At the end of the day, you're gonna have to do this for you not because you're trying to get approval from your spouse.

[955:23] Speaker 4: And I think it's also the level of research and you know, your own pursuit of wanting to find that answer. Yeah. There there needs to be that level of curiosity. And I think that that's where it all roots back to is you need to be genuinely curious. Do you need to? Yeah, I'm super curious answer. And I know. Well, for Movember

[961:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: one it was so many thing either about somebody situation. Yeah, that too, right. So very fine line. So

[963:26] Speaker 4: the resources, here's the resources, go check it out and take what you need leave the rest sort of concept.

[965:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So but that's, that's, that's the beauty of like in coaching and listen, that's also why not everybody gets a result from from certain programs, I think it's the level that people are willing to be vulnerable with the group and with the program, and with a coach, and they're willing to be honest with themselves about what's really going on, versus trying to live in a version of life that like, they think they should. And I say that growing up in the type of home and church environment that I did, that was the life that my mom and I lived was we would say, like, oh, everything was great on the outside. And it was hell inside our house. Yeah. And we weren't being honest with ourselves or other people about what was really going on. And people knew it. And they could tell. We're loving people try to call us out. But like we were not ready to hear. That's why it took years, I think, for me, and for my mom to reach the certain level. My mom's story, she made millions in business and spent every dime that she made. You know, she bet she made millions in business for 29 years, but never grew wealth. And I talked to her about this, she's like, I think I would have a net worth of three to 500 million if I had not had that as a habit for 30 years, because I would have started investing from year one. That's what that's why her passion for people investing, and not just making money is so strong right now. Because she sees that if only she had believed in herself about that area 30 years ago, she would have her life would have been different. Because she feels because she's always felt called to like, I know that I have the capacity to make, like, hundreds of millions, not just millions. But what it stopped her was she didn't even believe that she was smart enough

[997:24] Speaker 0: to be an investor. Yeah, from all the trauma and,

[998:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you're in that program, you know what she talks about about that. So all of that is like it comes together as like some people just, it takes them longer than others, their journey is different. And so I always want to honor other people's journey. But we also got to become aware of sometimes we need people to also speak the hard truth in our lives, to call us out and to say that and that's what, especially Christina, I just want to encourage you, you could be that voice for somebody where you can point out to them, Hey, this might be an area to look at. And you could totally transform somebody's entire family.

[1006:33] Speaker 4: On I did like I grew up in an abusive home, I left an abusive marriage, and I share that story early, I still see my mother fly into the wall, like it's ingrained in my brain. And I think, honestly, if I'm being heart to heart with you right now, I didn't really start to heal until the JCD coaching program, when I actually had to start tying my heart back together by doing the work, I had to do the work. But it's convincing, people are telling your story. Or it inspires them to do the work. Because they don't want to It hurts, it genuinely hurts.

[1016:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's why learning the art of persuasion and communication is so powerful, is because as because we have to learn how to communicate in a way that touches people's hearts. And then you can monetize that as a business. You know, I mean, just what you said about Jay Shetty, he makes so much impact on people's lives, he also makes a ton of money from what he's doing. And because of that, you can follow that same path with what you're doing. And you've seen what I've done and what my mom has done. And you can piece that together in your own unique way and change people's lives as well, by helping them see that could be a big part of even what you would make a webinar on is just opening people's eyes to the fact that they need to do the work. You know. So that's

[1030:19] Speaker 4: really what I'm trying to focus in on is and I think that that's exactly it. So this is my light bulb moment. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. Pain for good. That's, that's my goal. So

[1033:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's it. And that's what I love is like the interactions that we have. This call right here is very similar to how some of our group calls go and the accelerator is like we're we're unpacking some of this stuff for people to help them

[1037:00] Speaker 4: it's more therapy really.

[1037:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of it's mentoring is what I call it. It's a different because I'm able to mentor people, you know, so because you will just come in for a Facebook ads question, right? And then they'll come in with like, I literally, I've been trying to get my offer up for six months, and I can't seem to launch it. And they're finally ready to look at, okay, internally, What's stopping me? Or they'll say, you know, what do you think about this angle to take with with my offer? What do you think about this annual to take with getting leads? Do you think that this is going to be successful? And then I'll ask a series of questions. And we'll go through that and identify some of that. So I'm excited to see where things go with you, Christina. And I'm excited to see how you're gonna start to implement and apply this in your own business.

[1050:02] Speaker 4: Me too. Me too.

[1050:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, hey, we're at the top of the hour here.

[1051:54] Speaker 0: Um, I'm gonna head out.

[1052:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotta I have like, my my phone is blowing up. Apparently a whole bunch more stuff about closing on the house I got to work through so for those, y'all that know, again, the enrollment for the accelerator that closes tonight at midnight, you know where the link is to sign up for it. I've sent enough emails, so I don't need to go into any more of a sales pitch on that. I'm excited, stay connected with me. Even if you don't jump in the accelerator, stay plugged into my podcast. I think that's one of the best resources that I have for people that's out there. Because I'm really I'm pulling from a lot of the conversations we have in the accelerator, and I feed them into that podcast. And so that's why I'm always recommending our accelerator members, like go listen to the podcast throughout the week. And so it's one of those great resources that I do have over at my website. You can find it just by typing my name in and then podcast. That's called the Grow Your Life podcast. For everybody else. We're doing our jumpstart training tomorrow for new members. And then we'll be doing our Monday call next Monday. And so, adios, I'll see you guys later. Have a good one. Talk soon.

