2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-05-16T21:00:29.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: Es7kHTj7IRMXpdb9pOteOZ7wqBs
---

[41:34] Speaker 0: no microphone. Hey, what's up? Thanks, Stephanie, you're always the best. I'm here just talking away saying stuff. Nobody can hear me. So stuff like that happens. You know, I used to get super embarrassed when that would happen back in the day. And now I'm just like, I just laugh it off. And it's funny. You still it would like I would like get all self loathing and feel upset that I had made a mistake and stuff like that. It's funny as you grow as a coach, stuff like that doesn't begin to bother you as much. So anyways, this is open ama asked me anything q&a, whether you want to ask questions about our coaching program, about your coaching program about getting more clients, whatever that is. I'm here for the next hour. Just answering questions. And this is probably the last time and I'm be I'm going to be doing a free q&a for at least a couple of months. So if you've got a question here, and you aren't planning on joining the client growth accelerator, I'd love for you to join the accelerator.

[57:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you're not jumping in there, you might as well take advantage of this time here. So just just a reminder to everybody, I'm going to be here for the next hour taking questions. No need to be shy or wait for somebody else to go first. There's no silly questions. And here's here's here's what I always say when it comes to a question. Okay. Um, what are your goals in your business? What do you got to do next? Where are you stuck? What Are you unsure of? Those are a great starting place to come up with questions. What would you like to know more of that will help move the needle forward for you as well. All right. So this is our this is our bonus q&a. I'm gonna take some questions. You know, whenever I do the bonus q&a, it takes a while before anybody actually raises their hand which is always always the case. And by the way, Pamela, I was going to tell you something just real quick. I saw your face popped up on your I did a podcast episode this this week. That is on my podcast to grow your life podcast that's on my YouTube channel. And the podcast is called creating compelling follow up emails using AI Hi. So I broke down in the podcast, basically, I was like, Okay, I wanna I want to at least, help answer Pamela's question in more of a long form. So it's about it's about a, it's a 20 minute lesson. It's about a 20 minute lesson on our podcast. And so I break down kind of how we come up with those follow up emails and all of that, and I think, I think that I was specifically gearing it towards helping you Pamela. So go check it out on the podcast. It's over on the glory life Podcast, episode number 216. If anyone's wondering, how do I come up with all these ideas for podcast episodes? Well, people like Pamela come and ask questions. And then I'm like, Okay, I should make a podcast about so there we go. All right, Stephanie. Stephanie Johnson, how are you? Oops, I don't hear

[92:47] Speaker 1: you. Sorry. I had to turn on my mic. Um, well, I was hoping you would get questions from others since I am in the accelerator. So no, you're good people that want to go first. Because I don't want to take up time.

[96:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you keep taking up time. You'd be selfish. Let's go. Okay,

[96:58] Speaker 1: I want you to just check out my I'm trying to get the landing page because I was doing it to check out this landing page and just give me some critiquing me. Yeah. Hang on. Let

[99:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: me get over to me. That's what I was saying.

[100:36] Speaker 1: Someone else got here it is. Someone else could go first if they'd like. But let me copy it because I just finished it. So all right, here we go back to zoom. And we put it in the chat here.

[105:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, and it's always it's always interesting because it's it's nice to have questions like after there's a training that we follow up on so that's Oh, well, that's not a link that's a part of a link. What's uh, what's your what's your domain name?

[110:24] Speaker 1: The haircare Oh, I didn't get the whole thing. Sorry. Oh, man. Here it is. Hang on. No worries just to hear I'm sorry.

[113:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you love the hair care company.com

[113:54] Speaker 1: No, is to actually.or Here I'll put it back in here we go. There we go. That should be it.

[116:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Oh, it actually pulls up under.com to

[117:51] Speaker 1: see Yeah, but I hope you can see it. I'm still okay there. Yeah.

[119:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Cool. Yeah. Now this is a this is a great great hook right there. And part of the idea could be even okay, why would they want to create their own natural haircare Hey, they can increase their margins have better control over the product. They they get to brand themselves have more brand loyalty, you know, things like that. And so what makes you stand apart as a salon is if you have your own kind of proprietary haircare things like that, that that's something that makes a salon stand out. So this is great right here, this idea of standing out and doing that. And so I like this, the only thing is I would do is again create your own natural haircare products, I would test that hook against, um, this idea of like, possibly a headline, like discover how simple it is. You kind of did right here. So your headline is really good. Right there. Your Yeah, this is on track. This is actually really cool. Cool. You want to massively increase your income and impact making real money with your okay. So this part right here, I would talk just a little bit more about Have you ever wanted to have your own haircare line. Okay, it was too complicated or too hard, and didn't have a lot of money to source products. I've solved that for you. Let's get it's actually way simpler than you realize. And it's a great way to increase your your income. And I think the word impact doesn't really feel very well here. Okay, impact that's not really fitting this type of a thing, but maybe it's increase your income. And just you're just the value of your service is what it is increase the value of your service. All right.

[149:38] Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah. Awesome. All righty.

[151:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: That would be that feedback right there that I would give and then we go down here. Um, yeah, this is good. You wanted to you're determined to be a brand awesome. Yeah. Telling the story. That's great. Awesome awesome. Yeah, I think that this is really good. I would just tweak a little bit about that at the top but I think that you got to, you're you're headed in the direction of of something that is, is tangible that your market wants that you can provide value for and charge for. And the idea is now, here's the other thing that I'll say just for everybody here. And this is something you know, I haven't talked a whole lot about, but I think just talking here seeing Stephanie's haircare company thing here is you want to in some way, and this is twofold. Okay? This is actually this is actually a very important thing to share is a we know that like you're not the only person Stephanie on the planet that teaches people how to create their own natural haircare. I'm not the only person on the planet that shows people how to get clients in the coaching business. My mom's not the only person on the planet of the teachers the stock market. However, you want to establish that when you're selling coaching or mentorship or training, is you want to establish yourself as a leading expert in your field. Whether Okay, I'm going to compare myself to the 500 people out there and my comparison. Like there's no chart that says account number 500 on out of these people, leading expert, but the perception of okay, I'm a leading expert in my field, the term for this is called being a category king. And you can be a category king or queen in your category. You don't have to have the category king and queen is not defined by you having all the case studies, all the testimonies, all the results. It's it's about how do you frame your product? How do you frame the value? So that when people see it, they're like, Okay, this stands about neck and neck above? What else is out there in the marketplace? And so I think for you right here, especially what you're starting to establish is that you can what's gonna take you really far, Stephanie is that when it comes to learning to create your own natural haircare products, you could establish yourself as the leader in teaching that to people to where people come to you as the preeminent resource for that. So I always look at, you know, any sort of coach, mentor, even authors that I read, like Dan Kennedy, Jordan Belfort here, they would be considered, you know, category leaders in what they teach. Are they the only one that teaches it? No, are they the best by like comparison? No, there's like there's that's not really what we're trying to say when we're saying a category king. But you want to establish yourself if you're going into a business as a mentor, speaker, trainer, or author, and this applies whether you're doing real estate, this applies whether you're doing coaching, life coaching, sleep coaching is that when people think of you and they've seen you because that they that then when they're thinking of okay, I want to know how to solve this problem, you're the go to expert for that. And when somebody sees you in an ad, they've never met you before. They get that sense that okay, this person is the go to expert in this area. And I think that that's an important thing to stand apart in your copy, and how you frame and how you present yourself. Now, again, that has nothing to do with you trying to appear professional, or making everything perfect. It's all in the language of of how you communicate your value, and that's in the sales copy. Again, that all goes back to the sales copy. It all goes back to that so so how you actually frame it, how you deliver your talk, how you deliver your presentation, will establish you as that category King in whatever your niche is, and I believe this, anybody can be can be considered that in their in their business. I had a I had a sort of a debate or an argument, this gal was saying, you know, I think it's completely unethical to ever think I could be a category King, because there's so many great people out there that are better than me. I said, it's not about comparison to other people. It's just about that, that people know that by working with you that they're going to get the best that you can offer is what it is, and they get the best of you. They trust that. And so I think that that's an important part to add to all the stuff that we've been teaching about building coaching businesses.

[233:12] Speaker 2: All right. Awesome. Thanks.

[234:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Anybody else got any other questions here today? Again, this is the open q&a here. I'm here to answer questions to look at your landing pages. Look at your offers. Let me see what do you give me feedback on this lead magnet post? Okay. This is from from Pamela Here, I'm gonna take a look at this. Thinking about using deep breathing exercises to help fall asleep does you know that breath, work has benefits and potential risks many folks. But it's crucial to recognize certain individual. Okay, so I wouldn't in an ad or a post that is inviting people to necessarily work with you, I wouldn't bring the risks like out in the post itself, I think that that is definitely not going to be the best way to position it. Because you can talk about that once somebody signs up for the training is the different potential risks and things like that. What we want to talk about, again, is just, and if you're running this as an ad, I would add some kind of a video to this, where you could mention that this almost sounds more like what I would say is what you would say on a video ad. This is kind of more like the script for a video ad. And then an actual Facebook ad would read something more like this. For a post, convert the, I'm just gonna do this, convert the following to a Facebook ad this real quickly and see kind of what it comes up with. So I'm going to fall asleep, if you tried deep breathing studies show that it can not only assist, but also has various health benefits. But be aware it's not suitable for everybody. So like, that's a good way of saying that right there. I'm a double board certified, my mission is to help you start with my free guide right here. But then I would have a video of you where you're actually saying on video, what this says are very similar to that right here as a video script. So you could then even take this and say, convert the following to a video ad script. Type that in. I don't really pay attention to the cipher stuff can't seem to catch those elusive z's. Now, this is funny, have you considered using this, I wouldn't necessarily do it the way that it's saying right here. But what you wrote here actually could be a video ad script right there. But the way that this post is created, I'm not sure that it would convert the way that we're wanting it to, I would utilize the type of Facebook ad that we had generated over here as the text and then have it be accompanied with some kind of a video of you explaining essentially the same topic. So all right. Money. Oh, Pamela, what's up?

[281:37] Speaker 2: Are you going to send out the link because I'm driving and I I want to get a copy of what you're telling me to change it to.

[283:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the video will be given to you. It's in the VIP. It'll be in your VIP bonus area that you have from the main event itself. So we're putting the bonus q&a is into that VIP there.

[286:55] Speaker 2: Okay, thanks for your feedback.

[287:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. All right, money I

[290:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: think you're having trouble with your microphone again. It's not coming across

[294:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody else have any other questions here? Raise your hand. Let us know. I hear you a little bit. I think I hear you a little bit. You just got to get closer to your microphone now.

[299:57] Speaker 2: Now, I don't hear you anymore.

[302:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry about that. Anyways, anybody have any any questions? Diane, what's up, Diane?

[303:30] Speaker 3: Hey, thanks. So working on my face doing new Facebook video ads, I had a few. So I just want to confirm I've written some copy. I've gotten the IA last time I did about five of them. Just tweak them a little bit different. And so that's the best way right five all at once, and then pick the best two.

[309:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Generally, what I would do is I would take like five videos, and I would do I would do three to five videos and upload those with one version of the ad copy text itself. Yeah. And then I would let the algorithm actually run those and see which one is getting a better lead cost for you.

[315:48] Speaker 3: So the reason I'd be getting a better lead cost is because the audio that I say in the video would resonate with them more. Copy is the same, but the audio is better or the video that part

[318:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: is super hard to quantify. And I've tried to explain that for like 10 years. As to why that is, it's actually very hard to I don't know why certain ads convert better than others. It's just that probably is the closest explanation to it is that the hook just kind of grabs people at the certain time and then they trust it better than another video because I'll I'll have video ads, I'm saying the same thing, and one of them's gonna cost me $12. The other ones costing me $5. So I'll keep running that $5 one, and it's almost always the one that I didn't think was going to convert as well, because it was more authentic. Like, usually the ones where I, I stutter in the video seem to convert better. The ones where I warm up a little bit seem to convert, it's very weird, but it's just so in that, okay, I got a better video, but it's not making me the kind of money that I want to make. And what do I mean by that? Well, if I'm running to ads, and I used to I used to when I was running ads for people, this is why I don't necessarily run ads for people I do for my for my mom's business. And that's it right now. But when I was running ads for people, they would get upset because they're like, well, we invested all of this time and ad number one, why aren't you running that ad? And I would say, Well, here's the thing, ad number one is costing you $25. A lead. Ad number two is costing you $5. So you want to spend five times the price on leads. Because of that for the same campaign for the same campaign. Now across campaign, you'll find a wide disparity of cost per lead. I'll have a campaign that'll get me $5. Leads, I'll have another one that gets me $15 leads, that depends on the sales copy. But if you're sending the same, if you're sending different ads to the same landing page, yes, you want to find whichever one is the cheapest cost that's actually going to the landing page. And it was funny, even when I was running ads for clients, they would literally tell me no run this one because our our marketing person spent all this time creating that ad and they want to run it. And then they would complain that that didn't get any sales at their budget. And I was like, Well, this one was working. And they're like, Yeah, but we didn't like how that one looked. And it was just funny, because it's like, what was the difference between the two, it was just probably, they use a professional camera for one of these and they use the selfie camera for this one. So it depends on just as people are scrolling their newsfeed, if it stops them enough to listen, watch it. And you can see in the ribs of the reports, you can see how far somebody is watching into your video ad.

[361:36] Speaker 3: You can actually do that on the Facebook manager.

[362:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, in the ads manager, it actually shows you I'll go show, I'll open it up right here and I'll show you okay, it's really cool. We're running a couple of ads let's just open up a couple of them that we've ran here recently. And I'm gonna pull up where it says column breakdown video engagement. So if we scroll this over, you can see video views 75% 95% Okay, so this would be the campaign that we ran starting your coaching business from scratch and you'll notice certain video ads get more views all the way to 75% into the video ad than others.

[374:22] Speaker 3: Is your video ad less than one minute?

[375:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Most of them are Yes. So but then costs for through play. This is how long it takes somebody to get about I believe a through play video is calculated as total amount spent divided by through play. The through play metric, it's not always consistent. I think it's like between the number of times your video was played to completion or at least 15 seconds. So above 15 seconds that's what a three players okay. So yeah, what this shows us is that this video ad cost me $2 to get anybody to watch 15 seconds of the video. This one only cost 71 cents. And interestingly enough that then converted down to more people watching it. And then when we look at our leads cost here we have a $3.20 cent lead here. We have a $19 lead right here so I'm obviously not going to run this ad anymore that's costing $19 A lead to get people to sign up.

[394:49] Speaker 3: And when you say your lead costs, that is the cost to get under.

[396:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what that is, is that is I ended up spending $20 And only one person signed up off of a seeing that this one that says $13 I spent $27.02 People say Though this one right here was a little bit better $192.47 people signed up. But this one was the best $288.90 people signed up at $3.20.

[404:22] Speaker 3: Okay, that's great. Mine are coming in like, six 650. And then I only get 30 people register, but maybe five people show up. Still working on that.

[406:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that's that's another thing is the number one thing that you're selling people on when they register 30, who actually register five who show up is still actually a pretty good ratio.

[410:12] Speaker 3: I thought more than 30%.

[411:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, it's a good ratio. As far as like, with it being your first campaign, you would want to try to get about 10 for 10 out of 30 to show up, live. But starting out, you'll see lower numbers initially, and they'll it'll start to get better the more offers that you run. So your first initial sale that you're trying to do is just to get people to make the commitment to show up to spend time to listen to you. Right, that makes sense. So, so all of this Yeah, breaks down. Okay, this, this ad was $16 a lead. It's just when people saw my face in that ad versus what I said in the other one, I got way more people signing up for my offer than the other ones. I'm not going to keep running the really expensive one.

[422:08] Speaker 3: No. Two different locations for the shoots. Maybe I'll put on my hat backwards. You never know.

[424:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I always recommend a couple different outfits. Couple different locations. Yeah. And couple indoor couple outdoor. Yeah, maybe one in a car. You could do something like that driving the car, but

[428:40] Speaker 3: next week, thank you.

[428:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yep. All right. Money as your is your microphone working?

[431:07] Speaker 4: Can you hear me now?

[431:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hear you a little bit. It's just it's very faint. Or to make out

[432:40] Speaker 4: about that. I texted you, I sent you a text for what I'm looking for.

[434:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, you sent a text. Learning from your sessions after I've branded and launched my website, and the majority of my clients came to me for help and career coaching to position themselves correctly on the job market. So look at your mark, and maybe brainstorm ideas adjusting your niche. Yes. Okay. Perfect. And that really is a kind of a disparity is, is you'll, you'll have one coaching program that is like the job market people versus another coaching program that might be entrepreneurs. It's a very different mindset that separates entrepreneurs from employees overall. And it is a it is a transition to go from employee mindset to entrepreneur mindset. So what was the what's the question that you want me to look at specifically?

[447:35] Speaker 4: So my website basically speaks in general to life coaching. And then I did the career coaching certification as a sub, but when I started offering three sessions, all the people who came to me were people looking for jobs. Okay. Either newcomers or just to change jobs. Okay, yeah. One entrepreneur, everyone else is employed.

[454:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so they're looking to get a new job and to have the confidence to transition to a new role. Is that essentially what you're saying? Yes.

[457:00] Speaker 4: Okay. Exactly. And reviewing that resume, interview, preparation, etc.

[459:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: We actually, it's funny, we broke down. I can't remember was this in our accelerator? It was this another video that I did. Did I can't remember. Anyways, I created some copy the other day all about this for another member from our coaching group. And the idea was competence and communication, being able to get better at that communicating and your confidence to be able to, to to stand up and to to either get a different job, or to get into a better position in your career.

[469:26] Speaker 2: Yes. Okay.

[470:02] Speaker 4: I find that even though all the copy on my website makes sense, and speaks to both life and career transformations, it needs to be more specific.

[473:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Yeah. And it definitely needs to be more specific. So yeah, so what you help people with is that that life coaching career, it's like a life coaching career transition hybrid. So if I create let's, let's just try this out here again in in chat GPT. And this might help you to I'm going to create another one training on this here later this week, there's a there's a prompt that we had that we went over a couple weeks back niche identification q&a questions. So what I want to do is I want to you could try this. You're an expert in online coaching and business, you know how to market and I am an aspiring, I am a want to enter in your information, a life coach who helps people who are wanting to get a better job or career. And we'd like to find ideas for a niche, or a

[493:00] Speaker 0: profitable niche niche to coach in and sell coaching. You asked me a series of questions. So the idea is, is that this can actually fill out you can actually have chat GPT asked you questions, to be able to dive deeper into some of the what your niche is. So like, what is your personal background? What are the common problems and challenges that you've noticed people struggle with? What specific skills and knowledge do you have that could benefit them in their job search? What types of people do you enjoy working with the most? Are there any specific moments in your career that you notice made the biggest impact? What aspects of your own journey Do you think others could learn from? What sectors or industries? Have you noticed a lot of growth or changes? So the idea is that this

[507:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: mode of questioning, we're able to modify this this niche identification right here and haven't asked some strategic questions, fill some of this in? And then really discover, okay, how do we laser focus in on that niche that we want to sell to people? Does that make sense?

[512:35] Speaker 4: Yes, I was really looking for ideas on how to get started.

[513:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, can you can you lean in a little bit closer to the microphone, I can't hear you.

[515:14] Speaker 4: I was basically looking for a jumpstart on how I can ask the right questions and get feedback from Chad GBT.

[518:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so that is the question right there to ask. And then we went over the process last week during the five day sessions for then creating that sales copy creating some sales letters, like a sales letter based on this unlocking your career potential. hope this finds you? Well, you and I both know the job market can be challenging. If you feel stuck, overwhelmed, I'm sure about your career path. So that can help help you go down that process is taking these sales copywriting prompts right here. And using what we went through during the five days answering these different questions to start to get clarity on that. Okay, yes. All right. Awesome. All right, Steve, Steve Stasek.

[532:22] Speaker 5: Well, you're polish, you should be able to pronounce that static space as long as Zack. There you go. So a couple of questions. The chat GBT that you're using there is that what you're paying for? Is that the free version?

[538:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the Chad GBT plus the $20 a month version. And that's the one that's going to be the easiest, most accessible version to use. You can open it up on your phone. And I find myself all day long, just opening it up asking questions, seeing what it can come up with for different ideas that I have. And it's this idea of like, sort of running your thoughts by the AI to help make decisions and see if it can unlock different questions that you hadn't thought of.

[546:08] Speaker 5: Okay. Yeah, I don't have a problem paying 20 bucks a month for that. It's

[547:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: a great value for what it is. And so they give you the $20 A month 25 messages every three hours, and then it resets after three hours. But what does that add up to is?

[551:10] Speaker 5: Well, I just can something that I was paying $19 a month that was useless. So this is fine.

[552:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's worth it. You'll you'll be able to basically prompt it up to about 6000 times in a month. And I find that I very rarely get to that level. If you find that you okay, I ran up against the limitation on this. You could either sign up for another chat GPT Plus account with a different email and pay another 20 bucks to get more messages or you just wait it's usually like another hour and it'll reset your your 25 messages. Oh, So and you can use those messages in the same thread once they reset to.

[561:15] Speaker 5: Okay, so the other question is, I really don't care to use Squarespace I have Canva. Yeah, that's fine. So I can use Canva. And then I posted on this, this landing page is going to be in my website, right?

[565:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: The landing page is going to be where you're going to send traffic for an offer, where you invite people to register with you to get whatever the promised value is, whether it be a download recorded class or live training that they're going to register for,

[569:18] Speaker 5: but I'm going to put it on my website.

[570:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can definitely, this is why so this is where a lot of the industry has changed too, is websites have transitioned to more into what's called funnel hubs, to word your websites, a lot of people used to find you through a website years ago. Now you what you want, as you want people, your website is essentially sending people to different offers that you have, right? You might have one offer here, one there. But it's not like a website used to be like this digital brochure, that whole idea of the digital brochure, especially for coaching businesses. Nobody's going to really read through a lot of that other than maybe your your biography page. And so offers is where you're going to send the majority of your traffic. Can it live on your website? I guess technically, I don't know how you have your website structured. Um, this is why though I tell people, if you're because I ran into people, they're like, Okay, I can't get it working on my website, I can't get it working. How might you could you could create a new subdomain on Squarespace and have a landing page ready to go next week. So it's more for ease of simplicity. But you can do all the same things that I've shown in these lessons on any website, or landing page builder platform,

[590:54] Speaker 5: well, that's where we're at, I already have a landing page here. So I know how to do this.

[591:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yeah, so just use whatever you know how to use. They follow the same type of structure, the landing pages that we created do have a specific structure that we that we do like to follow that works best for coaching offers where like it has a as a title at the top, like a headline at the top. Some kind of a like a headline right here, some kind of a graphic as to what they're getting. And then I always throw a stock photo, with sales copy right here. A little bit more sales copy. And you don't have to be any longer than like two sections if you want. And then you can go straight to your call to action. Now I prefer really long sales pages, you don't have to have a really long so. So that structure though, of headline, copy, stock photo, and then usually case studies and testimonies, what they're going to learn and then a registration button. That's the that those are the simple basics of a landing page that will convert well, as long as that copy is really bold and powerful, and and is connecting and very clear to people. The way I see it as a lot of people who visit your landing pages, they're not for lack of a better word. Most people when they visit a landing page on an ad, or even social media. They're not fully conscious, they're kind of still in the trance that they're on from social media. Does that make sense? Social media and they're scrolling and that kind of trance that people get into, we all get into it. So understanding that that's why your copy needs to be very clear and specific. Because otherwise, if it's not exactly what that person is looking for, they'll click off. Or

[622:50] Speaker 5: where are you? Where are you sending this landing page? Where are you posting? Where does it reside?

[624:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: The landing page resides on. It doesn't have to be a website, it could just be one domain name, domain name, like right here. I'm just going to show you this launch. It looks like they didn't pay their Click Funnels account. Launch your music. Now. This is not a website. This is this was just a landing page. So the only thing that existed at launch your music now was a sales letter, nothing else. Well, so you don't need to have a website technically, but you need to have some URL where you're sending people.

[633:54] Speaker 5: Well then fine. I just all I do with the landing page is I put it on my website and don't put it in the menu. So nobody's you know, so nobody can click on it right until Yeah,

[636:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. Yeah. Yep. And then you send people to go there. And then that's the offer that you're making the people and then you

[638:18] Speaker 5: then you put a you do a form. You put a form on there, so you get an email from them. Yeah, okay. Are you alright, perfect. All right, that answers all my questions. One last one before I leave is how do I get in touch with your mother's stock trading service?

[642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, she doesn't have a service. She has a coaching program that she does. It's over here at a real change.com.

[644:48] Speaker 5: I thought she was I thought she made calls during the day like I'm filed the action.

[646:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, she does them once a day at the opening bell. That's what I'm that's what I want. Yeah, yeah, right here. This is her stocks group right here at a real change.com forward slash stocks group. Okay. Yep. So yeah, so that's this program right here.

[651:15] Speaker 5: All right. Yep. Thanks.

[651:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Coach Vicki.

[653:57] Speaker 6: Hello, Jeremiah. Thank you, um, at first, say, Thank you for the irresistible offer. It was so irresistible. You can't just not not do it. Awesome. So So I did sign up. And I'm just so happy. But I wanted to ask you your opinion about entrepreneur, I'm trying to target other entrepreneur, women or business women, business, who need to lose weight, who struggle with

[663:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: a great niche. And,

[664:28] Speaker 6: and I want it to be Christian business, women are Christian women, and I'm just trying to decipher between the two, I'm an entrepreneur, and I'm trying to target people like myself who need help in that area. Because I know from my personal experience as running up my own business, it was so much of a struggle trying to balance everything, but I just wanted to get some insight from you. What was the what's the difference between a business woman and an entrepreneur, a woman? Do you think it matters?

[674:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: That would be the same thing? Yeah. Okay. I think it's the desire. It's a growth mindset is what we're looking for. And somebody who knows that when they improve their health, that it has a trickle down effect to their income, their family, their relationships, their relationship with God, all of that together. Now, how do you how do you distinguish that? So what I would do is I would build your offer, specifically just around the entrepreneurs, women. And then, in your headline, how do you target the Christian women, if you want to stay in that lane, you literally just type in this is for? This is a faith based program for Christian women, that are entrepreneurs, you literally put that in your headline, anybody who's clicking on the ad, who doesn't fit into that category, they'll leave the offer. Okay, and then what will end up happening is your look alike audience, and the algorithm for your ads will actually stop showing it to people that aren't in that category. So So initially, you'll you'll get some weird comments like, why is this only the Christian women, whatever, because it's targeting kind of everybody. But then it will start to as you get more data, and more people actually click on it, it'll start to hone in towards who is actually taking action with you. So how does it know that because who is actually filling out the form, who's actually giving you their name and email address, they fit into a certain group of people that Facebook knows what they follow what they interact with, what kind of conversations they have with their friends, where they go, Facebook tracks of their phone goes to probably church every Sunday, or something like that, you know, it can tell a way more about us than then a lot of us are really comfortable with. And so the algorithm builds these profiles, to then start to show the ad to the right person that we're looking for. So you can you can essentially handpick who you want to work with. And the more specific you get, the easier it actually is to make a profit in your business. For for me, what I look for is anybody who my number one best audience that we have right now, and it wasn't the case six months ago, is people who have actually checked out my website, but not just my website, people who have also checked out our accelerator, and then people who have actually registered for the accelerator, because I have a whole range of people who sign up for our my free trainings. But then I look at okay, who is actually joining the accelerator and there's a difference between the people who go through a free training and don't actually go into the accelerator. And so I mean, as much as I love everybody here, I want to find as many people as possible that are going to go into the accelerator because now my advertising spend it is going to be more suited towards that. So I started to pay attention to what are the questions that people that are in our accelerator asking, always seems to be it's all based around sales copy. So I need to start to even hone my offers and more around sales, copy more around messaging, because that's a big part of what we help people do. But then what happens to is the lookalike audience for actually running the paid ads, starts to find people that are a better fit, that will end up upgrading to become a client with us versus those that might not be. And so we've found month after month after month of running ads consistently, each time we do this, we're finding better and better people that we're reaching. Okay. Okay. So so in the beginning, again, it all goes back to your sales copy, because your sales copy is going to your initial headline is what distinguishes who it's for, who it's not for. So we ran a couple of offers just a few weeks ago, and they specifically said, this is for coaches, speakers, and mentors. If you are a network marketer, if you have an E commerce business, if you have an agency, this training is not for you. Okay, so I put that at the top headline of a lot of the offers that I put out there. Because then I want to what'll happen is, even though my ad will end up showing the network marketers and ecommerce people, and all of that, they're not going to sign up, because they saw that sort of warning that I put at the top there. And we found that that really has improved the lead quality that we have, by being very specific as to okay who this is for who this is not for. And it might take you a little bit of time to figure out that and describe that and to do that. But if you want to focus on like, a faith based audience, you definitely want to put that in your headline somewhere, that that's who it's geared towards, so that people they're not like surprised when they get in there. And then you know, okay, this is either I'm talking to the people that that have a great fit for that.

[754:25] Speaker 6: Okay, thank you for that. Appreciate it. Thank you so much.

[755:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. And you'll and you'll find too, in the accelerator as we as we go through in the accelerator, that we'll be able to work with you through honing in those offers and getting more and more specific as to as to who we're working with.

[759:47] Speaker 6: Hmm, okay. All right. Thanks. I'm looking forward.

[760:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Stephanie says, Do you think I should mention the limited time replay of the workshop on the registration page, I think you should, I would put how long it's available for when you're doing a live virtual event, it's actually good to only have the recordings for free. For a limited time, I think that this is a mindset shift for a lot of coaches and mentors, as that as much as you want to help as many people as possible at the end of the day, you do need to have some kind of a level of okay, you need to watch the replay for free before 48 or 72 hours, otherwise, you got to pay for an upgrade. And really putting that kind of ultimatum there, because you're going to attract a higher quality of person, versus just throwing a bunch of free stuff out there to people. Ultimately, when when you just throw a bunch of free stuff out there to people, you're, you're going to start to attract a lesser quality lead. And this is a little bit of a challenge that happens later on. As you're running your ads. In the beginning, you'll usually notice you don't have that problem. And the your lead quality will actually start to diminish over time it's diminishing returns is what happens. And so you'll get especially when you start running free events, you'll start noticing a lot lower quality people are registering for your free event. And so that's where we got to adjust our copy, where we got to adjust the angle and where we have to make it a little bit less accessible for just the quote unquote freebie seeker. And make it even to where you're the culture of your training isn't. This isn't just for people seeking a free ride. This is for people that are willing to make an investment and making that known when you're marketing to people that way, it's not a shock when you ask people to spend money with you, it's not a shock at all, because they already know okay, this is a culture of people that are either they're going to get on the bandwagon and they're going to make an investment or they're going to get off. And that's that's kind of that's what that's what we even try to cultivate and what we're doing more and more is is we want to attract people like they're willing to go to the next step with you. They don't want to just stay in a holding pattern. Okay, I'm going to be talking a lot more about that over the next couple of months too, as well. I'm getting more bolder and how I present even my own offers. So Hi. I'm Diana says how do you stay focused in a positive way? How do you stop the negativity from creeping? And Diana, let me let me let me answer this for you. Can you come on the microphone here? And then I'll get to Pamela's question. So what what type of negativity are we talking about?

[807:04] Speaker 7: Like letting the self doubt creep in, you know, yeah, the

[808:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: self doubt. So the self doubt, is more a subclass, it's usually more like a subconscious habit framework, if that makes sense. And you'll notice that the self doubt probably comes in, in other areas of your life. And so your own self doubt is a you have to address it.

[815:46] Speaker 2: And

[816:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have to replace the self doubt with a completely different belief, self doubt is a limiting belief. Now I could go clinical and say that the best way to get rid of the self doubt is to work with a professional therapist. Over time, it can take doing that. I don't know if you're working with anybody or not. But I found that if, especially if you've experienced a lot of negativity in your life, or your family, or your upbringing, or things like that, that you're going to notice that those that negativity replays itself in your head, when you go to do something. And it's almost subconscious, like it almost feels you can't control it.

[827:07] Speaker 7: Right. And sometimes that and when I go to do something, and I'm all excited about it, and I'm like, Yeah, this is going great. And then the next thing, I got somebody saying, Well, what on earth are you doing that for, you know, actually happening now?

[832:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who is saying that in your life? And why are you listening to them?

[833:10] Speaker 7: Right? And that's, that's why I was asking, because I needed to know which questions I should be asking myself so that I'm not doing that so that I can stay focused in this positive way that I was, yes, then.

[836:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you have? Yeah, when you get an environment like this, you'll feel really excited and motivated. And then you go back to your reality of what's kind of gotten you up to this moment in time in your life. And reality gives you a real sharp kick in the pants, and basically tries to pull you back to where you've been. So now, is this somebody like an actual person that you spend time with that saying this?

[843:34] Speaker 7: Yes. Thoughts? Yes. And that that's one of the things the issues. So which is that's another issue that's being taken care of, too. I'm just got a lot going on. Yeah.

[846:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, definitely, with the negativity is having boundaries not is limiting the amount of exposure to that type of negativity, it doesn't strengthen our mind, it actually hinders us to do that. And so as we're growing as we're healing, it's starting to say, you know, what, I'm not going to tolerate being talked to that way by anybody. And that's a that's a, that's a powerful stance, is deciding what you will tolerate around you and what you won't.

[855:13] Speaker 7: All right, with boundary and how do you how do you stay focused in that positive mindset, though? How do you

[857:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got to be intentional each day to realize that your brain is not programmed to stay focused in that positive way. And so what you can do is you can create a routine for yourself and you get up in the morning to remind yourself of that positivity. You also Ken can get around more positive people start to change what you listen to what you're actually putting your audio focus towards your visual focus. What are you reading? What are you spending time paying attention to? Who are you letting influence and speak into your life? That's a big part of that, as well. And listen, this isn't an overnight thing it can take you. This took me like four years to do so. Okay, because I was around a lot. I was around a lot of negativity. I mean, four months ago, I had somebody join my accelerator who just told me that I need to shut it down because I have no right to teach people when I talk about. And they came at me and just started saying that. And now and it actually bothered me that they did because unfortunately, this person was a trusted adviser from by a couple friends of mine. And so then that negativity started to creep in that this person's opinion. It was a religious opinion, as he was saying that I'm essentially I'm bringing a lot of harm to any Christians who are in my space is what it was. And that work. And so it's like, you know what, like, that's his opinion, I don't have to listen to that type of crap being thrown at me. And he was trying to, I guess, correct me and tell me that I need to do better, and that I was wrong. And that everything that I teach was just anti what God says in the Bible is what he was saying. And I'm just like, Okay, I didn't ask for that opinion, I have other mentors, including, you know, spiritual advisors that I talked to on my own. So that was somebody that I had to not no longer engage with, as somebody that I would really listen to their opinion. And it was interesting how that crept in like that so easily. And how easily people's opinions can start to sway what we believe about ourselves,

[895:55] Speaker 7: right? And I was like, Can I know better, you know, and I keep telling myself, I know better. So

[897:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a that's a good one is listening, you know, it's the I know, better thing is give you as giving yourself grace, that you're human, and you don't have to be perfect. And that it's actually okay to be experiencing some of this, and that you're growing a little bit stronger every single day. But part of the journey is that you're not going to be perfect every single day. And that you're still you're actually still struggle with the negativity doesn't mean that you are that you're not good enough or haven't reached a certain level, like this idea that we have to reach a level of positivity before we're good enough. Even that in and of itself is a trained belief about performance, about us needing to perform at a certain level to be worthy of success, to be worthy of acceptance, all of that. So one of the best things that has helped me as well was self compassion. And self compassion is a little bit different than the idea of self love. Because I don't, I don't necessarily like to use the term self love as much. But self compassion is very different. Self Compassion is okay, I make a mistake. I'm not perfect, but I'm doing the best that I can. And I trust that I am giving it my best. And now what we have is you might have an inner critic that says, Yeah, but you could be doing better, right, that ends up coming in, realize that that inner critic saying that actually isn't serving your best interest by saying that it's actually sort of limiting you. And this is their sort of a framework for understanding the way that our minds work, to where we have these these different, like, we have a critical part of us in our mind that criticizes us, what I like to look at is just from self compassion that, you know, I don't have to be perfect right now. It's okay, if I make mistakes, it's okay. If things are not perfect. Now, I've had people that will try to convince me that it's not okay. It's not okay. If you make a mistake, Jeremiah, bless God, if you make a mistake, then you shouldn't be coaching people. And that type of message, people will try to put that into our mindset, people will try to convince us that we're not good enough, unless we reach some sort of level of perfection or performance, to be qualified to do the things that we need to do. And at the end of the day, we have to just say, Thanks for your opinion, I, you know, I appreciate that. But I'm going to go do something else. I'm not going to take that to heart, or even need to process it. And then what I focus on is Okay, where am I going? Where am I headed? What direction am I going? And what do I need to do in my own life, to stay focused on where I'm going and having self compassion is that even when I make the biggest mistake, I still say, You know what, you're doing a great job, Jeremiah, you're doing great. And now that's not an excuse to go abuse people harm people or do anything that's wrong or like that. That's a lot of people seem to conflate that is okay, now I'm justifying wrongdoing by saying self compassion. That's not what I'm saying at all. What it is, is that you want to, because your desire is to grow and to give it your best shot, realize, become your biggest cheerleader that you don't have to punish yourself, verbally, mentally, or emotionally when you make mistakes, that you actually want to encourage yourself to do your best next time. And when you start to make that a habit in your life, it has major impact on everything else around you. Okay, I'm

[955:41] Speaker 7: sorry, I didn't mean to get off topic and everything that I appreciate you. Yeah, come with me.

[957:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's not off topic. We've talked about a lot about what you just asked in the accelerator, at least once a month. Okay. People who are in our program actually deal with this issue to where they they're like, you know, one lady was like, you know, my husband told me I should just quit. Because I'm not good enough to coach. Right? You know, and I said, Well, are you going to? I mean, do you have to? Is he telling you that you have to? Or is he more kind of challenging? He's like, she's trying to, he's trying to challenge me to be better. Instead, okay. Well, thank him for his opinion, and keep building and have the confidence in yourself. And so in that, it's just it's, it's important. We have to cultivate that inside of ourselves. Because nobody else around us is going to nobody's nobody is is coming to be our biggest cheerleader in life. So we have to be that for ourselves.

[972:58] Speaker 7: Hey, well, thank you so much. Thanks, everybody, for listening.

[974:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Pamela. You'd be surprised how many people deal with that, but they are too embarrassed to admit it. Okay. All right.

[978:17] Speaker 2: Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for all the things that you just helped her with. And my question is about subdomains. I'm trying to make sure I understand that because I want to go and try and create one.

[982:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: What domain name provider are you using, because it's all different, depending on what domain name company are using.

[984:09] Speaker 2: I'm using Squarespace.

[984:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay.

[985:31] Speaker 2: And I'm going to create a subdomain and make it become my landing page,

[987:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: and domain registered app. With with Squarespace. It's with Squarespace.

[989:13] Speaker 2: I used to be with something I think called Blue House, but now it's just everything is with Squarespace.

[991:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what are we using the subdomain for them?

[992:44] Speaker 2: I was going to create a landing page that doesn't show up on my main website so that I don't have so many distracting bars going across the top of the of the page.

[996:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. And to do that the way that you're wanting to if it's already hosted in Squarespace, you'll have to actually create another Squarespace account. Okay, or are you if you're wanting to do a subdomain, and then you associate that Squarespace account to the subdomain of your main domain. And so Squarespace has some tutorials Squarespace domain DNS management, you might need to contact their customer service, specifically about this, but there is you can look at on their help file to have adding custom DNS records to a Squarespace managed domain name. And so in this, this is where you would actually go create that subdomain. And then you should be able to point it to another Squarespace site. If you're wanting to do that. You might be able to go in Squarespace itself without having to make a subdomain you might be able to create depending on the template, you're using a landing page that doesn't have those bars at the top there. Oh, and so

[1015:10] Speaker 2: what what do you want to show me looks like what I did to get a custom domain for ConvertKit. So i Perfect i don't want to I don't want to buy another domain. I just thought it was way to create a hidden page on Squarespace and send people there.

[1020:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And you want to have those those bars that are not at the top, here's something that you could try out. And I'm gonna I haven't tried this before, but this might be pretty cool for some of y'all. Um, let me see, I have to log in to an I have to use this, this one right here. So Google just released a Google Bard. And it's trained for web development, not Brad barred. It's trained for web development. And here's something that I want to do. If I want to hide all of the navigation bars on this website, and you generate some code for me that I can paste onto a landing page to hide the navigation. And so I can literally type that in right there. And let me see if Google bar is going to generate some code for me. Here we go. Here's some code right here that will hide the navigation bars. Use this code with caution. Okay. So then what I can do is I can go to my landing page. Let me just try this out on the landing page and see if this works. I was able to get So Google Bharat is connected to the internet. And it can actually look at your website and know how to code stuff for you if you want to add features and stuff like this. So if I go to one of the pages on my website, let's just do the free chat GPT download right here. Okay. So this has the navigation bar at the top, let me ask it. Will this work on this page? And this is how AI is really starting to change the game as you don't have to hire a web developer or anything to be able to come up with some of this, you can just copy and paste some of this, this code in there unable to help. I'm only a language model. Okay, well, you should be able to help Oh, I see, there's actually more code that it's giving to as well. Okay, so it's giving quite a bit of code here. Here's a snippet to hide all navigation bars. This will hide all if you only want to hide a specific one, you can do this. So I paste this onto this page right here. Hope I don't completely break the site. Okay, now, let me go here and see if this worked. It might not work. So. Okay, nope, it didn't work. Okay.

[1060:38] Speaker 2: Okay. Oh, thanks, though. Thank you.

[1061:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now I can say Google bar, this code didn't work. And we can, you can start to kind of like, take a look at that. If you want to hide the navigation, you could code it to do that. I know that there's a way though, to get Google barred to actually be able to do this on my site. So let me try this right here. If I want to hide the navigation

[1068:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: on the chat GPT page, let's reset this.

[1072:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm designed solely to process and generate text. Yeah, so if you put it under the not linked category, yeah, it'll be enabled. It won't show up in the navigation. But what she's talking about is actually hiding all these links at the top here on her

[1077:12] Speaker 2: page. So that's the difference.

[1079:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say,

[1079:52] Speaker 2: I don't want to hide all the links, I just don't want to have a link at the top of the page that goes to the landing page, I want it to be that I could give people a U R L, that would take them to the landing page. But I want and they will see that logo, not necessarily my whole website. But if they go to my website, I wanted to look kind of clean and organized. So don't get confused with so many options.

[1087:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so again, that's exactly what I that's exactly what I'm looking at right here. If we go, header enter, this is this, you would have to possibly create some code to do that on the page right here. So we could go style, the style tag and then like that on your page. And then what that that'll do is it'll actually it'll actually see now it hid the navigation at the top there by having like a style tag up there. So you might again need to hire somebody to do that. I thought that Bard was gonna be able to generate some of the code for us, but it's not quite as smart yet. But there are ways to hide certain segments of like seed, none of those links now are at the top of this page here. So none of them are actually going to to that section right there. You can create a page and label it under Settings, give it a name, and remove it from the main navigation. So yeah, so that's one part of it that you can do. But that still shows the navigation on the page. So there's two separate questions that Pamela is asking here is, if you move it down to where it's under, not LinkedIn, Squarespace, it won't be in your navigation bar. However, you will still have all the links to the rest of your site at the top there. Okay, so all those links will be there unless you actually add in a little code block that hides those links. Okay,

[1117:35] Speaker 2: yeah, I think you answered my question because I don't want to hide all of the links like the welcome the about the events. I just don't want Have any more, you not want to have a limited number of things for people to know about? They'll be motivated to just pick one and not get. So, yeah, well by multiple options, so then

[1123:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where you would rather than not linked section of Squarespace, you just move it down under here. And then that allows you to at least send people to the URL, but it won't be in the navigation at the top there.

[1126:27] Speaker 2: So it will give me a URL, even if it's not linked. And I could use that URL to send people to a page on my website that is not linked. Is that what you're telling me?

[1129:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Correct? Yeah, so the URL is still going to be the same here, if it's under not linked, as the word not linked is technically confusing, because there is still a link to it. It's just not in the navigation. These pages are public. But they don't appear in your navigation, as it says right here. Okay. So if it's up here, it's in your main navigation. If it's down here in Squarespace, it's not. Okay. Thank you, just as Monique has said in her message right there. All right, everybody. Well, that concludes our q&a here. Again, make sure to stay plugged into our podcasts, the videos that we're posting on social media each day, if you are a coach, mentor trainer, and you want to grow and build your business, that's what we're here for is to help you do that as to be able to get more clients in your business. And again, I would encourage you, as I said before, jump into the client growth accelerator, one of the best things that you can do is to get out of the holding pattern of trying to Okay, struggle inch by inch up each time as you're building your business, and actually getting into an environment of other people that are working to work together towards a common goal. Getting into a mastermind group and having the coaching support and accountability. It is a catalyst that will take you to the next level in your business. So the doors to our accelerator they do close tonight at midnight. And that's the last chance to get these bonuses and the free gifts. And so you guys have the link to join there, you can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator to jump in. For those who have already jumped in. I'm excited to see you in there. For everybody else. Again, stay connected on our social media will keep delivering value to you and helping you my mission. The whole reason why my business exists, the whole reason why I have a social media, a YouTube all that is to help create 1000 millionaire coaches. That's my goal. That's my mission to help take 1000 people and make them a millionaire in the coaching, mentoring and training space. And so that every single piece of content that we put out is geared around helping you get to that place financially. So, thanks for being here. And we'll talk soon have a good one.

