VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-11-17T22:52:47.000Z
Duration: 106 min
Otter ID: bv_4ycvFRiWN2g6J4i5pEv01wLM
---

[0:51] Speaker 0: go

[2:51] Speaker 1: five, VIP q&a

[6:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, there we go. Looks like we got a couple of people waiting. Here we are. All right, everybody. Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome in welcome into the VIP. How was the Hello, hello, hello

[14:55] Judy Cunningham: ello doing well today?

[15:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. How's everybody doing? So listen, we're going to take your questions here today again, we got two more bonus q&a is coming up as well, tomorrow, like we had mentioned at two o'clock, Eastern 1pm Central, there's a zoom link that will be sent out, as well as on Tuesday, November 21. As far as that goes. So, anyways, I'd love to go over any questions you have about what we talked about here today. Anything that you want some clarity on any sort of guidance or direction about the steps of, and and again, if there's anything that you're like, Okay, I need about, I need you to walk me through this whole thing. And it's going to take me longer than 1015 minutes on here. I guarantee you, we have a course for it in the accelerator as well that you can go through because we've covered up a lot. We've covered a lot of that content. So anyways, raise your hand if you got a question. Let me know. That's how we do these Q and A's, we've been doing it for the last week, it's been great. The questions have been really good from everybody. I believe that you can totally no matter where you're starting from, whether you have experience, you've been doing it for 20 years, or you're just starting out. You know, it's funny, I saw posts on social media, it was like you know, somebody who's just starting out in coaching, you know, needs to be careful, yada, yada, yada. Everybody who started out started somewhere. So I am of the belief that you can always be a beginner. And I think that we got we got to wait to build up in our head that we have to reach some sort of level of Guru status, before we can actually successfully build a business. We're all growing, we're all improving. An example of this is you know, my mom, she started her, her stocks coaching, and she's really good at trading stocks now. But two, three years ago, she didn't know a lot about stocks. And now she knows a ton about it. And her community is having their lives changed and transformed. And so even if you're just starting out, or you have a lot of experience, and this is a controversial topic, really is controversial, but I believe that you can be successful and make a lot of money in your in a coaching and mentoring business. Anyways, raise your hand if you got a question. This is our final VIP here today. If there's anything you want me to break down to go through further. We'll take your questions here we need you, we usually need somebody to kind of be a little bit courageous to jump up and ask the first question. So to get the ball rolling, and then we'll usually get that get that going. So you know one thing I'll tell you, too, if you're ever like stuck, you're like, I don't know how to ask a certain question. Chat. GPT is really helpful with that where you can kind of just dialogue with it, what you're dealing with. And what I like to do is this prompt, I use this prompt all the time for myself, even with stuff about different topics. And dealing with this problem. I tell Chet GPT this and I say, can you frame this problem in a question that I could post in a Facebook group to get some response from people and nine times out of 10 It's a really great way to help us if we don't know how to ask a certain question. Chad CBT can help us come up with how to ask it, which is really cool. So anyways, yes, if you have a question here today on this VIP, you know, I've hosted a number of webinars over the last year and a half. And it always goes like this like the first five minutes nobody asks a question for a little bit there. And so it's always like that. It used to get me really discouraged. I'm like, Why is nobody asking any questions and I just I just understand that's just how people are so go ahead, raise your hand ask any questions. Donya says, I don't know if you can speak to this or not. Well, I can I can. I can definitely try to speak to anything. This is Jennifer all words, new coaching. So Oh, yeah. So what this is, is this is probably I can almost guarantee you as a white label Have go high level. And what that is, is go high level is a really great software that does a lot of stuff all in one, a lot of people, most coaches and mentors, they attach their name to it, and they call it their software. It's a company called go high level that they give you the ability to private label that. So a lot of our members, they have used go high level successfully, I think it's a great software that's out there. I think it's also a great deal. Here's the thing, any type of software that you want to use, will work with this process. Because what we're talking about is sales, marketing, getting clients the technical aspects of which tools you use. I mean this with all due respect, that they don't matter from one tool to another, they really don't, they all do the same thing, find the ones that you feel comfortable with is what I encourage people to do, overall. So go high level is, is the main software that most people when they release, like, Hey, I have a funnel building software and things like that is their white labeling a version of go high level is what it is. And go high level is a great piece of software, it includes all these different types of things, I don't use go high level I use. I use different software that I that I find a little bit easier to use. But yeah, it's if you want to use Jennifer's you want to use somebody else's. from a software perspective, those work well. And generally, so the the way they white label it is I think they give you like 50 to 70% of the sales you make off of it. So it's an income stream for for people that are marketing those. I focus a lot more on

[107:40] Donya: what's out. I said I'm just such a newbie, a complete newbie. So I don't know enough about you know, all these different things to compare. So I thought, if I did your when I do program, you know, if I just do what you're doing? Yeah, you know, versus

[112:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting part about it. 10 to 15 years ago, we had to compare it all and decide which one was the best. They're all they all do the same thing now. So like all the software's that are out there, they're only like five to 10% different from each other. And so there's the the really the main difference is like what was the one that Jennifer's marketing and go high level, which is basically it's basically the same platform is it's an all in one that contains everything in one platform, and you can get it set up that way. The process of setting up your landing page doing all that translates to any software platform that people are using. I teach how to use Squarespace, because it's the easiest one to learn and to get set up for beginners. Instead of having to learn like a kitchen sink type of software that does all these different types of things. For most people that are starting out, they find that that can be it can be easier. But I've I know a lot of people have had a lot of success with go high level and different white labeled affiliates, which it's a good piece of software it really is. So I could

[131:20] Donya: go directly to go high level not necessarily have to go to Jennifer's Yeah,

[132:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: most people select Jennifer, she might be including some templates that she's put together and things like that as part of that. That's usually where some people are doing that. But yeah, it's like I said, it's it's mostly all the software's they do that they do the same thing. Here's the problem that I see that a lot of people get into, and I saw a great video of this from another marketer. He was like, You know what, one of the biggest mistakes that a lot of coaches make is they're they bounce from software to software to software, thinking the tool is what's going to make them wealthy. It's, it's actually like, you plug in what we taught during these five days into any piece of software, and then you start actually putting offers out there. That's what makes the money come in. Overall. So the tools we use, it's like you got to they're just like different brands of hammers at this point, is what they are. So it's like, okay, you got five hammers. I see a lot of mentors and coaches. They're like, I'm gonna go buy another hammer, and hopefully that's gonna be the one that's gonna get me results. It's like, No, you got to actually get a contract to build a house. That's what's gonna actually make you money, not the hammer itself. So that's, that's something that I do. I do encourage people with most of the software's these days are also a lot easier to learn overall, which is, which is good, but all right, Judy, what's up, Judy? How are you?

[155:16] Judy Cunningham: I'm great. How about you sound? Good. I got two questions. The simplest is the first the dictation software you use. How do I say that? I keep it up where I can get it every time you talk. Well, I think you had a link in there. I originally get Yeah,

[160:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's over at otter AI otter AI as a just transcribes automatically all the sessions that we do, those are more internally.

[163:57] Judy Cunningham: I like to write writing and go back to

[165:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: my state, you can go, you can go grab that, for any of the sessions that we do as far as like in our coaching program and all the courses. So they all include transcripts as well. And that's another thing and we're and we're actually adding like another layer to it, we're going to be including checklists for all the lessons too. And I'm just going to show you kind of what that looks like a little bit. So like, for instance, this is a brand new course, we just came out with pixel, Facebook pixel clarity. So you got a lesson here where I'm teaching. This is a checklist of kind of what I was talking about. And really, this lesson is more of the history and purpose of it. So it's not necessarily stuff that you're going to do. But this is a checklist of what was talked about in the lesson. If I'm actually giving you action steps, this checklist will have those action steps. Each lesson has a summary of what the lesson is, it's kind of like a three, four paragraph summary. And then it's a fully unedited transcript of the lesson of what I was talking about right here. So whether you learn from reading, because I know listen, I can read faster than I can watch a training, I can I can speed read really well with good retention. So for me, I'm gonna read the lessons and of course, versus watching it. So I give you multiple ways, whether you want to watch a video, you want to listen to it, you want to read it. For the different courses that are in here, we're adding this to all of our brand new courses. And we're going back and we're adding the checklists, and all of this to all the previous courses as well that are in there, most of them. Most of the most important ones have these already loaded up in there. So that

[193:27] Judy Cunningham: is great. That's great. Now my second question was the cadence. You just talked about cadence to how you say, Can you expand on that more,

[196:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, helped me understand what you mean by that.

[197:17] Judy Cunningham: Okay, when you did the framework where you said, the 33%, for each one, the last one was sale, you said, there was a cadence that you use when you're selling. And

[200:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, part of the cadence that I use is kinda like, you really, it all first, it starts up here, mental, um, to wear like, like, when I go out, like when you see me talking about what I'm selling, and it's taken me like a year to get here confidently, is that I have to clear my mind of anybody watching the training that is a skeptic that is not going to buy being concerned if I'm not going to get any sales. And I focus in on presenting the opportunity in the best easiest to understand way possible. And so then that's what I do is I'll go in, when I know that it's finally a good time to talk about that, I'll start talking about not the features, but the benefits that the person is going to get. And I do so with confidence, too. I'm not, I'm not trying to convince anybody that they should join my accelerator program, I'm convincing you isn't something that I'm trying to do. If you've gone through the five days with me, and you're not convinced, there's nothing I can say that's going to change your mind at the end of that. And so all that I'm doing is I'm just sharing the opportunity with you with zero concern as to how it will be received. And and I think that that is is one of the most powerful things that we can do. Anytime I get in my head, and I'm concerned with, how are people receiving what I'm saying, I start stuttering I start going into the logic part of my brain I start, I start talking, honestly, from a perspective of somebody that like shouldn't be listened to. I start using words that make me sound like I lacked confidence in what I'm talking about. And so the first part for me is the mindset of letting go of the outcome, letting go of any concern whether people buy or not. And this can be a challenge to do especially if you got to pay your bills, especially if you making money in your business is the way that you're going to eat to survive and things like that. is holding this idea in your mind of non desperation not needing the sale quote unquote. And you come from this place of confidence that you are okay with people saying no, you're okay with them walking away. You're okay with people not taking your offer. So what that does is you speak with more confidence from that, that perspective, the next part of the cadence comes in. And we do have a course in the accelerator program called successful webinars and challenges where I break this down. There's another one also called virtual event playbook, where I break this down in more detail. But the gist of it is that once you get to the point where you're where you're selling the program, is you assume that whoever is watching you, is already interested in what you're selling, and you don't need to convince them. And so then you're just sharing the opportunity as best as possible, sharing any bonuses, any sort of like limited time, and then what I like to do is I'll go back and forth with, I'll share a little bit about what they get. And then I'll go back to a little bit of the training, you might have noticed, I did it today. And yesterday, I'll share a little bit about what we're teaching, I'll tie it back to what I was teaching as part of the webinar, and then I'll go back to connecting it with the fact that what I'm teaching goes further in what I'm selling. And so by doing that, there's a, there's a third part of this, you're gonna get better at it. by actually doing it yourself. You get better at it, it's kind of like if you read up on how to do surgery, weirdly, enough, selling is kind of like doing surgery a little bit, you get better at it by doing it not just reading in a book, you get better at cooking. By cooking, you get you get better at romance by romancing not by reading about romance. But by actually doing the actions and the behavior, I get better as a husband and as a father by spending time not just reading about how to be a good father. So we can obviously learn the techniques, but we only actually learn and improve by doing it. Even when we're scared, if that makes sense. And then you develop your own Authentic Cadence. And for me, it's step that's tapping into a flow state for me, to where I'm not really necessarily thinking about what I'm saying. But it's coming out of my mouth, as I'm thinking it. And I'm not so rigid and structured. And okay, I gotta say it so perfectly that they, they get it that unfortunately, people can read that a mile away. And it reads, when we're trying to do the sales pitch so perfectly, it reads to the person on the other end of the camera as you don't believe in what you're actually talking about, even if you do believe in it fully. And so that's why learning how to communicate from a place of having confidence, having belief in yourself, your process is about 80% of the battle. And then the 20% is really what you say 80 to 90% of communication is nonverbal. It's not what you say. It's how you say it, it's your body language overall. And that applies to the cadence of selling in your business to

[292:30] Judy Cunningham: guys, great. That's great. Let me say this, and I'm through this five days, and I've seen you before, but this five days was life changing for me? Yeah, I'm just excited about what year 2024 gonna be for me.

[296:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's funny, you said that right now. I said that in my ad, this is going to be life changing. I had somebody comment on my ad, they're like, there's no way your five days is gonna be life changing. You're a scammer. And I'm like, it's funny. Because even though like y'all are here, it was amazing. I'm doing amazing stuff with that. And yet there are people on the internet that don't believe in anything that I'm doing. And I don't, I don't. I used to bother me now. I don't concern myself with them. You know. And so it's like having that confidence that I know, we're changing people's lives. We're impacting families. And here's the thing. Not just your life, because I want to see you guys become very wealthy, very successful financially. But it's also the impact that comes from that. Because when you make money in your business, it unlocks creativity, it unlocks opportunity. And what I love is the trickle effect that comes down from a coach and a mentor that is successful. One of my favorite examples of this is when I look at a really my mom is one I mean they've lives that has come from that she's impacted and that those people's lives have impacted and that have impact. I mean, if I look at my mom's global impact, it's like a large there's a lot of people that their lives have been impacted by my mom and, and our family and stuff like that. coaches and mentors As your impact goes beyond just selling, getting clients, but you're gonna have impact when you get really good at sales, and it becomes more natural, and it becomes less like. Okay. Again, we all know the sleazy used car salesman, nobody likes that. It's not effective, the sleazy sales person. Like trope identity, that sleazy salesperson is really just an amateur that doesn't know what they're doing a really good salesperson ever everybody loves them. They think that they're amazing. They like that's like, they love to hear even the sales pitch as far as that goes. And so you get really good at sales. When you get really good at sales. The people you're going to be selling to are going to actually like thank you, just as Judy did, like, I'm, I've been selling the last five days. And yet people say it's life changing. And that's when you know you're doing it the right way. Does that process? So this is just an example of I believe you whatever you've seen me do. You can do it as well, yourself. Let's see, Janelle. My brain is spinning with ideas at the same time. Getting more clarity on what I want to be coaching. That's awesome. Let's see. All right, any any Oh, Don, yeah, you got your hand raised? Perfect. Is it done? You're done? Yeah. How do I say it?

[343:58] Donya: Okay. Yeah, it's Donya. Like Tony with a D. Okay. So you encouraged us to be greedy? So I'm being greedy and asking you questions. So is there a particular GPT chat? First of all, I signed up for something for chat, a GPT. And it was for, but it's like 799 a week? And it's like, so it's

[350:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: not a real one?

[350:56] Donya: Well, it's working. But yeah, it'll it's

[351:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably connected to their API on the backend. So it's probably is working,

[352:49] Donya: if you have a link that I can go to to get what you're talking about with the plus. And that's one question I have. And then the second question I have is, is there a particular GPT prompt that you would recommend for finding out if my particular niche is actually going to be something that people are looking for? Yes. Or is there another way to go about doing that?

[359:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I like to really do is there's a there's a multi step process to figure out what people are looking for there is a prompt that I like to use. First off, here's the link right here, it's chat dot open ai.com.

[363:18] Donya: And is that the plus one?

[363:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that will. So that's the plus and the free one, and you go over here, and you can upgrade it by going to my plan, and then you upgrade right here. Okay. Okay. So that's, that's the official one over at open ai.com. And then they have they have an iPhone and an Android app two that they make. And so like, if you're in the app store, it says, when you look up, chat GPT it'll say the official app by open AI, and then it like says open AI as the creator of it right there. So all these other ones, say powered by chat, GPT they're not necessarily official, the official one is going to be the best. And they've really ramped up the features of it in the last week and made it really powerful as well. Okay. Um, okay, so the next thing as far as prompting, it goes the way that you're, you're asking, number one, if we look at your niche, and again, we actually have a thing right here where I was kind of typing some of this in a little bit yesterday, so I can click back to it, because it saves all that stuff that we're talking about, generate, I like to do this, and I like to have it brainstorm 20 topics or ideas, top topics or ideas of profitable, let's say niches or ways to explain a coaching program that can be successful if I'm getting clients. So it's really I'm just asking it kind of the way you asked me, Is there a way to figure it out, you can bring that into your prompting and to hear. And so like for instance, what you're teaching really can apply to a number of different even industries. But then what you're doing is you're finding based on those industries, how to apply your methodology of like, so a Christian, who feels like they're in a wilderness season, connecting to what their vision is. This is one way that you can optimize this but one of the other ways that I like to look at to figure out if a niche is profitable is go look at who else is out. out their marketing in a similar space to you, and see if there's a topic that you find that they're using often. And in the Christian space, there's a lot of people, I'm not saying take their training, but take the overarching topic overall. Because you can find that in book titles, you can find that on webinar titles, you can find that on YouTube video titles, as far as what topics people are using, overall. So again, when we're talking about this group of people right here, and again, I want to I want to give it some clarity on this.

[409:40] Donya: You guys are fast. Try to figure out what you're doing. Okay.

[411:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I did was I scrolled up to the top here and I just copied this, okay. And then I copied down to here, and then I pasted it back into the chat box down here. So I told her to align the responses to what we had talked about above. Okay, so spiritual growth, wilderness experience coaching Christians seeking a deeper experience, empowerment, coaching for women, Christian life coaching, boundary setting, voice reclamation, faith based stress management. And here's another thing that you can look because you've been you've been mentoring and counseling for a long time. And from from what it sounds like, you're you've been doing it more like a coach versus a traditional like, saw soft therapy soft therapist.

[424:48] Donya: I've been, I've been a full on trauma therapist. Yeah, for 33 years. So I have been a therapist, but in the midst of being a therapist, I do spiritual direction and life coaching, like, Yeah, talk to your husband in the middle of this, or how do

[428:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: you understand the like the nuance of the difference of that? Yeah, I have found some people, just like a side note that when they come from just traditional therapy, and they don't understand maybe some of the more nuances that you do, that they struggle with some of these methodologies of marketing, because they seem a little bit more aggressive. And if you're marketing to people that have trauma, it can seem like oh my gosh, like, I don't want to traumatize these people that I'm marketing to. And so I have found that that's where, okay, we want to qualify, when we go into coaching people that won't just like, shut down because and the way like, here's an example this, we ran a campaign with Rick Pitino that was like this, and it did terribly. I'm just giving you this example. We ran this campaign, it was like, Do you feel like you have been silenced in the church, nobody recognizes your voice. Nobody hears you. And God's calling you to do great things. And we basically everybody, like raise their hand, a whole bunch of people join this training, but zero sales came out of it on the back end. Because we realized a they just wanted somebody to listen to them. They weren't really at a stage where they actually wanted to do something to change the situation. And be they probably needed to work through their trauma before they were willing to do that. And so we had like identified we put a lot of money into advertising. We were like, Oh my gosh, this is amazing. We call it the wild and free worshiper class. It was amazing. Because they're like people see Rick Pino wild and free worshiper and, you know, he's like, he embodies this, he can empower people to do that. It was an amazing training, people said their lives were changed by it. But from a sales perspective, crickets. And so that's where we had to like pivot, like, okay, let's find people that like they're, they're on their journey, they've may become through some therapy, and they're looking to really find some actionable steps to what their next season is. And that's the group of people that you're going to be able to sell to much better than the ones who necessarily need the therapy side of things. What I would keep his keep your like, keep the more therapeutic approach and messaging, you'll still bring that into your normal coaching. But keep that in reserve for more like your free content and different lead magnets and things like that. But then what you're selling is more of a blueprint to like, Okay, we're gonna go to work, it's going to be there's going to be some hard things you got to do, there's going to be some stuff, you're going to have to put on your your big boy and big girl pants to do some stuff. And that's really like the target group that's going to be more likely to buy from you. I call them especially in like, Christian group, you got the people they just they really they hang out in the prayer room. They hang out and worship all day, great people, but they're not necessarily they don't necessarily like want to follow a path to like leadership or their next level or to grow. They really are just in love with the awe of what God is doing in their life. And that's great. And that's amazing. This is a great this is a conversation I've had with Georgie and ban off too, because that's like his whole market. They love his message of having more joy and God brings in joy and stuff like that. But I told him, if you want to sell courses, you got to pivot to your message doesn't really change. But we market it to the people that they want to either grow in leadership, they want to discern God's voice, they want to know how God can use them in whether it be in a church setting in in the in the seven mountains setting, kind of fitting it into one of the sort of narrative frameworks like that. And then going and spending time in prayer and figuring out which one is it is a good fit for you. But we really want to package that more ethereal concept of what you do to a specific sort of track that you can take people on. And when people can see a track that has a beginning and an end, they're much more likely to actually buy into it than just hey, we're gonna go on this journey and discover what we discover. Does that make sense? Guys? Thank you. Yeah, awesome. I don't think I've ever explained it that way. Before. I'm really I'm really I think the way I just explained it was probably one of the better ways.

[500:22] Donya: And what were you saying about kind of keep your counseling? I don't know what you were saying. But I didn't know what you were meaning? Well, please

[502:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: look, if you're gonna bring it into the coaching and the mentoring and all of that, because it's like, you have all that knowledge. If you find somebody needs some of that you're gonna work with them threw that in there. But it's not necessarily like the front end hook of what you're selling, is like, we're going to counsel you through your your trauma and stuff like that. Rather than

[508:39] Donya: as a coach, I can't be a counselor, it's actually not allowed. So I can't even I almost have to distance myself from being a counselor.

[511:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Maybe from the technical term?

[513:45] Donya: Like I could lose my license. Yeah,

[514:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you pull techniques, though, from your counseling in your coaching, though, and you won't lose your license? For sure. So like, right, exactly. You were saying the same thing. So and I think that that's actually a very healthy way of doing that, which is why I think if you're leading with just a counseling based thing, it's not going to, you're not going to get as many sales from a group setting. So we want to package it as coaching and coaching being some sort of a like tangible outcome that we're going to lead them to, as far as this goes. So women in the wilderness season, let's take a look at that. They feel like they've lost their voice, and they need to establish their boundaries. So those are like three kind of main areas.

[525:53] Donya: Those are three separate things I was thinking about, actually, when you were talking to me yesterday, I had three thoughts, Awaken your heart, awaken your voice and awaken your dreams, like as in three, as in three different potential classes. And

[529:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then here's a prompt that I like to use with Chad GBT. Imagine if somebody awakened, their heart, awakened their voice and awakened their dreams, through the coaching above, generate a possible fictional future scenario of what their life might look like. And what this does is this helps me brainstorm some ideas of a fictional character that kind of fits in the archetype of what we're doing. So like, for instance, one of these women could literally then see themselves as the keynote speaker at their own conferences five years from now, and be where you are, as part of that sort of journey, like stepping into leadership, that would be one of those things, I think, really stepping into a level of leadership as a tangible way of packaging it. But what does that look like to where you build your tribe, you are not just somebody who's following somebody, but you're somebody who is influencing others around you, and you get to create your life, co create with God, and create the life that you want. And so again, that becomes the way that we kind of package what you're coaching them on.

[550:40] Donya: I love that. Thank you. Yeah.

[551:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's just like one way of doing it, the nuance gets, so there's a second level to it. And this is where it gets like lasered in because that's the first level. The second level is where you bring in a group of like 50 to 100 of these women. And you start to figure out in their own words, how they describe what's stopping them from doing this, and what their dreams are. So they so you end up documenting what their dreams and goals are as a leader and you end up documenting what's stopping them from getting there. And then you can literally take those two things and you start to craft your sales copy in your messaging around the exact words that those women are saying to you. And chat GPT can help you do that by bringing that in. And that's why I have a Google Doc that has the answers to those questions that people have told me that they're working through themselves. So that's like, that's right here is if I look at this Google Doc right here, I don't have names on them either. So they're anonymized. So I can kind of just pull it in. But I can see, these are the aspects that people want to learn they're struggling with. And I have 120 pages of responses from the last year and a half of people that if I bring this now in a chat GPT this gives me in their own words, exactly how people say it. And I don't know that that's their, like the science behind it. But like, Have you heard the term like, mirror neurons? Okay, um, so the the concept of it, let me look it up here real quick. Again, I'm not an expert in this, but I know that it applies to this. It's this idea that when we observe somebody else, doing something, our own brain fires, and sort of has empathy and feels what that other person is doing. But that also comes in language, if we use the same language that somebody else is using on our sales copy, it fires the mirror neurons where it builds trust faster. So the person sees that you understand what they're going through, because you're using the same words that they put in their own dialogue, right. And so and so that's one of the like, that's a really cool, it brings your ads cost down when you when you figure out what are the exact words that your potential clients are using, and then you just sort of reflect those words back to them and your sales copy in your messaging. And sales is just really a game of trust. Getting people to trust that you can deliver the result that you promise. And so when we are talking about complete strangers that are out there, you know, 1000, complete strangers that don't know who you are. But if you start to demonstrate that you understand their problems, you understand how to solve their problems. And they really resonate with your energy, because that's another part of it, they just like you, like, they just, they can't explain it, but they just like talking to you, they like hanging out what they like your vibe. When all of those kind of come together, that builds that trust in you your program and the result, and then those people are far more likely to buy what you're selling on the back end overall, because they're comparing it in their mind everything else that they've seen out there. And this, it makes more sense to buy from you than just then to reject it overall. And so that's kind of the psychology of online sales and marketing is understanding how to paint that picture. And this is why we qualify the right people, because not everybody is going to be a good fit for that. When you can qualify the right people, you can feel confident that you are talking to the people that fit into those categories. And then once they're in your ecosystem, you get to dive deeper into more of the individual heart issues and all those things. Is there

[615:26] Donya: a way to qualify a person like if I'm really trying to market to spirit filled people? I mean, that can sound like a lot of people will say, Well, you know, who do you think you are to say that? But is there another way to say that?

[619:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, people might say Who do you think you are to say that, but at the same time as they will, they're not anybody to really worry or concern yourself with. Um, the way that you do say that is on your landing page, you can literally just say this is for a Spirit, Holy Spirit filled Christian women that XYZ and you literally just described where they've come from and their story. And it qualifies, because if they don't fit into that, they're going to click off the page. So the algorithm will start to show your ads to people that are more taking action with you. So if they click off the page, the algorithm is going to stop showing the ad to those people. And it's going to start showing it to more that are actually taking action with you. Then it gets really fun when you can build a look alike audience which is a bucket of people in Facebook, that all have engaged with you at some point. The way that I do that is I take everybody who's upgraded to my VIP packages on my webinars. I put that into a bucket and I tell Facebook go find me people that are more likely to be one of my VIPs and that's who Facebook that's why we have a VIP like this is it helps us train Facebook's ads manager to show our ads ads to more qualified people. Interesting. Okay. Yeah. And that's where it gets really fun. And that's where like, when we, when I say like profit margins of 36 times our ad spend, that's when all of those levers are dialed in. In the beginning, you might get two to three times the ad spend. And then as those levers start to get dialed in the profit margins start growing and start taking off. So you have so you can spend less and the amount of money you make can go to the moon at that point.

[648:58] Donya: Thank you so much.

[649:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Janelle, what's up, Janelle? How are you? Good.

[650:42] Jinell Garcia: Okay. Just a couple questions here. Um, you do you talk a lot about Facebook ads? Do you ever do ads on Instagram? Yeah,

[653:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: so Facebook and Instagram ads use the same exact platform.

[654:20] Jinell Garcia: So if it goes to Facebook, it goes to your Instagram also? Correct.

[655:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I just I just have it automatically cross pollinate between the two. So I just kind of combined them all into one bucket.

[657:18] Jinell Garcia: Do you ever flying from Facebook to Instagram? Or do you start from Instagram to Facebook? Or does it matter?

[658:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: It goes to both at the same time. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

[659:43] Jinell Garcia: And then my second question is, because I had mentioned earlier how I'm I've changed my niche to be more for women, moms specifically. But how defined do the parameters need to be, too, I have to have like, an age group within a 10 years age range, or can I spread it out a little bit further, you

[666:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: can definitely spread it out a little bit further, what you will identify over time is which group is more likely to be buying from you. So like, for instance, I'll give you an example of this, I was running a lot of ads. And the algorithm kept bringing in people that were 60 7080 years old to my campaigns, none of them were buying my program from me. But they kept showing my ads to these amazing people. And so I told Facebook, I said, Okay, if you can, as much as possible, just show my ad to people that are 60, between the age of 25, and 60. Because I found that that was, you know, kind of the group, again, I have people I've worked with that are in their 70s. And they're successful. But it's, it's nine times out of 10, I'm talking about, like, if I'm investing money into advertising, it doesn't translate to sales, as well as the younger age does as far as that goes. So that's where then I can go in there. And I can change that and kind of move that lever around and do that. When you're coaching, minimum age, at least 2526, even 30 is generally gonna be like the minimum age and then maximum age can go as high as you want. It just all depends on are they dealing with this problem? are they dealing with this struggle that you solve? And do they have a goal and a dream to accomplish? What you're going to be coaching them on? Right? There's because when we're marketing, we're marketing to the dream that they want to accomplish. Right? Right. And the end result and we're painting a picture of you want the person to believe in their mind, by becoming a client of yours, it's going to save me time, and it's going to actually get me the result that I've been wanting better than anywhere else. And so that belief, sparks the trust, and turns into sales in your business. And this is something that we can optimize, we can tweak. Anybody who's here, you can get really good at doing this.

[700:36] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, yeah. Because that was that, that that's my thought was, I'm not quite sure what age range is going to be most beneficial for me, you know, there's gonna be attracted to me. So that's encouraging that I can kind of spread it out and then bring it, hone it in a little

[704:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: bit and spread it out. The other thing too, is the the algorithm on Facebook will show your ad to people that are more likely to take action anyways. And so you'll start to see it'll start to kind of come in from that, but what most of the time in coaching I recommend 25 to 60 years old, right? Unless you we have some clients are like I want to do 55 And up only. And And what's interesting about that is the 55 and up market to advertise to is way cheaper to run ads to overall on Facebook, because not a lot of people are marketing to the 55 and up but you got to be really good at selling to that market versus how you sell to people that are under the age of 60 the messaging is a little bit different in my experience. Okay.

[717:53] Jinell Garcia: All right. Thank you. Yeah.

[719:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um and I couldn't So just be because I'm, I'm 36. So I'm young. And that might be why I have a disconnect with, like building trust with people that are twice my age. versus, you know, just, I talked to my mom about this, I was like, you know, gosh, they want to learn from me. But then when it comes to like becoming a client, they usually say no, it's like, yeah, it's because they see as your, your, like, their grandkids, so I was like, it makes sense.

[727:10] Jinell Garcia: But the reality is, I mean, when I worked out in the financial industry, I ended up working for a boss. That was half my age, you know, right. Yeah. Oh, you just,

[730:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, some people know that. Others others don't. Yeah, that's true. It depends on your niche, too. And what your what's your marketing? Yeah. Okay. So I find it in my niche. One thing that I deal with a lot is, this is kind of just more just a personal note, I deal with arrogance from people to where they are, like they think they they already know everything, and they don't want to learn new things. And at that point, I'm like, okay, great. Like, I actually, this has been growth for me, because I used to be like, well, I want to convince you that this is a better choice to make. Now I'm just like, Listen, if you don't see it, yeah. I'm gonna focus on the ones who do see it, that do see the opportunity. Right. So right, yeah. And that's been a big growth. For me, a lot of my energy was in trying to convince people of the opportunity that I was presenting now I have laid down, I guess you could say it was even like an idol of, of trying to get people to see what I have to bring to the table. And I've, I would say in the last like, month or so I've really laid that down to I was like, Okay, if you don't see it. You know, I'll do my best to present it, but I'm gonna move on to somebody else who does see it. And he like ordering says, Yeah, convincing arrogant people? No, no bueno. No, at all is Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Well, and that's the thing. So I'm in a market, mentors, coaches, trainers, thought leaders, that these are we're, we're people that think we know a lot about a lot of things. And so our superpower becomes our detriment. And it's a it's a fine line to walk to where it's like, okay, I was telling my group this, like your superpower of being able to see what people are doing wrong can be your detriment, because then we become super self critical and critical of everybody else. And it stops us from actually, like, getting to our breakthrough, because we're just more just trying to compare and validate what we know. And, and all of that. And this, I'm saying this, as somebody that I do this myself, and when I catch myself doing it, I'm like, Man, I'm doing it again. So

[766:10] Jinell Garcia: the thing is, is different people react to different personas of ourselves, too. Yeah, you probably just grown into how you present yourself. And, you know, going back to reading people, so if there's arrogant people out there,

[770:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: but, you know, it goes back to I've, I've, I've concerned myself less with what people think about me.

[772:00] Jinell Garcia: And that, and that's an attractive quality.

[772:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, like, like, there's like the jerk that does that, like, in a positive way, like, you know, where I, if you dislike me, that's not me and my concern. Right? That's, that's good. That's good. I wasn't that way a year or two ago. And it, it stopped me from reaching people that stopped me from selling and stopped me from being able to be successful. So that's why I talk about it so much, because I know that it was what was stopping me from even marketing my business. Was that, yeah, yeah.

[781:45] Jinell Garcia: Well, it's interesting, because on the flip side, sometimes because I've had people who, because I can come across as soft sometimes they don't understand that I could hurt them. You know, but, you know, that's the honest truth is there's a part of me that they just don't know. And I've had to get a little bit more tougher with them. Yeah. To earn their respect. Totally. Yeah. And then we took care of where we're good and we move forward. And

[789:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's funny, I have a I have a very soft, compassionate side. I also have a very aggressive side, too. Yeah. And it's been learning how to like, have that under control. And knowing because honestly, like, otherwise, I'm just going to act like a seven year old. And if a 35 year old man acts like a seven year old and throws a temper tantrum on camera, it's not pretty. That's the best way of explaining it. But you know what I'm talking about. Getting super angry, pissed off. Somebody asked a question. Oh god, I had somebody six months ago and this happened. I recognize the seven year old part of me rose up. All right? And oh, gosh, she was just like, listen to your message of not worrying what other people think you are harming families. You are, you're encouraging abusers to abuse their kids is what she told me. And I'm like, I don't think I ever said that. But it triggered something in me because I grew up around abuse that I've wanted to fight back. And gosh, it wasn't a very pretty conversation. So I've, I've learned as well, to let go of being defensive, and to really more assume the best if somebody's thinking that it's probably something that they're dealing with. And, and I and me having a lot more compassion on that as helped, as well as me feeling confident myself has been. I'm just I'm sharing all this. It sounds like I'm just talking, why am I sharing all these stories about myself? Because I know that this is what people deal with, when they go out there to coach and they go out there to sell and all that and, and if you can grow in these little nuanced areas, you can make a lot more money in your business.

[817:53] Laurine: Right. Right.

[818:16] Jinell Garcia: Thank you.

[818:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Let's see Judy's got her hand raised. What's up, Judy? Yeah,

[819:53] Judy Cunningham: you say you don't know why you saying these things. But I know why you're seeing them. You helping us. Really helping us? The one things I just picked up on? You said there was a psychology of online sales and marketing. So what did you use to learn that? Oh, what major resource did you use to learn? Oh, gosh.

[825:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, again, that's an that's a loaded question. I started by just getting into the end of the business. I'm a little bit of a unique scenario because my my mom started with online sales and marketing when I was like, a kid. So I've always been around it my whole life. And I just kind of absorbed it by being around it. However, I when I went out there the first time I went out there to sell and market something in business. I couldn't do it I was so caught up in my head fear of rejection was my biggest thing, being rejected by people. You know, one of the greatest things that you can get to is to where you like you embrace rejection, you embrace the No. And you actually have more look for more nose than yeses. That really helped me for a while, was being able to do that. But then just looking at, okay, what are other marketers doing? Trial and error putting campaigns out there. I learned a lot of it by marketing for other people's businesses. So like, when I worked with Danny Johnson, I had helped with a lot of the sales letters, the testimonies. And Danny actually taught this whole methodology of how to sell because she was teaching network marketers how to sell with like a script and all of that. I realized you can translate all those same skills to the online space. So then I started looking at who are the top people that are selling online? And I took that in? Oh, gosh, this was 30 No 16 Goodness was this 16 years ago? 2007 16 years ago. You were out? Were you there with me? 2007. Yep, that was it. Did we meet each other then rain? To meet you there? Probably. Yeah. Yeah. So but in 2007, I started really observing this like 16 years ago, while I was working with Danny Johnson, I started observing how like what the top online marketers were doing. And Danny's husband, Hans him, and I would geek out about all the top marketing stuff and all that he had a library of courses that I went through and learned about all of that. And so that's one of the things is one of the best ways to learn it is joining a program like my accelerator, going through training from somebody like myself and learning it from that aspect. But then it's applying it doing it yourself putting yourself out there trial and error, seeing what people respond to experimenting in the beginning in the beginning of your marketing and I think this is like it's it's such a paradigm shift. Most people are not good at sales and marketing. Naturally, there's a small percentage of the population was just born with the skill set. The rest of us have to grow in it by doing it and failing enough times that we get better at it. Most people don't have the consistency the tenacity and really the ability to I guess take the hits take the hits on the chin a little bit enough to be able to grow enough to do it with a lot of people quit before they reach that stage. For me, learning I'm you know, I just spent way too much time or Aren't millionaires that were mentors and coaches. And I had seen people that I know were not as skilled as me being very successful at selling online. And it encouraged me that if they could do it I could do and then observing, okay, how do they talk? How do they communicate? How do they bring in a lead? What do they do once the lead comes in? And then I had the incredible opportunity to work with my mom and with clients over the years to help them get successful. And so if we're talking about how did I learn all this, that would be the last 20 years of my journey was learning that and now I've distilled that down into the courses that are in our, in our accelerator.

[891:36] Judy Cunningham: Okay, so you mentioned this Danny Johnson in entrepreneur. I guess she had a course or whatever is that there's still some Geno's are sent to Nike. No,

[894:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think she's retired now. And she has a whole team that does it all for her now.

[896:22] Judy Cunningham: Those scripts would be monumental. Those scripts would be monumental.

[898:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, they do sell the script book as far as that goes. I I break down a lot of like, how do you do one on one sales and things like that one of my other favorite sales book. I think it's better than what Daniel was teaching is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort straight line selling right here. And again, disclaimer, Jordan Belfort had a book a movie made about him where he he scammed a bunch of people into buying really crappy stocks. I mean, honestly, like if you're talking about he wasn't very ethical and how he learned sales. But he that the techniques that he teaches in this book, apply and are very ethical when it comes to how we communicate and close sales. So if we can look past the fact that okay, I don't want to necessarily model my lifestyle after Jordan. But I can really learn a lot from what he teaches in this book about sales. That's one of the best books that I know out there. Hey, Phil, thank you. Again, you know, I'm not I'm not doing lines of coke on my desk like Jordan does, but good. No, thank you. But he what he teaches is how do you build that trust with people? And I'll say this, as a side note, a lot of people are like, Listen, if you're building trust for a scam or something that's legitimate, you're still building trust the same way. And so that's why his his teaching in this book is how you basically like, disarm the prospect from being negative skeptical. How do you qualify a prospect? What do you say? And it's all really good stuff that if you watch the last five days, I've pretty much translated what he teaches in here and how I deliver my presentation. It's how I do everything. So it's just all about having that energy of confidence and knowing how to communicate well with people. All right, Sherry, what's up? Sherry? How are you?

[930:22] sherry james: Hey, Jeremy, I'm doing great. How are you?

[931:07] Speaker 6: Good. Can you hear me? Yes.

[931:56] sherry james: Can you hear me? Okay? I'm sorry if there's background noise that had to come out to the restaurant today. Yeah, my internet was down. So anyway, this has been a great five days. And you, you know, it's like, the way you presented everything. I do love it. And also, Ah, man is kind of like it's, you know, women's dreams that females dreams, like in transition from emptiness thing to like, being an empty nester and being everything to everybody. And then who am I, you know, and the thing that I had come up with was like, the mind, body and heart because I went through those transitions. And then and I did, I picked it up, it had been a dream of mine to live at the beach. So I did pick up and I sold everything. And I am here at the beach now. And so I know that you can have your dreams. And I had a vision for that. And it was you know, I had it and it was on a vision board. So it's like that's basically what you know what I wanted to share with women that and you know, I'm here and I did it by myself, me and my dog and of course, uh, you know, I have I went to Danny Johnson And then I have followed your mom, I dearly love your mother. And, and I always used to think I was like, Oh, I hope my son grows up like to be like Jeremy and he'll help me. Because I just I always admired how much you helped your mother. Yeah, when I would see you guys. So I do. You know, I think you were very good said I just want to let you know that. But so this is what you know, the you think I have something? And you know, like in the health part of it because I told you that I'm in a networking and I love my products. Yeah. And I had one, you know, I wanted I can't, you know, I can't advertise that. But I felt like with the body that, you know, I can give, you know, give them say, well, here's what I did.

[976:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, let's take a look at this. Do you

[976:56] sherry james: have any input? I mean, do you think I have something to coach down? Well, you

[978:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: would look for your either way they're talking about so here's a few ways that you would translate this. And I think that this is actually really good. I took what you told me right here, okay. And I threw this into a GPT that I've been playing around with, to come up with some of the pain points and things like that. And then I said, what are 20 Profitable Niches around what you shared. So it talks about here's a few things, health and wellness, after 50 years old, parent child relationship, reinventing your life, midlife emptiness, transition coaching, and how to have more financial wellness and independence, or spiritual growth, or how they could travel and go on more adventures. So it's really kind of picking one of these, or one or two of these, and combining those and that's what's going to be more profitable for you. For these empty nesters is picking, okay, what is something they want to do. And then you can kind of help them establish that vision board to start to do it to start to create it as a as a thing that they want to do, or how to help them find what they can do. And that's how we would package it in that way. And of course, you can bring in any products that you have from a networking business, things like that. I found by the way, if you do have like a network marketing, business and products, you could always have coaching and then you could say, hey, this product helps support what we coach on. And that's a great way to supplement it. And to add that very similar to like a lot of people do affiliate marketing or things like that, when they when they they sell their coaching is they have side products that support what their coaching is. But what what you're looking for is you're looking at again, you have the story, you have the blueprint of your story being an empty nester being everything to everybody the mind body heart going through the transition, I wrote that down that you just shared. What is on the other side of that? And what does that story look like if we go five years into the future, and that was the best case scenario and everything went, how we envisioned it and all of that. That's what we want to work backwards to and what we want to find people that have a vision of creating that life of theirs in this new season. And that's where you would coach people on is very specifically that, but you want to get real specific about a topic or an area that they're going to take action. And unfortunately, if you just do coaching, that's like, you know, this is for empty nesters that want to that are going through a transition, you probably won't sell much coaching as far as that goes. And so it's getting, it's making it a little bit more specific and more tangible. That'll help you

[1023:28] sherry james: Okay, and so, and I would go through this list that you just shared, I would go to chat GPT and tap those bandit, kind of get an idea myself, you could type it in

[1027:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: the link that I just sent you right there too. These are just different different ways of doing that. And again, it's figuring out what is that like, ultimate transformation that you're taking them to? Because the you know, the process that nobody buys, nobody buys coaching for the process.

[1033:32] sherry james: Right? Yeah.

[1034:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: They are getting the process after they buy it. That's what your deliverables are. But they buy it because of the belief in what the process is going to create for them. And so they got it's got to get real tangible and real clear as to what that process is going to lead to or can potentially lead to. Otherwise it's kind of Like shooting in the dark, it's kind of like, hey, buy a plane ticket, well, where are we going? I don't know, we'll figure it out. When we get there. At 890, you're gonna buy a plane ticket without knowing where you're going, right? That's how most, that's how most coaches sell their coaching, well, we got this great plane that can take you anywhere. It's like, yes, but I want to know where I'm going. And so to actually sell it, you got to have the destination and the starting point in mind, I think that that I think that that's a great analogy for it is kind of like,

[1047:43] sherry james: now,

[1048:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you gotta have a starting a starting terminal, and you gotta have a destination. And you might go to another destination from there. But you know, nobody has ever bought a plane ticket to just sit in the air for six years. You know? That's how most coaches sell their coaching. It's like the holding pattern.

[1054:09] sherry james: And I think that that's where you know that it kind of scares me because I'm like, Okay, I don't know how to do that. So you think your course will? You will? I mean, if I, I do? Yes, do the modules and I can and ask for help.

[1060:58] sherry james: What's up? Yeah, I can get clarity and how to put this together? I

[1062:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: think you can, I think you'll know that when you try it out for 30 days and go through that with us, is to be able to do that. So we have the modules in the training to help you do that the mindset course is also going to be helpful for you. Here's one of the biggest things that I that I tell people is we want to figure out, and this has been just like a little bit of how I would coach this. We can do it right here is that fear? If we can get present to that fear that you're feeling is what is behind it? And what is sort of, what are we trying to avoid that we're afraid of? What do we think might happen if things go wrong? That's one of the first questions we want to answer internally. And I'm not sure, okay, that's okay. So then explain to me again, what you had said that the fear was again, or the or the concern?

[1078:42] sherry james: Well, the concern was, you know, of how to put this together. And how to, you know, take someone from this point, to that point, I mean, to have, you know, besides just telling my story, okay, you know,

[1084:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, so that may be,

[1084:38] sherry james: because I don't want to go out and just scam people or anything like that. I want to have a game plan. I care about people. Yeah.

[1087:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, you won't. So there's a process to this that you can use to walk people through. If you can find somebody who is where you were, a year ago, three years ago, five years ago, 10 years ago, somebody who is where you were, when you decided, okay, something has to change and you started making changes from your experience, you now have a path that you can take them through. The other thing is, you can learn new things by and this is what I encourage a lot of coaches to do is I read and listen to content all the time that might not be relevant to my situation, but it is to my clients. And I'll even like go back to like what you're asking right now, I can even bring this into chat. GPT and I can spend an hour or two dialoguing with chat GPT to figure out a solution to a client's issue or things like that, that they're dealing with. So there's different ways now that we have access to resources to solve problems for people, one of the best is from your own experience, because you have a lot of confidence in what you know. And growing in that confidence starting to believe that you have some great stuff and value to share with people that's one of the first steps instead of just saying this is just my story. Let's not minimize your story start to realize that there is gold in your story that can change somebody's life. So that right there is a belief that will shift things for you. And so there's different there's different nuances of I think that if you got somebody in front of you that identifies with what you can help them with that you'll be able to guide them through this process and a big part of the coaching process is asking the right questions and so there's there's two courses in our members area that break that down we're going to be adding some more as well here towards the end of the year and in the next year that's going to break that down even further on how we can coach really well how we can get better at coaching and things like that. Okay, but yeah, I think Yeah, cuz One part of it is just to realize, I think that take a look at your life up to this moment in time. And I think you got some great lessons to share with people to help save them headaches, struggles and frustrations, to reach certain goals that they have. And then the other part of it is, you're going to be growing yourself. And this is the other thing. Everybody who joins my program says that, that they have grown as a person by being in there. And it's helped them get really clear on how they can help people because they started to embody the transformation that they were able to bring their clients to. And so that's kind of the nuance to that as well. And then if it when it comes to like, Okay, how do we package that? We can help you with that we can help you with how we package it in there. Figuring out what, okay, isn't all that so? Yeah.

[1135:53] sherry james: Yeah, cuz, Jeremy, I do think that, you know, that I do have some I know that sometimes I think, okay, who can I call that's been through this. And I have people that come me, and it's been a I have it's like, I had a bad experience in church. So I, you know, I don't I want I am a Christian. I love God. But at the same time, I don't ever want to be religious. I have people call me all the time. Like, you know, will you pray for me? Were you? What would you do in this situation asking me all kinds of advice. So and you know that I have just lab experiences to share with people and people's watch my walk and everything. And the principles I've laid back. Yeah, I don't want to be I don't want to be religious. You know, I want to share God, but I don't want to be religious with it. You

[1152:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, my mom and I do that really well.

[1152:40] sherry james: And I love it.

[1153:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think part of it is that I can't listen, I struggled with that when I was worried what everybody thought about me. What I've shared with you guys, these five days, I had other Christians that I would teach this to tell me that I was a a wolf in sheep's clothing that was serving the devil of money. And I'm like

[1158:38] sherry james: I've had that said about me. But I just have the Tyndale power. So

[1159:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: if y'all don't know my intentions and all that, so I finally stopped like trying to prove myself I find I find again, I love the church. I love Christians, I go to church. Yeah, yeah, the Christians can be very mean to other Christians. And it's yes, they can. Anything else? Yeah, no. But I think I mean, even just what you're sharing with me, and it's, it's interesting is I think that you have a lot of experience that you do feel confident in, but you might second guess yourself a little bit. That's something which people to do is to trust themselves more. And if I if I say that so often, I think we need to trust ourselves more trust, our discernment. Trust, what we feel is the right thing to do. Trust what we prayed about, and it comes across as that. And listen then also, it's okay to make mistakes, too. It's okay to think okay, this was a great idea. I had that happened in my business, like four months ago, I felt like God was leading me to do something in my business. And I can tell you that journey was helpful, but it was not the best move in my business. And so now I pivoted from what I learned from it, and realize, okay, I'm not concerned with the fact that oh, my gosh, did I hear God's voice wrong? And all this? No, it was actually it helped give me some clarity and, and how I communicate my messaging with people much better. I ended up changing a lot of my messaging with my marketing from saying, coaching and courses to mentors and thought leaders, and it wasn't attracting the people that I really wanted to work with as much. And so I found that Okay, let's go back to the coaches and course creator because I really feel like that's a calling that I have. And I've had great connection with people that want to coach that want to create courses that want to write books that are starting out, they don't know what to teach on. But I tell people this it's okay to do one idea and then to change your mind later, as well, because that's actually part of the process. I found a lot of people they'll stay stuck for years trying to say, okay, which idea should I do? As soon as they pick one they get clarity on was that a good choice? Or should I do a different one, but not picking something as a choice that can put us in this hamster wheel of overwhelm and overthinking and we're not sure if it's the right thing yet. We're not sure if it's the right choice. Just Deciding to do something just to see what happens to experiment. There's a there's a powerful how do we say this? Result? Outcome, it's an investment really into your future. So I look at if I say, Okay, I'm gonna go all in on this idea, and I'm okay, I'm okay with it failing. That's one of the first things we have to take the stance of, we're okay with it failing, for the perspective of either this is going to be successful, or I'm gonna learn from it. And then okay, if it didn't work at something I learned from, we pick ourselves back up learning the art of resilience, learning the art of not getting knocked down when things don't go how we want them to, that's another huge one. Because I see some people I have met some people, they run a campaign for their coaching, didn't get any clients. And then they pause their whole business for like two years. And then they come back and they finally do it again, when they feel confident enough again, and I'm like, I get that that's a very, there's some deeper trauma, I think that's probably going on behind that as well. Nine times out of 10 that I notice. But if we can shorten the amount of time that it takes us to kind of rebound again, we will start to compound. And that's where the stair stepping effect happens. And the snowball effect of the process of building our business and growing. Everybody that I know who's successful has had to go through that. I think it's the it's part of the journey that scares us the most. And yet, it's also the most valuable part of the journey as well. So that's why like I told you yesterday, what might scare you might be what you need to do to take a step forward and reframe it as this is an exciting part of my next season.

[1231:22] sherry james: Yeah, I like that. And you know, as you you've talked, I think that part of it. The thing that scares me is I'm not the most pickiest person, but I've learned, you know, I've been willing to jump in there and learn and try. Yeah, but at the same time, it's like putting this together, I think, you know, putting the package together. I think that's the thing that and getting clarity, I think that would be not.

[1238:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you'll want to put a package together of some kind. And market it to some people and see how they respond to it. Okay, another thing is, is like it's answering this question, if people don't respond, what does that mean about me? Am I afraid of it not working out? Why am I afraid of it not working out? What is really beneath the surface of the fear? And starting to gain some clarity on what's, what's behind the fear? Because here's the thing, when we can start to really identify what's the story that we're telling ourselves behind the fear. We get to change that narrative. And it empowers us to be able to create the life we want. Otherwise, we're just subject to our fear running the ship.

[1250:50] sherry james: You know what I mean? Yeah, and I don't want that I can take

[1251:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: time to do that. But I think I think if you just kind of explore a little bit as far as like, what's behind some of this fear and worry. Really, I want to dis we want to disempower any of the fears that are stopping us from taking action into the next level and doing what we need to. How does that make sense in my life, I'm afraid I get afraid of people getting really negative of me, this was a huge fear I had all year. And I was finally like, gosh, if I'm so afraid of people being negative with me, I'm not going to show up as the person that God's called me to be. So I'm gonna have to grow past this fear. And be okay with even people being that way. And know how to handle it better. So

[1264:12] sherry james: well, I thought this was pretty neat. Yesterday, when I was having the, you know, the spending time with the Lord and doing similar things like what you talked about. And he reminded me of the story of Joseph, and he was just like, This is not your business, because it's mine now work. And to me, because I'm good at working, where other people are helping other people. So he was like, do this. And to me, this is mine. And so and it was like, it just gave me a whole lot of courage.

[1273:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I think a big part of this is even what you just shared, you might learn to empower other women that are feeling fearful, to go out there and build a business unto the Lord and learn how to show them how to get past that season in their life. You know what I mean? Okay? And that's your, sometimes whatever our next law little break through. It's not just for us, but it's for the people that come behind us that we're here. mentoree

[1282:12] sherry james: Okay, well, I definitely, um, I want to work with you, and it will be Monday before I can add sign, but I am going, I'm gonna do this. I don't want you to know, I, I've just really you've done a great job this week. So, yes, I look forward to. And I just, you know, so you will be like Facebook, where we can connect with you. Questions, commenting

[1290:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: back and forth all the time on the Facebook group.

[1290:41] sherry james: Yep. And that will be coaches

[1291:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: in there. There's not other coaches in there that are doing it. So you're interacting with me. And then the other group members that are in there. So a lot of the other group members, they might have good insight for you. If I noticed, another group member might give advice that is not necessarily what I would give, I'll say, hey, that might be good in this context. And I turned it into a great teaching experience for everybody to see, which is good. It's a really it's a it's a much more interactive than community. I think then some of the ones that my mom has built. I've definitely made it a lot more interactive as far as that goes.

[1301:27] sherry james: And Wednesdays, could you say Daimler Benz Zoom meeting? On Wednesdays? Yeah.

[1303:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no, when this Wednesday, there's a fast start Zoom meeting. It's all about like, kind of getting Okay. Initially for our for new people that joined this week. Yeah, it's just this Wednesday.

[1306:21] sherry james: Okay. All right. Okay. Oh, thank you. You've done a great job. Real

[1308:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: quick. Lorraine. Can I jump to Cassandra question? And then I can answer yours real quick. Okay, awesome. Cassandra, what's up? I've seen you got your hand raised.

[1310:16] Speaker 6: Thank you so much. Listen, I had a few questions real quick. You mentioned in the one hour group about a six week question. What about if I started with like four to five weeks? And like mattered? Is that a big deal?

[1315:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it doesn't matter that much. Those are just kind of some numbers that can you can kind of throw out there. I would do at least four weeks. Four weeks, a month long program.

[1318:29] Speaker 6: Training wheels on I feel like the leads they for some reason in my head, where we found better.

[1320:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I remember about 11 years ago, we made close to $1,000,000.03 months with my mom selling she called it it was these 12 week program that she sold for $500 each. And she sold like 1000s of them. And then that turned into her membership program. And so we did the same thing with with Rick Pitino, where he sold 1000s of these like six week programs. That's the same thing that Georgia and man off does, he does six week classes. So they're like you buy it for a six week term for 500 bucks, or you can pay three payments. And that's really profitable. As far as if you have like three or four of those a year, you can make a really good income off of that. Okay,

[1332:40] Speaker 6: that sounds are awesome. The other thing is, do I need to have the whole core all the courses done? Before I start advertising? No, no.

[1336:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I wouldn't recommend having a lot of it done before you mark it, I would recommend coming up with at least at least with your outline, and the topics you're going to teach. But then kind of drip it have a start date for the for the program. And then on the start date, you start delivering one week at a time the sessions. And you go based off of any questions and feedback that come in from the lessons help influence and guide and direct what you're going to be teaching. So it's really the community in the group as a whole is helping guide the training. In our accelerator program. We've actually designed it that way that the questions that come in, help direct the courses that I create, and help direct what we talked about in the group. And so that's why it's to get people results, especially if they're in there for a few months at a time to go through and to start to build with us in there as far as that goes.

[1350:56] Speaker 6: Okay, cool. Cool. So and then the everything I just wanted to mention to you real quick. So you are so prophetic and apostolic. I mean, you were answering so many questions before me before I even asked them. And I just love your compassion, your transparency, and your ability to be vulnerable. I think it's very refreshing. And when you guys were talking about how people you know, say all kinds of crazy things. I remember TD Jakes saying people are crazy. He said you're just gonna have to realize people are crazy. So just be kind.

[1359:36] Speaker 4: Totally Looking forward?

[1361:04] Speaker 6: issues with the scripture that says counted on joy. You know, it's like, oh the world can you count it all joy when you're miserable your backs up against the wall, like really God, like, how do you do that? But now I get it, you know, because you laugh at people when they just act stupid, you know, to keep right?

[1366:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: What for me is just like letting go of needing them to be how I think they should be. Exactly,

[1368:02] Speaker 6: exactly.

[1369:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like that's that one kind of like, burns a little bit because it's like, you know, especially as a coach, like we can see, oh man, if you were just if this was just a little bit different, you would be more successful. But if they're not open to hearing that there's not that relationship and trust built there. Gosh, I there's there's a whole principle about that, like people, people are not they don't care if you got good advice for them unless they actually want the advice.

[1377:57] Speaker 6: And the payment, where do the payments come through when when that's part of that the landing page or something else.

[1380:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the way that we I have it set up is for my accelerator, the payments go through my Thinkific shop where people put in their credit card, and then that goes into stripe. So I have stripe that processes the credit cards, and then they direct deposit to my bank account in stripe. The other cool thing about stripe is if you once you start doing 20 30,000 In sales, they will let you take out a what's called a merchant loan on your sales and they'll front you like a whole month or two of your sales at just like a 10% repayment rate. So I was able to do that a couple of times to either pay off a credit card, when we bought this house, I was able to take out like a $40,000 in that and it doesn't go on your credit. It doesn't go on your credit. And then you just pay it off off of like 10% of the sales that come in. And so I like I already have that one that I didn't July, like half paid off already. And I'm probably gonna take out another one to like pay our taxes for the next two years. So it's like Stripe is really cool because they provide this to you to be able to do that. I'm also exploring as your business starts growing, you can look at the SBA for different loans or different things like that, again, you got to be careful, if you're borrowing and leveraging stuff like that you got it, you want to be really good with debt and things like that. But you can grow your business once it's successful, by leveraging certain debt instruments to be even more successful and to grow things. And so those are some things that we talked about as well on the program for people that are, you wouldn't really want to do that until you're making like consistent 20 to 40k a month minimum. But once you hit that level, you can really compound it even faster. By okay, if I know if I just ramp up my ads, I can now go borrow a little bit of that to ramp the ads up. And and it's less of a risk to me because I know what's on the back end of it.

[1411:06] Speaker 6: Okay, cool. One more thing. I guess we'll get this in the basics. But I do have a few more questions about the ads. You focus on the demographics, I would probably try to be getting people like me or someone similar to me. So I would put all that in like, well, I know there's an age range, not just a particular range. But so the kind of work and all of those criterias. The beginning basic will cover our back.

[1420:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so a lot of that goes into your sales copy. Oh, okay. Yeah, because the algorithm determines who they show the ads to based off of the sales copy now. And I have a whole training that I did. I did it like two weeks ago about growing your coaching business with Facebook ads that lead people to join this five day. But I talked about that they changed all of that with a lot of their targeting with Facebook ads, the targeting is actually based off your sales copy now, more than anything else.

[1428:22] Speaker 6: Okay. Thank you. No.

[1429:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Right. Awesome. Okay, let's see Lorraine. And then Sherry has one other question. And then we're gonna go from here. Okay. So, Lorraine, quick question you had about otter what's going on? Yes.

[1432:46] Laurine: How was your date last night? How was your concert? Oh, my

[1433:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: goodness. Amazing. It was it was awesome. I posted a little bit of it on my social media here. Oh, fun. So yeah, it was good. It was really fun. We had a great time. Um, gosh, we were we were out. We hadn't been out that late in a long time. So But it was it was great. It was at the it was at the basketball arena and Austin downtown right next to the Longhorns football stadium. So it was on the campus of University of Texas, where we were at, which is really nice down there, like 11 o'clock at night down there, it felt super safe. And like, I was surprised, because downtown Austin at 12 o'clock at night isn't like that. But at some of the venues it was. It was great. So, yeah. Anyways, um, okay, the question. Yeah. All right.

[1450:19] Laurine: How do you save the transcript? I know Judy didn't know, she was messaging me. Somebody else had said, you know, how do you do that? We don't, it's so basic. But we don't know how to do it. I had saved yesterday's,

[1453:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I don't even know how to do it.

[1454:25] Laurine: It said, export, I figured it out. But it took me several minutes yesterday to do that. And then I couldn't listen, because I was trying to do it. And I spent 15 minutes trying to figure it out, and then can't listen to what you're saying. I gotcha.

[1458:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You know, it's funny, I've never had anybody really want access to those otter things and asked me for them before. This is like the first time that that's happened. So I haven't really explored like, necessarily how people access those as much because I'm more use them internally for like my own stuff. But I think yeah, if you're in there, and you do have access to it, you can save it by clicking these dots right here and go into export. Or you can share it with yourself right here. It looks like it's shared with a few people right here as collaborators. So I

[1470:07] Laurine: don't have share on mine. I don't have that same thing that you see.

[1471:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's probably because I'm the main account, and you're just the one that accessed it to look at it. So yeah, there's no share. There's

[1473:39] Laurine: no three buttons. I don't know.

[1475:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: How to. And then

[1475:29] Laurine: if you don't do it, I think while you're live, then you lose it.

[1477:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, that part of it. I I've never had anybody actually asked me for I'll look into that though. I wish I could answer this for you. But I don't. I don't necessarily

[1480:54] Laurine: dumps Jeremiah.

[1482:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a lot of things that can stop me for sure. So it's funny, I'm only good at the stuff that I do most often. Most of the time. So um, okay, then he said about fear. Did you have somebody? Yeah. So they actually came on the Zoom call like this, in my five day intensive. And gosh, it might have just been really triggering to me. But she said, I don't understand how you feel like you can just get off selling a $2,000 program when people are struggling to pay their bills. And she's like, I don't know who you think you are. But I couldn't do that. And I couldn't sleep at night. And I just had to say, well, here's the thing, I just I agree to disagree with that. And I had to just like move on. I've actually asked Chad GPT a little bit like how do you handle that when somebody gets nasty, especially on a live call, one of the can say, hey, here's the thing for this setting. I'd love to maybe discuss that with you another time. If you write me an email, we could talk about that. And kind of deflect a little bit away from it. Because you don't really need to dive in. If it's on a group setting like this on Zoom and somebody's acting that way. Another thing that I had somebody do is after a session that more happens like that it's after the session, and then they messaged me. And I had a lady say Jeremiah, you know what you're teaching about how to find the right customer. You should be put in jail for because in Canada, it's considered a hate crime. And she said that what I was doing was judging people as not good enough for my program, and that I could get thrown in jail for that. And I told her I'm not quite sure if that's I said every company in the world does that to find who their best clients are in customers. But she was convinced that she had just like, caught me doing something nefarious. And basically I had to block her on social media because she wanted me to admit to wrongdoing and an intention to hurt people. And I was just like, I'm not going to engage with this conversation. And then when I said that, she was like, see, see I caught you and I was like that's just yuck. He, I don't I don't engage with that. But I have people that do that they get yucky like that. Um I heard mostly like on my ads, I had a guy the other last week, he was like, Jeremiah, you took one book from Russell Brunson. And now you're pretending like you have anything of value to share with people stop lying to yourself and others. And I'm like, you know, this isn't even a conversation I'm gonna get into with you to prove that that's not true. Because you haven't looked at me. You don't know, my track record, you don't know me. It used to really bother me when people would do that. And I think it bothered me, it was very interesting. And it has to go back to like childhood stuff is why it bothered me the most, is that I as I growing up, I was always taught that, like, I needed to maintain a positive perception of me and our family and things like that. And it's funny now it's like, that's simply not the case. I don't really worry about that as much. But yeah, people are people can be mean, people will say stuff. Um, and I just had to learn to kind of let it go. Was this my favorite? And then I'll talk.

[1541:32] Laurine: Oh, yeah. What did you say her face to face? And somebody does that to you? You give them the crazy look. That's what Hans told. Tada.

[1543:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's true. I remember that. Yeah. So

[1544:07] Laurine: you just look at them head to toe. Like they said, you know, like they've got frogs coming out of there.

[1545:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do remember that. That is actually a good approach.

[1546:17] Laurine: And then you walk away. But how do you do that?

[1547:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Walk away on Zoom. That's the thing. Yeah, you can't really walk away on Zoom. And so you can

[1548:38] Laurine: say is because I learned how to do it. Not face to face. I'm sorry that you feel that way. Yeah, and then have a nice day, or you give them a blessing because it's a boomerang and it goes back to them?

[1552:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, sometimes I'll say I disagree, or it just all depends. All one thing that I have found is, if somebody gets really aggressive about something, and like, they really want me to, like agree with them, I have found that this actually helps. Because I listen to this. We all have different backgrounds. So here's the thing. You might have been trained in that way of doing things because of the industry that maybe you come from, and I would bet it probably applies to your background. In this industry, things work a little bit differently. And so and that's something that I have shared with people, as sometimes does, or they're coming from another industry. I mean, the, one of the hardest ones that like if somebody comes from from being an accountant, to learning how to coach, it's a very different type of way of dealing with people I found. So but yeah, these are all great strategies. I think I love what you had what you had shared. So that's good. It's awesome. All right. Sherry, last question here from Sherry, how are you?

[1570:51] sherry james: Okay, Jeremy, someone like me getting started? How long do you think it takes? If, if they were and do what you, you know, teach, to start making some income with it?

[1574:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: For you, where you're at? Yes, door to end, very quickly, would probably still take about maybe two to three months. Okay. Um, possibly six to nine. If you take a lot longer to do things, again, could take you five years if you don't do anything, but that's goes

[1582:05] sherry james: for that two to three, Matt.

[1582:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: The same time I've seen people be very successful in 30 days.

[1584:06] sherry james: Okay, but

[1584:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find that those ones that are more successful in 30 days they and here's, here's a great it's a great motivator to really move past some of our fears is the less fear that somebody deals going into it, the quicker I usually see the results come for them. And so addressing those fears that we have, and learning to kind of realize, hey, I'm more powerful than anything that I feel that's going on around me, especially when it comes to this business. It'll, it'll, it'll accelerate the journey. Because oftentimes with sort of, like, our fear works, it kind of bogs us down, it's like slogging through, like, yeah, a little bit to do stuff. Whereas when the fear goes away, or at least we know how to handle it, and we know how to kind of put the fear in a box, because honestly, that's the thing fear. If we're waiting for the fear to go away, we might be waiting our whole life. Oh really, it's not necessarily the fear goes away, but the we know how to kind of move it aside. And then that accelerates us to make our decisions quicker to start to see results. So again, the fear might not go away. And that's okay. But we learn how to even handle it and work with it better. My mom is a great example of this.

[1606:31] sherry james: I know she is a great woman. I love her.

[1607:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, and it's because she doesn't pretend like she's got it all together. And I can look back at like the last 30 years of her journey as a business owner, she had so much fear so much worry the whole time, but was able to be fearless in the face of her fear throughout that, and it wasn't until the last couple of years when she started working with her therapist, Dr. Mikayla that she said that she truly now feels like some of those fears are non existent for her. So again, that is one of the other things is kind of working through with with somebody that's trained in therapy, which is a little bit different than coaching, it's a different modality, to work through that with you. And that's what I have found has helped me the most become a lot more confident and fearless is finding, Okay, where did that fear come from? Gosh, 90% of my fears just came from wanting to please my mom, my whole life, wanting to make her happy. And realizing a I don't need to make my mom happy in order to have a great life anymore. And also, my mom thinks I'm amazing, just as I am, even if we disagree on things. So that which is such a powerful relationship that her and I have now, you know, I mean, we agree on most most stuff, but I mean, there's some stuff that it's just like, hey, you know, I'd do something a little bit differently than you do things like that. And what we'd like we honor each other in that instead of needing to debate and convince the other person that they're wrong. Gosh, growing up our household was like one big debate constantly debating inside the household. I mean, it was like, it was very interesting. And it taught me like, that's how we interact with people. And I've had to learn to kind of even like, rewire that a little bit. So.

[1637:34] sherry james: Okay, okay. And this is you, you might want to choke me when I asked you this. Okay, so I didn't get I mean, you're going What? Is she crazy? That I didn't get the advertisement of your mom, you know, with the the sale that's going on? And so she did that thing for 600 for a year? Would it be crazy to try to do two things at one time. So

[1645:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: her program that she has with the stocks group? Oh, there's a lot of people that we do have in my accelerator that are also in that because they're able to get the wealth mindset stuff, and that she teaches on that side. And when you can take the money that you're making with courses and coaching, that will increase your income that then you could invest into stocks. I do find that both have some synergy with each other. I wouldn't recommend with other coaches. But because my mom and I come from basically the same foundation. They can work together and you could you can definitely do both pretty well. I know a lot of people okay, I wanted a lot of benefit from kind of doing goals,

[1658:20] sherry james: isn't it? Yeah, that's what I was feeling. But you know how some people go, I don't want to get into that jump from one thing to another, you know, I'm not that type of person. Very, you know, I stick to something. I'm a finisher, but at the same time, I you know, I was like, oh my goodness, this would be so good. And now did she say like 600 for a year?

[1665:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is exactly for the year for her program. Yeah.

[1667:13] sherry james: Yes. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm considering doing that very soon. I mean, I'm so diffuse. So, yeah. Because that's Friday.

[1670:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I unfortunately do not have any sales like that on my coaching. The price that we have today is the cheapest that my coaching is is ever going to be.

[1673:12] sherry james: Well, this is I mean, what you offered us to be able to do it monthly. I think that's wonderful. And then possibly could did the other two. Yeah. But thank you. Thank you. I'm so glad you had a great date night last night.

[1678:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, it was it was great. It was awesome. We came home and Halston of Gosh, was the first time I think he's been up till midnight in his whole little life. So he was up with his auntie. And he immediately he had a bottle and he was asleep. Like, ah, it was cute, which is good. So anyways, this has been awesome. I've enjoyed this time right here. Listen, like we mentioned, enrollment closes on Tuesday, November 21. And we will be doing two more Q and A's that are gonna be open for everybody. So whether you're VIP or not, we'll send you those emails. They're gonna be on zoom just like this. We're doing one tomorrow at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central. So the time that the normal session is we'll do another q&a tomorrow. And then we're going to be doing one on Tuesday as well. So another q&a On Tuesday, same time. So you'll get an email with all of that sent over to you. And you guys are the best. I had a great time. This is a fun five day. This is probably my favorite five day that I've ever done. And I'm not just saying that. Because the last two that I've done, we're almost there. I think this one was probably the best group I've ever had. So and I'm excited for those y'all that we're going to work with together in the accelerator. I've seen a bunch of y'all have already jumped in. So I'll see you guys on our call. See you on the next session. And we'll talk soon have a good one.

