2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-05-13T17:42:33.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: P5_s3sb6QZCgikuo8GYTJ9ZypXU
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[7:09] Speaker 0: check this out right here?

[33:30] Speaker 0: All righty

[36:33] Speaker 0: Welcome Welcome, welcome

[37:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: to the bonus q&a here.

[39:14] Speaker 0: How are you doing today?

[40:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Listen, if you got any questions, you can type them in the chat, you can raise your hand. And this is an open open floor to help you you know we just got done with our five day intensive we talked about how to launch and scale your six figure group coaching offer that was amazing, a lot of great feedback from that from people. We've already had quite a few people jump into our group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, the doors to that are open until Tuesday, May 16. So listen, if you have any questions, can't find that email prompts and the worksheet. Okay,

[54:12] Speaker 1: well, there's a couple of email prompts. Again, there's not an email sequence prompt I don't. You've asked me a couple of times Dr. Pamela about an email sequence prompt I have, I have no training or teaching on email sequence prompts. So the sequence is that you're that you're, I have a training in our client or the accelerator about it. But critical sequence wise, it's how you communicate with people. I don't have a prompt for that. So if you're looking for something

[63:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that term, I don't there's not one that exists. But there's a number of different prompts as far as what can help you actually write emails that are in there.

[66:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, I'm an email marketer sell services to clients, I lost a big client looking for an opportunity to make a legacy. I made some courses and products along the way, but I've never gone as far as selling them

[70:32] Speaker 0: because of the workload.

[71:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I actually plan to make a membership. Yeah. Awesome. Cool. couple, a couple of other coaches suggested the ads for coaches would be well yeah, they're very, they're if you don't know how you're doing it, how to do it, right. They're very expensive. That's what we went over during the five days is how to really create an offer that brings that cost way down. So what makes the ads expensive is when the offer is misaligned with what the algorithm is going to show to people when running the ads. And so now, the algorithms on social media are very much, you know, how chat CPT works, how it generates texts, and all of that. The algorithms that show your ads now are based off of the text that's in your ad and the text that's on your landing page. And they decide who to show your offer to. And so I definitely think, though, I mean, as you can see, I have a number, what you actually help people do is an area that I don't particularly help people do, as far as like email sequence and stuff. So there's definitely a need for it in the marketplace. As far as that goes. I'm more the kind of put people into a bucket and I broadcast out to my list every once a day. And that's worked for us just fine. We've scaled a couple of coaching businesses to 10s of millions of dollars doing it that way. But I know other other businesses, they're looking for other routes for that. So I think that there's a market for what you're doing. You're just you want to create an offer that is specifically aligned with what the end outcome that people who apply what you teach can get out of it. Did you go through the five days with us? James, did you check out all five days? Okay, awesome. So, so going through that, it all starts with let's put together that offer copy, let's, let's create a couple of ads to put out and test. And here's what I would do is I think you, you have more than enough content around that topic that you could do an hour hour and a half long presentation where you basically sell people on the value of what that is, there's actually a prompt as well. Here's what I want to do. I want to take what you just typed here, this is going to be very kind of something really cool. I just had an idea of I'm going to show you something really fun that you can do for coming up with ideas for for webinars. So let me go let's open up chat GBT. Let's open up the chat GPT prompts. By the way, if you're looking for anything related to email, you can notice there's categories here. So we do have a couple of them that are you know, writing emails, improving attacks, this is more follow up email. This one helps us write some of our promotion emails. I use this one all the time for writing my mom's promotion emails. So Pamela, you can use this just to kind of tell it, how to craft an email. One of the methods that I use though, and I showed this during the training that you can use Pamela for emails is take a look at who other emails that are in your inbox. And you can have chat GPT recraft, the email about your topic based on emails that you like. So getting on a bunch of other people's email lists, and having a swipe file is helpful. Okay, so James, what I wanted to show you is this perfect webinar prompt right here. Based upon Russell Brunson is perfect webinar script. And the idea is you want to have at least three, three main beliefs that your customer has that you want to reframe. And this can come up with a lot of ideas for you any topic for for a live webinar, let's just stop this right here. And then what I'm gonna do is, it's going to outline for you what you could create a webinar on and what those beliefs are. Okay, because it already understands what Russell Brunson is framework is. So in targeting coaches and courseware his belief in the vehicle of email marketing, that it will significantly improve their business believe that they can successfully use email marketing, and then belief in your solution itself, and that you'll be able to guide them on that journey. Do you want to reframe that email marketing is not dead? That is just evolving? Isn't this cool? Like Jack GBT can actually give you a groundwork for what to talk about in your presentation. Reframing the internal belief that they can't do it that you can master it that it's very simple. A lot of people think email is very complicated. And so you could build a whole webinar just based off of these three secrets right here, about email marketing is not dead, you can get good at it. And with the right guidance, you can fast track your success, and then build that and then make your offer stack and that becomes that becomes your webinar. And you could do that as a as a one day offer or three days, something like that. But that would be a great way to just test out and get the feedback loop going for you. And all of you that are on here to that perfect webinar prompt is a really cool one to start out with just to come up with ideas for what to for what to say in your webinar. This little piece right here, we didn't really talk as much about this. I talked a little more surface level during the event on the presentation, but this is kind of an unlock for you, if you're like I don't know what to talk about in my webinar is just just as chat CBT based off of Russell Brunson has perfect webinar, what are those three main beliefs to reframe? And then you can build a whole talk a whole, a whole intensive off of what it outputs right there, which is, which is really cool. We did that. I did that for one of my trainings that I did a month ago, because it was on a new topic that I hadn't done before. And so I use this prompt to help me with that, and helped us close sales. So all right, um, let's see, Diana.

[170:42] Speaker 2: Hello. I, this may sound like a silly question. Well, I'm here to support you, the people that we get the money from, you know, that pay the $23 and stuff like that. How do we? Is there an something that we set up to receive the money? How, how does that work, because I know, we didn't cover anything like that on how we received the money from everyone. And I wasn't sure

[179:33] Speaker 1: I went over it quickly. But I didn't cover it in depth. And so pretty much every system now, today uses it uses stripe. So stripe, then integrates you got to create a Stripe account, they've opened the doors now, which is cool. You don't need an LLC or an S corp to create a Stripe account, which is awesome. So any individual now can create one just like a Pay Pal, as far as I understand, you just need to use your social security number. Because they will after you after you have over $600 in transactions, they gotta send you a 10 99k If you're in the United States. But so stripe is what connects with most of these different platforms. I think if ik.com is the platform that we like to use, to actually house our memberships, and our our trainings, they have their own payment processing as well. But they also integrate with stripe, so we use them to actually take our payments. So when you go go over here to my site, this is actually Squarespace. Squarespace also takes payments through stripe, and PayPal, I would not recommend using PayPal. And I'll just give you the reason why. As Pay Pal will always side with the customer on a chargeback, no matter how illegitimate it is. And so I've had more, I've had more often than not where people have just used PayPal, just because they know that they can essentially steal our products from us by by

[204:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: even up to like 120 Days Later asking for their money back. And yeah, they'll always side with the consumer. So we just don't take PayPal anymore. So when you join our program right here, like this is on Squarespace. So this is over here. But then this links over to let me open this in a in actually, this window should work. Now this links over to where it'll actually take the payment with the credit card. And this is in Thinkific right here. So then once that goes through, I'm actually drew this out for a lesson that was part of because we're teaching all about doing recurring memberships and stuff in our program right now. So what it is, is the Thinkific platform, it takes the payment, and then manages the users account and their access to your content, okay? And so, Stripe will, if it's a recurring, if it's a recurring offer will then continue to take the payment right there. Okay, and then it will manage the user itself. And then what content they get access to as well as you can set up some auto responder emails that invite people to join a facebook group with you or a platform. And so again, we go over a lot of that in the accelerator, setting a lot of that up. But a lot of those trainings as well. You can just think if ik.com has an extensive library of support documents on how to use their platform. Now there's a number of other platforms you could use. You could use Kajabi teachable hoodia grew funnels, click funnels, all of those, they all essentially do the same thing and operate the same way where they take payment. It's connected to some kind of a user information on a database. And that all happens behind the scenes you don't need to worry about it. And then they just give you the info that you can either stop payment, all of that that's where your customer service side comes in to where okay, if somebody's card is declined, what do you do their their card is declined. It automatically revokes their access, if it's a membership or something like

[238:56] Speaker 2: that, so Okay, good. Thank you.

[239:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. It's actually a lot simpler than it ever used to be. And we used to, you know, years ago, it was like the most complicated thing in the world to figure this part of it out. Now, it's sort of an afterthought. Because these platforms just make it there's just point and click your setup and five minutes, and it's working. And so it's very easy to get set up once you start using the some of the software that we recommend that you use. Otherwise, you would have to spend months coding and developing software that does all of this, we used to have to do that I, I remember, I had custom coded a whole system that did this for my mom's business back in the day, it was a headache. And I'm not a software developer. It's not even in my like, personality or strengths, but I like hacked my way through it.

[255:42] Speaker 2: I just have one more quick question. Will we the videos that we had and that we've done this past week? Will I be able to go back and replay those again? For how long?

[259:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you were if you were a VIP, so yeah, you got lifetime access to those videos.

[260:52] Speaker 2: Okay, for those that need to keep going back. Yeah, remember everything.

[263:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then again, you know, we invite you to just take stuff further by joining the accelerator and working with us and in there to help put the pieces together for you as you start building your business. So, okay, thank you. All righty. Um, let's see. Michelle, you have your hand raised, and then you.

[268:51] Speaker 3: Hi, did I had to disconnect and come back? Oh, you're good. All right, thanks. How you doing?

[271:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing good. Oh, somebody asked, there's some free CRM programs ever received positive reviews, you know, when it comes to CRM, what software to use, I will find that the cheaper they are usually the harder to use, they are for users, but I always say use what works best for you. Nowadays, they all essentially do the same thing. And so if you like a program that's free or cheaper, go ahead and use that. I will say a lot of times with those, though, you kind of do get what you pay for. And so I like to at least make somewhat of an investment. Part of the issue of the free program is your email deliverability might be a little bit lower than, say, a software like a MailChimp or something like that. So all right, Michelle.

[283:33] Speaker 3: Okay. So I have two questions. One is regarding terminology for like, if I want to market to like a Christian market, would I say, Christian? Or would I say faith based what seems to work best for that and then work with?

[288:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, I think Christian would actually probably be better because faith base could be any faith. Right? So, but if you want to include, I mean, for me, I don't. I am openly a Christian, but I don't really make it. We're not like segmented out where we only work with Christians. We have a ton of people that have all different beliefs in our programs, though,

[295:22] Speaker 3: right? And I'm the same way. Yeah, it just really depends on the client. So and you were saying, like, is it better to target to that to kind of narrow the audience? What is your

[298:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: easier it is, it is easier, like if I wanted to make my business easier to get some quick cash, yes. But in the long run, in my experience, it becomes a little bit harder. I'm a bit jaded in that market, myself, just because when my mom first started building her business, she focused mostly on that market. And just, it's not what'll end up happening is as the more success you have that market starts to get really judgmental.

[309:24] Speaker 3: Yeah, that's your mom, you haven't fallen? Yeah, I saw that. And so,

[310:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, but at this by the same token, like, if here's what I say is if you want to stay in that market, like that's your thing, and you know, like, I'm not gonna go outside of the Christian market for the next 10 to 20 years, then go all in at that direction, because I have a number of clients like they just they do not feel called anywhere outside of that group of people but to help serve that are faith based Christian believers. If you feel called to help a wider audience of people that I wouldn't pigeonhole yourself into just doing faith based Overall, but for your first couple of offers, it's not going to hurt you either. At more matters like year two, three, and four. If you start because you end up then start people start identifying you by what you do and who you help. And so for the longest time, I was the Facebook ads guide, the retargeting guy, the video editor guy. And it took me a while to sort of rebrand how people saw me. Or for the longest time, I was just Sandy's son, and I'm, while I'm still Sandy's son, it's like, I'm establishing my brand that stands alone, not just I, you know, my value is only tied to because I was connected with her, that type of thing. So that's something to consider as well is that, that if you do market in one niche for a long time, you'll end up getting kind of known for that. And you can always pivot like Rick Pino. He's, he's pivoting to business. And he's been in the worship and music segment for 2526 years, probably 27 years now. And so his challenge is pivoting over to business and letting people know, okay, now he's a business guy. And that's the next season of his journey as business. And the people who've been with him for the longest time love it. But he's also gotten a lot of backlash for it, too.

[343:00] Speaker 3: So and that's real, thank you for saying that. Because that's really the way I've been, you know, I've been in the clinical area. And I really feel like pivot, like I'm pivoting to that area. Also, usually I work with women, but I do have male clients, is it better as far as like you're talking about to get quick business to target only to women to narrow that, who I'm looking for. Yeah, if

[348:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: you if you work mostly with women, I'll say the female audience is, is also going to be easier to target as a client goes, I've found frequently that if you get really good at your sales pitch, it's it's equal. But in the beginning, it's a little bit harder. I find just I think I think men are more skeptical about coaching, overall,

[357:03] Speaker 3: but they're probably

[357:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and therapy, but then when you get really good at actually selling, it becomes a non issue. But in the beginning, it can be a little bit and so if you find a you're more comfortable with the with the female market, you're more comfortable with the faith based female market, I would focus on that to get your feet wet. And and then start to expand from there. I think that that sounds right for you. As far as that goes. Again, it'll actually be a lot easier for you to close sales by focusing in on on the group that you feel the most comfortable with. And then expanding from there. This is something that I'm finding myself, I'm even pivoting now, this month, I segmented out for the last six months. You know, I said anybody who's like a perfectionist, I don't really want to work with you, I'm gonna probably open that that back up, because I've processed through a lot of what I really meant by that. And now honestly, I know a lot of great coaches, they are perfectionist, and I'm okay with that, just know that I'm not one and I'm a recovering perfectionist. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna teach you from from that perspective, but I don't need to segment out that group of people. But for me to get clear on my message I had to for about six months. And I just had to choose like to be very careful with that. How do we do that? In the copy at the top of the page, I said, this is specifically for this group of people. So you would put this is for faith based Christian women who want to and so if you're not in that segment, this is probably not for you. And I will put that right at the very top of your landing page.

[383:00] Speaker 3: Thank you. And also as you were talking, I'm more of an analytical female, which I don't know how many of us there are and I'm kind of pretty rare personality type my mom is Yeah, and that's why I gel with your mom. Yeah, because I don't misunderstand or

[386:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom's analytical that has learned the other side of

[387:58] Speaker 3: that's what I'm doing. Exactly. Yeah. And when I started I did not like to work with women. I did not like women. I did go clients all day long. And now I'm going to flip the other side so when I do my copy on that is there a way to do that? Or am I just going to draw the right people by the words in my copy

[393:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's in the words in your copy but that's where a chat GPT you can have it write out some of the words and the copy and all of that and then and then if you don't like how the angle is you can what I like because I literally you can correct it like it's a person and say okay, this copy isn't quite working for me you can you adjust it towards this angle and talk a little bit less about this right here and it will live literally, like as if you're talking to a person be able to adjust it that way. So a big part of writing the copy, which at GPT is I, I, I speak to chat GPT more like it is a human and less like it's a robot. And it gets better results.

[404:54] Speaker 3: Wow. Thank you. Yeah, that makes sense. Because I was getting a lot of general information. We weren't going deep. And then when I kind of re listened to some of the things you said and said, Okay, this is where I forgot, because I forgot it from the first GBT training, and then I had to go back around. So thank you so much.

[409:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, it takes a little bit. And I've been I've been using the GPT tools for over two years. So because they, they were available through Jasper AI, and so I was using them that long. And so I totally, there is a bit of a learning curve with it. The best advice I can give you is don't treat it like it's a computer treat it like you're, you're actually talking to another person.

[415:06] Speaker 3: Yeah, thank you so much, Jeremiah. All this training is so helpful.

[416:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. David, David Boykin, he asked two questions that I love these questions, because this is a very common question that we get, but is there a way to target members and other people's Facebook groups. So there is and there isn't, you can't just target inside the Facebook group, the only way you can do it is if you use your public page itself. And the group has to allow public pages in there. Not a lot of groups allow public pages anymore for this reason. And then what you can do is any posts that you make in that group from that public page, or any video, you post in that group, you can retarget anybody from that Facebook group who engaged with your public pages, videos, or posts that were in that group. But outside of that there is no way of kind of targeting that Facebook kind of treats those groups like a, like a private thing. What you can target is who engages with your ads. So if you target an ad out to a certain group of people, we like to make a segment of who has watched 75% of the video ads, who's engaged with that, and then build look alike audiences off of that to get people to add to our email list, is there any content in the accelerator on organic, and are paid content marketing for YouTube, so there's not a whole lot on organic or paid for YouTube, because we've focused mostly on Facebook and Instagram for those type of ads. And that's where I've had the most results. If we're talking about organic content, I do cover a little bit on organic content and the friendly follow up course. And we have a social media content marketing course. But I haven't done a whole lot when it comes to YouTube. My strategy for YouTube has more sort of been a way of nurturing the people who are already on my email list, versus trying to use it as a marketing tool to find people that I haven't met yet. And so and in the in the coaching businesses that we built, none of them actually used YouTube. So again, I know that there's a lot of opportunity there. Probably the king of YouTube marketing is going to be our Rick Elric hack is his name. And he focuses on his site is ads outreach. So he's another coach. And his whole strategy is YouTube based. So if you're looking for like a YouTube ads framework, he's he's your guy over here over ad outreach.com. I've never worked with him. But I have just heard really good things about his training.

[460:35] Speaker 1: At some point, I need to go through his training and start adding YouTube in there. But we've had a lot of success by not not really focusing on that side of things, and focusing more on the paid ads through Facebook and Instagram. And so I'm going to keep doing what what's been working for us mainly. All right, James says I've been stuck two years because of perfectionism. It is it makes you never feel ready to launch. And you're always kind of defensive, and trying to prove that you're doing everything right. And it's just the energy that comes across from perfectionism. It seems like it would help you. Like it seems like it's a cousin of a spirit of excellence, but it's not. It's perfectionism is more of this unreasonable standard of like, everything's got to be perfect. And I'll tell you that.

[473:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, we sent an email out this morning that was at the wrong time. Some of you might have gotten it, it said that it was starting in an hour. And that went out at seven in the morning. And I was like, Oh, crap, you know, this is this sucks. But like, I we had scheduled that email at 11 o'clock at night. And so yeah, that was a mistake that I had made. But I sent a correction out 30 minutes before I can either beat myself up, be angry with myself that I made a mistake,

[481:58] Speaker 1: or move on and keep keep focusing on what's ahead of me and what's forward. And I found that self compassion. And, you know, not not getting angry at ourselves or self punishing ourselves is really a catalyst for success in business more than, you know you did this wrong. And so you need to do this right type of a thing type of energy, you'll find that from from us, that's kind of the culture of our, our accelerator is like, Okay, if you make a mistake, obviously learn from it. But we don't need to ruminate and beat ourselves up over the mistake that we made that doesn't do anyone any benefit. That's more learned behavior that I learned growing up that just, and a lot of people will learn that growing up, but it's it doesn't serve us for our goals. Michelle says, will we be able to utilize the existing groups for some questions? Yeah, you can post in some of those for some questions. You can always post on my YouTube content, you can post on organically to ask questions.

[498:24] Speaker 0: Definitely. All right. Dr. Pamela.

[501:24] Speaker 0: Hi, thank you for the challenge. And thank you for today's session. Yeah, I wanted to ask you, if you would look again, at my landing page. I want to know if you think I put too many things on there. Because I didn't want to confuse people. I thought it might be confusing for some, if I told him about all the things that happens when driving. So um,

[511:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: it, it looks like the page is the same as the one I saw yesterday. Is there another link?

[513:04] Speaker 0: Now that that page is different, I took out the hidden benefits of sleep, and I put in more specifics like you suggested, and then at the bottom, where you highlighting, put in what Thrive means. So I did change the wording in a couple section, I changed that headline to how sleep changed, I changed quite a bit of it to act edits, I didn't create a whole new page, I just looked at some of the things that you have recommended.

[523:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's missing from here is kind of a way of really connecting with the person who is going to benefit from this. And so I'm just gonna kind of take this through. What I do for like, whenever we write a sales letter is just by the way, they upgraded chat GPT GPT, four is a lot faster. This morning, it seems than it was yesterday. There's a new update right here, the May 12 version seems a lot faster like they, they opened up the algorithm a little bit. So that's kind of cool. difficulty sleeping, falling asleep, starting with chronic health, skepticism over effectiveness. They're more inclined to traditional medicine. Okay, so what we do is I use these prompts. And then we read we read we it's generating information that then the AI can use to create slightly better copy. And then we'll combine that with what you have there. Over here. This is still missing the mark. So what we're trying to go after. But I think we can get a lot closer here by just doing this exercise. So I'm gonna let it process through this. I always I always like to kind of generate all of the output on here

[548:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: achieving restful, high quality sleep, that's not technically the dream outcome. That's why we want to use this outcome generator.

[551:13] Speaker 0: See what this generates.

[553:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: After years of dealing with these health issues, she was always struggling to do her daily tasks. So that's the problem. That's really the problem that we're dealing with somebody who's struggling to even do their daily tasks. They feel weary and discomforted

[557:01] Speaker 0: and

[557:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're, they're struggling, like it has tangible negative effects on their life.

[560:26] Speaker 0: So this could be like, started working out again, started feeling healthier and stronger.

[563:24] Speaker 1: So we wrote here you wrote here, more energy, stamina, physical vitality. But like, when somebody has that, what does that tangibly look like? That can look like them going after their dreams, they finally go on an overdue long family vacation, they are not so dependent on medications, they are able to regain more strength and health to go do things that they haven't done in years. So getting a little bit more specific as to like, what that looks like, is helpful.

[573:35] Speaker 0: And then

[574:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's just see what this generates here. Are you tired of constantly feeling drained dealing with health issues and watching your life slip by. And so if this, you know, if this isn't you that you've dealt with it, just say we've I've helped many clients like yourself who struggle with inflammation, type two diabetes, and unending fatigue, and it felt like they were living in a fog and struggling just to get by. But there was one factor at play, and that was their sleep. So that says how I would edit this plays a huge role on your health and it affects your energy levels, I want to invite you to this training, from sick to thriving the powerful effects of sleep on inflammation and blood sugar. To show you how to harness the power of your sleep Imagine waking up feeling refreshed your body buzzing with energy, naturally, without caffeine, you can put that there and your health issues under control, or you can finally go do the things that you would love to do. So adding that into there would be helpful. And so taking some of this text right here what I would then do is I would say take the take the following text and combine it with the original sales letter

[594:26] Speaker 0: fine with this original for a final new version

[596:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we'll take this right here. And and and this is going to be closer to what I would put on that page. Are you tired of feeling drained all the time do you struggle with with health issues that seem to be ruling your life our sleep or rather, the lack of it plays a massive role in our health affects everything from energy levels to inflammation to blood sugar regulation. I want to share with you this life changing knowledge. So I would I would rewrite this a little more from the perspective. See, rewrite the above from the perspective of the dream outcome that someone can receive and expect from going through this webinar and instead of focusing on I myself struggled with these health issues. I'm about helping over 7000 clients

[613:22] Speaker 0: over the years solve these problems

[617:01] Speaker 0: now it's got to think a little bit more it's stuck. One of the two.

[619:13] Speaker 1: Imagine you wake up feeling refreshed, brimming with energy ready to take on the day your chronic health issues. They're finally under control sounds like a dream, right? But what if I told you it's a reality. Over the years we've helped more than 7000 clients transform their lives. It all starts with understanding one crucial aspect sleep. Sleep when overlooked plays a pivotal role in our health, intricately linked to everything from our energy levels of inflammation, we witness firsthand the remarkable changes that have happened. And now I want to share this knowledge with you we put together a free wellness webinar called from sick to thriving. This exclusive webinars your opportunity to discover the astonishing connection between these you'll gain valuable insight from Dr. Hamilton Stubbs, a leading sleep expert and medical researcher who has been instrumental in the transformation of 1000s of lives with the right tools. You can wake up each day feeling energized with your health issues managed. So you're ready to seize the opportunity and transform from merely surviving to thriving so this this copy right here

[636:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what I would use on your landing page. Because that's a much more it's it's unpacking a story of the possibilities for them. Versus just hey, this is some information we're going to give you But can you put it in the chat for me? Yeah, I just did. So what do you see the difference between that type of language versus what's here? Yeah, I do, and then how that it's saying the same thing. But it's connecting better with where people are at on their journey.

[644:33] Speaker 0: Yeah, I see now, thanks for giving me a better understanding of what you were sharing with me.

[646:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. David said. Is there a way to generate longer responses than 2000? Words? So what Yeah, with chat GPT. Plus, they are limiting the outputs, I think it's about I think it might be 4000 words that GPT for but it might only be 2000. That's where if you request the API, the actual open API API from them. And you can use the the developer API where you let's see open a ai.com. Learn about GPT four. And then,

[658:07] Speaker 0: to make it hard to find this,

[659:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: join the API waitlist, it's right here, that will actually give you 8000 characters to use. And that's what I use a lot of times is that version right there. I know that they will be expanding more of those characters here in the future, a company called anthropic API, or anthropic AI, they just released a 75,000 word input and output AI called Claude. And so they are allowing 75,000 words into their API. You know how long the first Harry Potter book was, it was 75,000 words, you could literally put an entire novel into it as a prompt, and it will analyze and be able to pull that out and do all that as well. I know Jasper, that AI, they allow about 6000 characters right now in their chat output. And so yeah, the best way to go beyond those outputs is to use the API. However, there is a hack when you're using chat GPT. That is to say, if you come up against the limit, let's say that it's outputting 2000 words and you hit the limit, I believe it's looked back, it's still 4000 words. So you can type in the word continue, when it stops generating and it will actually continue giving you the output. So it'll be able to give you a longer output by doing that, which is really cool. I found a phenomenal program called for email generation called Convert Kit. They were able to import 3500 to 500,000 emails. Awesome. Yeah, convert kits and other service that does email marketing. I've heard a lot of people mention that as well. Yeah, if you got 35 350,000 500,000 emails, create, create a couple of I would create a couple of offers couple of webinars, and see which ones people I would pay attention to. If you already have an email list, what is the open rate for different hooks and ideas, see which one people are opening and clicking on More often, and that will actually help you and give you a little give you a lot of data as to what topic people are resonating with for and you could easily invite those people to a couple of presentations with an email list that size. I see no reason why you couldn't hit easily hit seven figures in revenue in six months. If there if a lot of those people are opening your emails, if those now depends on how many of those 350 to 500,000 are actually opening your emails still. But what we found is for every every every 10,000 names in your email list, you can usually generate about seven figures per 10,000 names. So if you got 100,000 on there, that's a that's a that are opening your emails we had, we had about 100,000 that were opening all Rick pinos emails when he hit that million dollars a month. So I think the open rate on my mom's emails is close to 60,000. But her conversion rate is a lot higher. So she has 50,000 people that are just a read everything she sends out. My email list is only three I think it's 2700 people as of today. So you don't need a huge email list. You need a responsive list. But if you have a huge email list to start with, that is definitely a an advantage to your testing for sure. I would capitalize on that as quick as possible. Other than Facebook and teachable? Is there another way to offer lifetime access to videos we present? Um, yeah, you could just send them a Google Drive link with a video in there. That's a simple way to do it. Just a Google Drive link. We used to send people back in the day, way back in the day, it would just be a text document with like a WordPress page that had some YouTube links on it. That were private. So that mean, you do it, you do it you can do don't don't overcomplicate the process. With technology, that's something that I recommend people so okay. WLC Oh, wait, it looks like Pearl at castles. Raise your hand first and then I'll go with WLC for let castles. Oh, hi there, Jeremiah.

[732:48] Speaker 4: How are you?

[733:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you? Good.

[733:37] Speaker 4: So thank you for doing the challenge. I didn't get a chance to watch all of it because I work nine to five, how long the content will be up for?

[736:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Were you a VIP? Um, no. Okay. So yeah, so the content will be out for free until Tuesday at midnight. Sometimes it takes me until the next day to take the content down. Unless I get really distracted with our baby and hope that it might take me till the next I had that happened last week, I forgot to take the videos down. And I was like, it was like a very hectic week. And so I was like, you know, because I was doing the five day event and all that. And so it's like I said, you know, you only have access to this day, but people got like two extra days on top of it. So the baby, you'll have till Tuesday, you'll have till Tuesday. That's part of how I've designed my life as I've kind of I just I give myself grace. And my mom really taught me there's so much to do what I can do when I can do it as much as possible instead of okay, I have to make sure that these are taken down at this time, I used to really like stress and strive over perfection for those things. I just found that being a little more relaxed, makes life more enjoyable. And ultimately, in my business, we close more sales that way. So yeah. Tuesday is when is the last day that you'll have to watch the videos for free.

[757:04] Speaker 4: So Right. So I wanted to know about the client growth Gen accelerator. Sorry about my voice. I'm recovering from the flu.

[759:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you okay. You said you sound great. Okay, thank you. Yeah, actually, I couldn't tell.

[760:48] Speaker 4: Oh, okay. So I wanted to know, I am a, I work nine to five in procurement, for construction. My passion really is helping people create a lifestyle of good habits, so that they can get things done. Because I had a near death experience and the moment sorry, when I felt like I was going to die, it was the things that I didn't do. I was in regret about right. So once I got better, that's what I started doing. And habits have helped me to get those things done. My question is, I see people need way more help with accountability. So should I focus more on that? Because as more focus on the habits itself, right?

[774:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: By right, yeah. The what people really make the investment for is, in any coaching program that we've had is you provide the training, or the habits and all this stuff to do that's why that's what the courses are. And and any sort of coaching program is kind of broken down into you have some training content that people can go through on their own. But then the accountability and sort of the hands on part of it is where you provide a lesson or two a week, to where you're helping people. And there's different ways of structuring that depending on your life and what you can do. You know, pre record one of those lessons do one, do your coaching at eight o'clock at night, nine o'clock at night. When you come home. I mean, that's the you know, what I always tell people to do when you build a coaching program is make it work around your lifestyle, make it work around what you can show up for consistently. And listen, you're not going to please everybody, but you will be able to at least help the people that you're meant to help. For instance, like our live trainings there at 11am on Eastern or central time, in the accelerator. We have a ton of people that who watch through the recordings of those, and then they post their questions in the group. And then they're still interacting with us even from that segment. So part of like what we've cultivated in the accelerator is that I think anybody can make it work depending on if they're working a full time job. If they're not now I would love to see you start to go full time with your coaching There's, there's there's something that happens when you shift into that, that accelerates everything is what I heard a great example of this is that a lot of people, they're like they're looking to three and 4x their income before they leave their job is actually the best advice is once you sort of match your income. Now, if you leave your job, you're gonna have way more time to Forex that. And that usually happens within a month or two, for people when they go full time with their coaching business, or that's

[808:40] Speaker 4: because they need help with like the offer, and the positioning all of that, because right now I have three clients, but mainly with the accountability piece, helping them map out, you know, like their money their week, so they can actually do it.

[813:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So the idea is that I would work on again, it'll be, it'll be better for you set a meeting with them one on one having like a group time where you all meet together, okay, we can and we can map out, you know, each person gets a little bit of time to map this out. But the idea is, as a coach, when you do group coaching, I, oh, I need to talk about this more often, when you do group coaching, you need to train your clients to be self accountable. You need to actually train and coach your clients to be self disciplined. In a one on one coaching setting, very little self discipline is required, because you're showing up making sure that they're doing the work at the one on one time, you're following up with them. When it comes to a group setting. You know, how do we manage group coaching programs with 3000 people, I can't talk to 3000. Like it's impossible. It is. So that's where you as a leader sort of provide Okay, listen, here's how you can get the most out of this program. And that's where structure and systems come into play, to be able to actually provide the promised value to people. And what you'll find is in our accelerator is that we, we've created probably the best system that I know of, that can provide a group with the best interaction because we provide a number of touch points, you can comment in our Facebook group, you can join our live calls, and you can interact with us in that way, you will get emails sent out to you when we have different sessions. Now, still, we have a lot of our members there, they are unable to show up live. They don't ever ask for help, they don't ever post. And I've reached out and asked a few of them. The the only reason that I find that a lot of people don't stay accountable in a group coaching program is embarrassment. It's embarrassment, they feel embarrassed that they haven't done anything. And and, and so I try to strive for a culture of massive acceptance. When people are in the program as like, we're not going to shame you, this isn't a place where you're going to be shamed or judged for not showing up on a call is if you come back six months later, and you do show up on certain calls at that point right there. Like welcome, like, we have open arms to help you continue from that point. This is I think, just a habit that I will continue to talk about, as annoying as it is to people is that when we don't self punish and self shame ourselves into feeling like we're not doing good enough. And we actually say You know what I struggled, I could have done better. But let's let's look forward to the future. Instead of being upset at myself about what I haven't done. That mindset changes everything for people because we are no longer looking at Oh, I underperformed over here. We're looking towards the future where we're headed. And this is a strategy that every millionaire and multimillionaire that I've ever talked to, they have mentored me. And because I was the worst of the worst at doing this, I would constantly look at what I hadn't done. In the past, I would constantly look at how I was failing. And telling myself you know, if only I could stop failing, then I would succeed. And it came to the point where as soon as I changed that habit and started to just keep my eyes focused on this is the direction I'm headed. Even if I've made a mistake over here, obviously I want to clean up a mess. Resolve mistakes resolve any if I've offended somebody resolve a conflict. Now obviously, you're not going to please everybody. But we want to maintain a level of professionalism. That's important. But we don't want to be so focused on what I haven't done lately and focus on what can I do to move forward and keep that perspective? And I just I find And the data is so much more effective for people. And that's, that's the culture that we, we encourage and in the accelerator is a forward motion growth mindset, to where Listen, even, you know, even if you haven't launched an offer for six months, there's no benefit to beating somebody up for not doing their work for six months, there's not, unfortunately, we have a society that does that, that tries to beat us up for not doing what we should have for a certain amount of time. Now, certain personalities, they need a little bit of a push, and I'm not listen, I'm not knocking the fact that okay, obviously, you know, not building your offer for six months isn't going to help you. But let's not repeat that pattern, let's make the next six months better than the last. And that's that's the community that we're that we have in there. So

[893:59] Speaker 4: that's great, because radical acceptance is so liberating. You know, this is where this is where I'm going.

[895:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And listen, we're I don't want to see anybody in the program who's not doing their work. And they're just, they're just in there, and they're not doing anything. Like that's not what I'm talking about. When we talk about radical acceptance, there's some people think that we mean, okay, accepting the status quo? No, but not at all. Not at all.

[901:37] Speaker 4: It doesn't mean this is where I'm at what are my next steps, so I can move forward, rather than getting stuck in regret and all of that. So you mentioned that the training is at 11? Is that 11? All the time? Or do you have rotating times?

[906:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's 11am. All the time. We do have the like, the fast start call that we're doing on Wednesday, that's gonna be at at 2pm. Or no, it's at I think it's at 3pm. Eastern Time, we have our mastermind that we do that that is at the end of May, that's from 11am to 5pm. Eastern, and most of the times that we do the live content do occurred during the work day. Because that's just that's what works best for me. So again, a lot of a lot of people do have to go through the recordings. I know that. But you'll get a lot of value from it regardless.

[918:39] Speaker 4: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. All right.

[919:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. W l see faith, food, fitness, focus. Weight Loss connection.

[921:37] Speaker 5: Hello. Hi. Thanks

[922:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: for your patience. Oh,

[922:56] Speaker 5: yeah, thank you, thank you for all the work and information you have poured into it over the past five days, and now they thick. So I appreciate

[925:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: you saying that, you know, I I've gotten more people telling us that they got a lot of value out of this. I had a few people write me and they weren't too happy with the training. But no, I'm not going to please everybody. So

[929:52] Speaker 5: that that is true. I do like what you have taught, I have learned a lot from listening. In the past few days. I have attempted to do my online coaching. I have a brick and mortar location I've been in business now for since 2017. And I've helped several women, I specialize in working with women, but a few men too, because I have a husband. And we did our journey together with weight loss and helping people to make better changes in their health and their lifestyle when it comes down to when it comes down to wellness. But I want to transition and do online. Online coaching. I'm a certified personal trainer as well as a certified health coach. And my goal is to reach more people, not just people here in my community that want to make some changes. I've gone through my journey and I've lost 100 pounds. So the majority of my life was struggling with my weight. And I have maintained about 80 pounds off over the course of 50 years now. And and that's where the longevity comes in. And then 50 years old, and I had a trip before we're in that that 50 plus club and we help a lot of people in this this space, but I want to transition to online and I have attempted several different times to go online. And it didn't work out you know and so I was back to doing what I'm doing. And just recently my last attempt and I'm invested in different program to the point that I'm just kind On a financially depleted with trying different things. But I understand the value of investing. That's the only way we grow and we learn, you know, and we learn from mistakes and we figure out what works. So that all this to say that I do have a landing page, but after looking at what you put out and what you've taught this past few days, I have a whole lot of work to switch up and change this look creative. Before I knew anything about chat GPT went on there. I thought about what you said some people on here and have not even created a chat GPT I'm like, Oh, that's not me. Me I'm so I'm happy you said that. Because I said, let me see what is it that you know what this device, this AI actually is available to us? Yeah, I started to create trouble. Yes. And so that piece along with a lot of value to me, so, and I thought of different ways of how to make some, some changes to my landing page, because I know I'm going to be able to do it in a group format. You know, when I do my my next attempt, I want to follow the process that you have taught this past few day I've tried before where it was one on one still call. And that was part of the reason why I signed up with the program because you know, paid advertisement. And when I heard you say that you don't have to do, they'll call which I don't want to steal cars. I don't want it too time consuming. And and I have done group speaking I do group speaking with my my clients, I get on the boom, and you know, help keep them accountable and all of that. So I got resources, my biggest thing is being able to transition. So my, my question for you is this. The name of my business is the weight loss connection. Because I feel that people need a connection, they need different tools, so that they can stay on their journey for weight loss. I heard you say about from time your your, your niche will tweak a little bit. So I am a Christian woman. So I want to attract other Christian women, but

[1002:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: it sounded like over over over 45 to right. Mm, yeah. That's a good niche, though, because over 45 Has the expendable income to make an investment and is tired of spending years not getting a result. So and they would love to find something that is connected around their faith as well, to that. So right there is a great niche that you could do of faith based for women over 45 to finally I guess you could say, you know, take care of the the outer, the outer woman along with the spirit that's going on inside right. And I have in the to be connected right there take care of the, the the temple that you have. And so what you mentioned was your own story and struggle that's going to actually be one of your greatest strengths is telling your story and your struggle, and making that a big part on your landing pages and your offers. I dealt with this struggle other people have. And we have sustainably this isn't just, you know, a fad, you know, lose weight real quick and then gain it all this is some this is a way to sustainably create the life that you want. Now, the one thing you got to be careful of is when running Facebook ads, they do limit you around weight loss. So they're pretty restrictive on that. And so we have to talk about what are some of the symptoms

[1026:12] Speaker 0: that

[1026:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: the your target client deals with, again, probably lack of energy, lack of focus, a lack of feeling confident maybe as a big part of it. And speaking to those issues, to draw people in and what's cool is you can lead with if you talk about confidence. Now you can lead with a message that's about faith and finding our confidence not just in how I look how I appear how I sound, rather, who God's made us to be but then you can connect that right to how to take care of yourself, Mind Body Spirit, and that becomes a program that you can sell people on. And so that would be a hook that I would draw people around. Is that for you. Utilizing chat CBT type in your store Lori, and have it reverse engineer that into an offer about about growing and in confidence as a woman over 45.

[1042:27] Speaker 5: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

[1043:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then furthermore, that's what we that's the big focus of what we help with in the accelerator as we as we help people put these offers together, test it out. Okay, we launched it. Did it work? Well, if it didn't work? Well, let's evaluate it. And then as a group, we're able to go over your offer and work with you and help you with that. So

[1048:40] Speaker 5: Okay. Okay. Thank you. I also wanted to know, what do you what's your thoughts on Kingdom curves? As far as how to utilize that name? My business is the weight loss connection. But I love the name Kingdom curves? For a sure.

[1054:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think the name of your program, if it resonates with your audience, I think then that's great. Yeah, I don't, you know, the name of it has to do with more, what you're, what you're trying to express what kind of culture what kind of community you're you're creating. So that's, that's helpful.

[1059:18] Speaker 5: Okay. All right. So I'm not,

[1060:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not going to take any more questions from anybody who raises their hand, I just want to address a couple that were in the chat here. Thank you so much. What was your name, by the way?

[1061:58] Speaker 5: Nikki Clark,

[1062:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Vicki Clark. Awesome. Thanks for being here. Okay, so Pamela said, you've heard me talk about systems. Systems don't necessarily refer to software systems, systems can be as simple as just when you respond to somebody how often you respond, really how your internal boundaries of your program are set up, what you what your focus is, what your working hours are, how available you are, how you deliver your content, how you deliver your coaching itself. And so what it is, is I see a lot of people and coaches, they the biggest reason why it takes them so many hours to actually fulfill their coaching, is because their systems are way too dependent on them showing up. And so when you can optimize, just an assistant could literally be as simple as how you communicate to your to your clients. That could be a system, and what you communicate as to how they can best get the most value with you, me using these Q and A's right here on Zoom are part of a system versus me talking one on one with each person who's on here, as much as I would love to do that. I don't have the time capacity anymore to do that. And so part of my system as utilizing a tool that allows me to better leverage my time. Okay. And then James says the accelerator pricing structure the same way you recommend to structure payments offer pay in full and monthly recurring for group programs. So we covered a little bit of that in the program. That's a that's a wider question. If you're just starting out, and you don't have a large email list, and you don't have a bunch of content already, I would prefer people do a hybrid where they you maybe you sell eight weeks or three months of coaching and a term. And people can pay for that, whether it be to pay three pay or paid in full about $1,000. And that will help cashflow things for you. And you could do a cycle of that a couple of times to develop your your language to develop the feedback loop. But eventually, you want to move into a recurring membership model to where everybody stays into an open ended program. And you're able to charge, the range could be $47 A month all the way up to $400 a month, depending on the value that you offer. And that would be your entry level. And then I'd also recommend that you have a high ticket, that might be a $500 all the way up to $2,000 a month. For a smaller elite group of people. My mom's coaching program is $177 a month. And then she has a VIP program. That's $1,000 a month. And so her VIP has about 100 people in it at 1000 bucks a month for 177 a month has 3000 people in it at that level. And now we're going to be releasing a few 47 $97 classes that she's going to sell to people. Those are going to break even as a goal to move people into the membership programs. So because she already has an email list and a lot of content, she's able to do it that way. If she was starting from scratch though, I would recommend that she sell 1000 or $2,000 hybrid program that's only you know, six weeks all the way up to three months long. enroll people in that to get the feedback going. But because my mom already had such a wide audience, she was able to kind of skip that and go straight for the membership model. I started with doing courses individually. The problem that you have with just selling courses and not doing recurring is it's more of a launch model where you have Okay, a bunch of revenue. And now you have no cash flow until you launch another program, but your revenue, no cash flow till you launch a program that can become exhausting. Okay? And so the way around that as you have some kind of a recurring basis, that gives you cash flow to breathe a little bit with, and we go over, we go over a lot of those different structures in the accelerator with you as well.

[1128:41] Speaker 0: So All righty,

[1129:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's my mom's website? It's a real change.com You can also find her on Instagram at Sandy Krakowskie.

[1131:53] Speaker 0: So, yes,

[1132:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: so easy way to create a newsletter. Open Rate is very good. Yeah, for a newsletter, it's just kind of sending emails out to your audience using MailChimp using the MailChimp system, so I gotta get going, though. Here we are. We gotta get out because we're headed for Mother's Day with my mom and I gotta help my wife and stuff with with the baby here. So thanks, everybody, for being on here. Thanks for these questions. This has been this has been great. I have heard the concept of wabi sabi about embracing imperfections and all that it's really great. It's awesome. So Okay, thanks, everybody for being here. Again. I'm getting a text from my wife saying can you come downstairs and help so I'm gonna go to remember Tuesday. We have another q&a at 3pm Eastern 2pm Central. And for those who are in the accelerator, we are meeting at 11am cet Central 12pm Eastern 12pm Eastern 11am Central on Monday. For our q&a we got our jumpstart training at I believe it's 4pm Eastern and 3pm Central on I could be wrong on that. I quoted that wrong last time and it confused a bunch of people so want to make sure

[1155:11] Speaker 0: I'm putting that right.

[1156:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: The jumpstart training it's over on the landing page

[1159:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you don't have to remember all this stuff perfectly to be successful. Yeah, so it's 3pm Eastern 2pm Central time for the for the Jumpstart training on Wednesday. For those that join the accelerator so you guys know where to join it. You'll get an email as well. You'll see the retargeting ads. Thanks, everybody who already has jumped in and I'm excited to work with you and and make this an amazing month together. Have a good one. Everybody says 4pm in the group. Yep, I know we had that wrong. All right. Let me go ahead. It's going to be

[1169:14] Speaker 0: it's going to be at 3pm. I'm going to fix that.

[1170:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Have a good one, everybody. We'll talk soon.

