Offer Launchpad 2 Day Experience Mastermind
Date: 2023-05-26T21:20:49.000Z
Duration: 61 min
Otter ID: hH6cICy8T-jHtpOlFjxMMf8N5r8
---

[0:54] Speaker 0: All right welcome everybody

[4:24] Speaker 0: welcome to session number one

[6:17] Speaker 0: the author Launchpad event

[17:08] Speaker 0: all right

[19:11] Speaker 0: Hello, everybody. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome to Session number one. Today, the author Launchpad two day mastermind is going to be an immersive mastermind experience that will impact you that will help your business.

[26:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so we're going live in the Facebook group, each session will be recorded. This is the first session and here's kind of how things are gonna go down. I know, I didn't share a lot about what this is we've had two of these, they've been really great. And it's essentially here's how I see it. We're in zoom, we're in a video platform here. But imagine that we're sitting around a table together. Like we're sitting around a round table together, working together on your business to help you get the results that you want. And there's going to be some teaching, there's going to be live copywriting I'm not going to have anybody just jump up and say, Hey, can you give me some feedback on this, that's not really what this is. This is a an interactive thing where my goal is to help get you to where you have your offer, and we launch it. And this is going to fast track you. The goal behind this is to fast track you by months and even weeks. And the reason why we do this quarterly, you know, I was thinking about not doing it quarterly this morning, I go back and forth. As I think that it helps give us a front end alignment. Doing that we have our jumpstart training, we have the offer Launchpad. And then we have the weekly calls and the weekly interaction that goes on. And so here in the client growth accelerator gives you access to be able to solve the problems, you have to be able to get the results that you want. Now, I do apologize, I don't know if it's really loud. Can you hear the vacuum in the background? Is it really loud to you? Or is it not that bad? Okay, great. We have our cleaning crew here, they come in on Fridays. It's a it's a lady and three other ladies from the neighborhood and they come into our house each Friday. And that by the way, that's something that will will help assist you in your own business is one of the first things to outsource when you make some money is cleaning your house. Right? You don't have somebody come at least once a week to clean the house deep clean it for you. And so then we kind of pick up stuff throughout the week. And that's been a game changer for us. I have had that in my life. And for Abigail. We've not ever not had that for the last six years. And so that's been a big part of we're like, it's as soon as we have a budget to afford to spend, you know, 150 bucks a week, will we push that to that that's the first thing that can really help you because they aid now you got a clean space helps you with your mindset, it helps you think better and helps you process better. But as you said, Doesn't sound too loud. It's actually really loud here in the room that I'm in right now. So it's alright, so we're gonna go into this right now. I'm excited to do this with you. Again, as I mentioned, some of you who just came on, the idea behind this is to spend the next two days together immersively working on your offers, working on your copy working on your landing page working on the funnel, answering questions and there's going to be some training there's going to be some a lot of interaction that's why it's a mastermind it's not just a an event. And there's not a sales pitch at the end of this. I'm not opening the doors to something special at the end of it. There's no like this. This doesn't fit into the A model of when I talk about the virtual event playbook, how we like, we do the 30% 30% 30%. This is This is pure implementation for you guys here in this program. And this is kind of like if you take what we do on Mondays, and you just amplified it to where we get to spend a lot of that time together, which is awesome. So again, I'm excited to be in here, I'm excited to spend this time with you. So let's go right into it. Here's the thing that I that I highly recommend for you. Okay. No matter where you're at, in your business, as I'm, I'm, I have a feeling and a sense

[89:59] Speaker 0: to encourage you today to be bold. Okay. So

[93:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's mute everybody else who's in here. And being bold, is, is when I talk about this is this is defined differently for everybody, okay? But I can promise you this, that for your offers to be effective. Because, again, I don't like seeing in the group that people run an offer, and it didn't produce the sales that they want it. Like, obviously, that's not what this program is for this is to help you get clarity, and to get results that pays you money. And the biggest thing that I see, consistently,

[105:00] Speaker 0: consistently

[105:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: across the board, over my career, not just this group here, this isn't again, I'm not I'm not gonna harp on everybody, that wouldn't be a good leader, if I did that. You know, there's a balance as a leader to having empathy, accepting where everybody is at and saying, okay, you know, what, you're doing a great job. And then also pointing out, hey, this needs to be tweaked. This needs to be adjusted, this habit that has been occurring for six to 12 to 24 months, you know, we have some people who are here in this program right now that have been here for 12 months. And then we have other people who are here that have been here for a month and get get an offer out to go. And so what's the difference maker between that I'm going to point back to this is you don't want to step into Oh, now I feel guilty, because I'm comparing myself to others, we need to have self compassion, and we need to treat it as Okay, today, I'm going to make the decision that what I've been doing the last 12 months is not what I'm going to be doing the next 12 months, okay. And so as a leader, there's a balance of me having the empathy, the acceptance, the the the ability to have patience and communicate, and to see individually where each person is at and to be able to help them where they are. And then the But the flip side is to be able to call out and say, Okay, we have to go to another level if we don't want to repeat the same cycle. Does that make sense? And if you've been if you've been part of this program here with me, you I think you understand that how my energy kind of balances between that. So I don't need to like, prove to you that I truly, truly care about your success. And then I totally like whatever you're going through, I just want you to understand. I'm gonna be straight up with you. I had a pretty hard morning this morning.

[135:16] Speaker 0: There was a tough morning, emotionally.

[136:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yet, here I am right now. Because I literally I took care of what I needed to take care of. I took care of what's going on up here. And I didn't let that affect me and say you know what, now I'm going to cancel on all these people who set aside their time. And so sometimes we have time where I can say okay, let's take some time to look at what's stopping me what that is. I spend time with my therapists. Sometimes I'll spend it with Chad, CPT, I'll spend it at my piano. on the treadmill. I did all of that even over the last two hours. I've been on the treadmill played the piano did all that just to get my mindset, right. But sometimes we also need to put on our our big boy and big girl pants and do the hard things even when we don't feel like it. Do the hard things even when we we feel like just curling up in a ball on a couch and saying it's too hard. It's too difficult. I'm disappointed that things didn't go how I wanted them to. I'm disappointed that I put all of this effort into into working on this area in my life. And then I completely failed

[154:49] Speaker 0: at it. But that's part of

[155:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: the human process. That's part of the human experience. And so just as as you experience that with your offers, with your ads with your copy, I experienced that as well myself. And so realizing that that is part of that and having compassion and Grace on ourselves the way that we would. If we were to look at ourselves as a child, I have my former my four month, almost five month old baby boy. And when I look at him, I don't have this little, you're not doing this, right, you need to do this, I have compassion, because he's growing, he's learning like that would be unreasonable for me to look at my son and get upset at him for not being able to sit up on his own. Because he doesn't have the strength to do so right here. And yet, we do that same thing inside of ourselves, that when we feel like I just don't have the strength to do this thing right here today, we ended up beating ourselves up because as adults, quote, unquote, we should know better. And so that's just, that's just the core of everything, the message that I talked about is, you have to have radical self acceptance and self compassion, compassion for where you're at right now, and not feeling upset and disappointed that you're not further along, you'll actually get further along by having that, when I look at my son, I can support him and help him to learn how to sit up on his own, you know, rocking back and forth, so he gets used to his hands and, and things like this so that he grows the muscles inside of his body and learns how to do that. It's the exact same thing in this business, you're growing a new muscle? And you might be saying, Yeah, but I've been trying to do it for 12 years, when's the muscle going to pop? When's it going to show up? What am I going to start to see things happen? And generally, the reason why is there some kind of a block or a blinder, that is that is limiting, we can't see clearly what's actually stopping us from getting to that next level, we can see it and other people. That's why we make great coaches, and it can be frustrating as a coach to be able to see it in others, and to actually struggle to see it in yourself. That's why I have a coach, I have a therapist, I have two coaches now that I'm working with, to make sure that I don't stay stuck at the level that I'm at right now. To make sure that I am moving things forward, that things are progressing, that things are growing. And so for you, it's the exact same thing. And being bold, no matter where you're at, in your journey. This can be defined differently for each person, okay. But but in my experience of working with coaches, mentors, speakers, trainers, they're not, they're not bold enough in their messaging and in their offers that they're putting out there. And so they're launching offers, that are, for lack of a better word, they lacked the punch needed to be effective, they lack the, the,

[204:45] Speaker 0: the strength,

[205:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: the offer itself has a sort of a strength to it, that is lacking. And then when you put it out there, nobody shows up, or nobody buys from you. And so what we have to do is we have to strengthen the offer, we have to make the offer stronger. Now here's Dale, here's where the lie is to make the offer stronger means more work and cost more money. That's not true at all. That's, that's completely not true. See, the idea is that if I that if I make it stronger, there's going to be a certain burden to making it stronger. And so we're actually avoiding, strengthening, strengthening our offer because of the perceived burden that we're trying to avoid ourselves, whatever that might be. And so one of the key questions that we have to ask ourselves as this is that when we are creating our offers,

[219:50] Speaker 0: is and generally what

[221:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: what most people think is bold enough in their offer is it's not it's not even scratching the surface. It's very much still in the playing it safe category with language.

[225:34] Speaker 0: And this is not any fault

[225:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: of anybody to be upset with yourself to be disappointed to punish yourself. It's because this is a new area, a new area to grow in. And so I've worked with with coaches, mentors, trainers, speakers,

[230:06] Speaker 0: that this one thing is what changed everything

[231:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: in their funnel in their offer is when they started to get specific about what is the outcome and the result that the target customer is going to get when working with the coach. When that becomes clearly expressed.

[237:08] Speaker 0: And then they're able to quiet

[238:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: the mental noise see when you're writing copy when you're using chat GPT subconsciously, we're judging how good the copy is, we're also judging based off of how we think others are going to respond to it. And when you can quiet the

[242:44] Speaker 0: noise that's projected into your subconscious

[244:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: about what people are going to think about your offer, what they're going to think after the offer. And you literally learn to silence the the the external critic, what it really is, is it's an inner critic, it's us inside being critical of ourselves copy. But we're projecting an external critic of how somebody else is going to perceive this offer, when you can silence that voice

[251:36] Speaker 0: completely. When you're making your offer.

[252:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you put something out there that has, truthfully, zero regard, whether people are gonna like it, accept it, understand it, buy into it or not. So you have to weigh these two things is that we work on a system to where we're developing sales copy, and creating an offer that connects with our clients, while simultaneously not even giving two seconds worry or concern of is this going to work or produce a result and learning to actually create that way of thinking in your brain, to where it becomes more of a fun experience for you to where it's not this thing that you have to get right, I just have to get it right so that I don't waste time. So that I don't lose money, when you can literally like let go of the grip on I have to get this right.

[268:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: It unlocks a new level of you actually being able to, to craft your offer better. The the energy that you bring across in the written word in your sales copy on your Facebook ads, there is an energy that is transferred when people see your ad when they visit your landing page. And when when that energy comes from a place of I need to make this work and it needs to be right, you'll you'll almost always never get sales. Because you're so anchored, that the copy is so anchored towards I need approval from other people, not the service and result that the client is actually going to get out of it. And this is where our brain can end up tricking us as well. Because we believe that it's attached to integrity and honesty, is why we're doing this. Well, I don't want to over promise something that isn't exactly what they're going to get that 100% are going to get. And so I have to make sure that it fits into a safe way of communicating what we're going to do with people, so as to not displease a small percentage of hyper highly critical people that find our offer. And we end up crafting our offer for the 1% of people that will be disappointed and not like the results that they're going to get. We have less than 1% of people that become disappointed in the program that we have here. And yet they are the most vocal, they send me the like, like pages of emails as to why I should be in prison for what I teach you. Legitimately. I have multiple people that have told me that I should be in jail for what I am teaching you right now. And I've had one person tell me that they will make it their life's mission to make sure that I never do business again, because of the message that I teach you right now and what I'm sharing with you, and so but it works, and it produces results. And so if I operate out of the fear and worry of trying to make everybody happy, and please everybody my sales copy is going to be it's going to lack the strength that it needs to actually be effective to actually attract the target client, because I'm going to be tiptoeing and playing it safe to avoid Rocking the Boat pushing the envelope too far in order to please 1% of the people that I reach. And generally what I found is there is a common pattern and those people that get really upset, they are very hyper critical of themselves and everybody else and they find a sense of self worth and putting others down. And so I have have compassion on those people who, for whatever reason, end up We come into our program, and and they're just in there to validate whatever story they have up here that all coaches are frauds. And all coaches are evil and all coaches are bad. And so I know that there's a small percentage of people that are going to do that, realize you're going to have, especially in the beginning, if your copy isn't specific enough, you're going to attract a lot more of those people. And they're all going to ask for their money back. And the ones that you're meant to work with are not going to sign up with you, that's what ends up happening. When your copy is in bold. When your offer isn't bold, you end up attracting the very people that you want to avoid. And then they for here's what ends up happening when your copy is not direct enough,

[332:48] Speaker 0: is this is the range

[333:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: of people that you're trying to cast a wide net to help. And this is the range of what you're teaching on. And the person you attracted was expecting something over here, and now they're going to complain that you didn't give them this, you gave them this. And so that's why getting specific and bold about this segment in your marketing, and being willing to actually alienate

[340:54] Speaker 0: and repel

[341:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: this entire segment of your market, that you could still help that you could still assist that could still use what you're what you're offering.

[344:53] Speaker 0: But you intentionally

[345:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: leave them out of your copy. And you get bolder in the specificity, how specific you are communicating with people over here with your copy. And so what I see that a lot of people do with their offers is they're they're still playing it way too safe with their sales copy. Because they don't want to offend anybody. They don't want to alienate people, they don't want to leave people out, they want to make sure to be inclusive of everybody possible. And what this creates, is this creates an environment where you're actually attracting nightmare clients, where you're attracting people that are not a good fit to work with you. And here's what ends up happening, your ad spend

[357:23] Speaker 0: is going to be astronomical.

[358:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: The amount of money that you spend on ads is going to be such a waste of resources, that it is not even viable for you to build a business at that point. And so this is why when you run ads, and then people don't show up, this cycle ends up happening. And so the way that we solve that is we learn

[364:09] Speaker 0: how to communicate a bold result and outcome in our offer.

[366:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we we craft an irresistible offer that people have a very hard time saying no to the right people. And for the information that we don't know, you might say, well, Jeremiah, I got no clue what this is. I got no clue what this is, I got some great news for you, you can discover what that is. And it's not very hard. And it's not very difficult at all.

[373:50] Speaker 0: Most people

[374:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: are avoiding even discovering what this is. Because it ends up challenging the beliefs that are beneath the surface of what they can do. I was just having a coaching call with one of my one on one clients this past week.

[379:22] Speaker 0: And

[380:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: she was avoiding creating

[381:34] Speaker 0: her offer and putting it out there.

[383:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And getting so specific. Because she was afraid that people were going to come after her and kill her. And because her childhood experience was related to attackers in her life coming after her.

[388:11] Speaker 0: And

[388:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm glad that she was seeing a therapist after our session.

[390:13] Speaker 0: I said that

[390:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is this is what I told her is that we have to identify the fact that you're not you. She she wants to avoid promising an outcome because she thinks that people are going to come after her if she doesn't deliver perfectly on that outcome right here.

[395:36] Speaker 0: And that people will

[396:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: to hold her accountable, become physically harmful to her if she isn't 100% making sure that she delivers on this outcome to 100% of all the people out there. And so that was stopping her from even talking about

[400:41] Speaker 0: what she does the massive

[401:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: level of success that she brings her clients, which she has a track record for. But she wanted to play it safe and just her her copy, basically it said, you know, get success

[405:22] Speaker 0: in in,

[406:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I don't want to, like get specific about who it was. But it was it was so vague,

[407:26] Speaker 0: and unspecific.

[408:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we went back and forth for 45 minutes as to she believes that there is no result or outcome that is tangible enough for her clients. And we were able to actually by questioning back and forth, figure out that there actually was a tangible outcome that people want, but it was different than what she wanted to deliver to people. And as soon as we got specific into that outcome, it challenged that belief of her safety. It challenged that belief of her physical safety. And then it became this, this conversation of okay. So if you put your offer out there, you have a belief that your safety is now in jeopardy, and that was what was stopping her from launching an offer. And so well, we can identify whatever it is, that is stopping us from doing this part of the process. With our offer. With our sales offer, you know, I there's courses in the members area in the members area that will teach you funnel strategy. What do you say during your during your,

[425:48] Speaker 0: your event?

[426:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do you how do you put a landing page together? How do you write sales copy?

[427:40] Speaker 0: How do you craft a funnel?

[428:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And how do you run ads and get people in there, the step by step stuff is in that members area there. What I found though, is that there's usually a couple sticking points that people get stuck actually doing the work. And that's how we develop the six steps. So step number one that people get stuck out is deciding on what their niche

[435:01] Speaker 0: is. Okay. Step number

[436:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: two that people get stuck at is actually writing the offer copy,

[437:19] Speaker 0: which I really try

[438:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: to have empathy for this one. I don't fully understand why this is. Because there's zero risk behind writing off your copy besides the 30 to 45 minutes that you spend on chat GPT. And so if you're somebody that maybe you just think it's a waste of time.

[444:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: We can talk about that and figure that out. But there's zero risk to actually write your offer copy, you haven't even put anything out yet. And so most people get stuck. They haven't even started, they haven't even created a chat GPT account yet. They haven't even started to create some offer copy. Okay, so these are the sticking points. Step number three sticking point is the landing page. This is this is literally how I came up with these six steps. Because then step number three is you might have your copy. But you're not building out your funnel yet. And you're stuck on the tech aspects. Again, zero risk right here, whatsoever. You have the community to help you here in this program to help you with your offer copy to help you with your landing pages. So but these are the two most common areas that people get stuck right here. And I mean, I will I know some people that they're they're in this program still have not written offer copy. And it's been nine months since they've joined.

[462:44] Speaker 0: Hadn't fired up chat GPT. And

[463:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: when asked about it, they say well, I'm I'm figuring some things out. So maybe what we need to do is we need to get specific about what are those things that you're figuring out? What are those things that are stopping you from making a decision on your niche from writing your offer copy from taking the language and putting a very simple funnel together. Now I do understand once you run the ads, this becomes risky. This is where it gets real as you're putting money behind it to run the ads,

[473:20] Speaker 0: okay. But a big part

[474:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the process that makes it successful when launching your offer is that you're experimenting that you're that you're putting the offer out there to see how it comes back to you. There's no amount of meditation on the couch journaling. Going into a trance or, or whatever that is going to be tell you the data that you get from actually running ads and putting an offer out there.

[481:24] Speaker 0: Your Copy could be great.

[482:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if it doesn't land with people, and people aren't showing up, and they're not registering, you don't know that much information, and then

[485:48] Speaker 0: you want to gather feedback.

[487:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to actually gather feedback. Once your offer is out there, your entire mission is to get feedback that you don't know and and don't ever assume that you already know everything about your market. Because if you did, you would be making money hand over fist. Okay? If you knew everything about your market, you would be making more money that Tony Robbins and Dean Graziosi Absolutely. I don't know everything, even about my own market. And yet, we are making multiple six

[496:51] Speaker 0: figures. So the feedback,

[497:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: gathering the feedback from real human beings, from real people doing your presentation.

[500:23] Speaker 0: So after you launch your ads, the ads go out

[501:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. And this gives you an opportunity to present and gather feedback to see how does the marketplace respond to actually have people tell you what their own words that they type up? What do they want to learn? What are they struggling with. And then you're able to combine that with your offer idea that you came up with originally, and craft your offer in a way that actually resonates and connects with people without the feedback loop? It's almost certain that your offer is going to fail most of the time. And by failure, you might get one sale to sales and struggle to have any sort of momentum that is worth worth putting out there. Are there anomalies where if somebody comes in and they have a lot of experience with their market, and they instantly make six figures?

[515:12] Speaker 0: Sure. There are

[516:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it is it reasonable to be disappointed with yourself?

[516:59] Speaker 0: Just answer this that you

[518:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't have the results that somebody else who spent more time with their market and gathered more feedback does? No, absolutely not, it's not reasonable to be upset with yourself at that point. That is that is that's a that's an unreasonable self criticism to feel like, okay, I should be further ahead than somebody who has way more feedback about their market, maybe they've been running a practice, maybe they've been coaching one on one for years. And they have all this client data. And so when you're starting, your goal is to get real human beings in front of you that you can get feedback from, that you can then develop offers around what they want. And now this is one thing that does challenge people is it has, it's not about what you want to deliver to people. It's always only about what they actually

[533:47] Speaker 0: want. And I found this to be

[535:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: the case where people have a great message inside of them. And they know that it can help people. But they're communicating it in a way that they resonate with. And it's completely disconnected from the desires, or what the target person that they can actually help once. And usually it's based off of some experience that you had in the past, where you help somebody with that information. And now you're attached to I need to find that type of person, when in fact, that might have been an anomaly situation. And it's not a repeatable situation to where you can actually run ads and do a presentation and find those people to produce the result with and so what that ends up doing is you end up beating a dead horse trying to make something happen, that is not going to actually happen. I see people do this often as well is where they they had a vision for an offer. They felt really good about it and it doesn't produce a result and they keep pushing the offer out there because they were taught well just trust the process. Just keep doing it. Just keep doing it. Just keep doing it. No you have to tweak if your offer didn't work. It points to one thing and one thing only your your messaging of how you communicated on your sales copy your Facebook ad and the and whatever or, or whatever resource of traffic that you actually got people. So if it was a JV partner, what the JV partners are communicating with people was disconnected with the offer, what the email that you sent out to people was disconnected with what they actually want,

[564:26] Speaker 0: what the hot podcaster,

[565:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: or the other channel that you are on whatever that is, whatever method of getting eyeballs on your offer, there are the messaging that first connects with a person and then points them to your offer the words and language

[570:55] Speaker 0: on the sales letter in the

[571:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: messaging, and it doesn't have to be a paid ad on Facebook, it could literally be you have a business partner that sends an email out to his list. But if it's not connected with what the offer is, it'll fall flat, and it won't get any sales. No matter how much trust is built with that we've seen this, we've tested this.

[575:55] Speaker 0: And so traffic sources

[577:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: can have a number of different avenues. A traffic source could be a JV partner, it could be your organic social media, it could be a blog post, it could be your website, it could be your email list, it could be somebody else's email list, my favorite traffic source to actually get new clients is paid advertising, because it's actually the most consistent, it's actually the most predictable, because you have a lot more control over showing your offer to the right person. And so when you're running a paid ad, but this also applies to all the other traffic sources as well. If the messaging that you're communicating the value of your offer is disconnected with what the target person wants and desires. Even if it's connected to what you actually do with people, it'll fall flat, it won't produce any money, it won't produce any cash flow, because the process of making the connection

[592:28] Speaker 0: with a person.

[593:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you make a connection with somebody, you present to them and they have an option to either

[595:34] Speaker 0: leave, ignore or purchase.

[597:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So you make a connection with somebody from a traffic source. This is a person that you made a connection from a traffic source, they hear a presentation, and their choice

[600:21] Speaker 0: is either to leave, ignore it, or to purchase and some people

[601:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: ignore it right here, they don't even go check out the presentation.

[602:52] Speaker 0: Because here's the only reason

[603:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: why you want to know why people don't show up to your presentation, I'm gonna say it in a way that probably gonna be the harshest way I can actually say it, but I need to say it this way. They don't think it's worth their time to listen to a word you say. That's it. They don't think it's worth their time to set aside time in their life, to listen to

[608:55] Speaker 0: you.

[609:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: They do not believe that spending a minute of their time to hear what you have to say, is worth their time. And they would rather scroll social media.

[613:32] Speaker 0: And so that's what you're up against, is when people aren't showing

[615:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: up to your presentation, they don't even believe it's worth the time to show up. And why is that? Because the copy the words the messaging, didn't connect with them. Yeah, but they signed up. That means nothing. A lot of people sign up for things that they never show up for. They could just be Funnel Hacking you and looking at what your funnel is.

[622:17] Speaker 0: That's it.

[623:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what your mission is, is that you have to make it irresistible from this moment where they make the decision, see what you're selling people on your sales copy, before you even do the presentation is to actually show up and listen to the presentation and to actually show up and give you feedback.

[628:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you when I when you get people that show up in a Facebook group that give you feedback that ask questions that register for a VIP, they have made a decision that it is worth their time to invest into being present with you. Now this may challenge some of you especially if you've experienced abandonment trauma.

[636:02] Speaker 0: I'm not gonna go really deep into this. But this,

[637:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: this may be an exact picture of all of the abusive relationships that you've had. Where you show up and give it your best But you weren't worth the time for somebody to spend the time with as what they said, or what their behavior told you. And so this may literally be triggering relationship trauma in your life, that you're projecting into a business scenario. So again, this is why we have to learn the emotional self control, to not let our past

[647:04] Speaker 0: stop us

[648:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: from doing the things that we're called to do. Okay. Again, that's not for everybody. But I know that for some people, the reason that you're not putting an offer out there it was. And how do I know that for some people, that's the case, because it was the case for me. It was the case for me, the reason why I was afraid to actually go out there and put a coaching program out there

[654:35] Speaker 0: was because I

[655:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: was terrified of people joining my program, and then quitting and leaving, and it was triggering my abandonment issues. And for the first six months of this program, anytime somebody would ask for, you know, to cancel, I would literally spend an hour on the couch balled up. Now some of you are laughing internally as to like what a psychopath I am, that I would even do that type of juvenile ridiculous behavior, right. That's what you're thinking your judgment, others of you are feeling empathy, for the pain that I experienced. That's the wide range of people that we have in a program like this. And that's okay. And so I'm not here to try to validate to you that what I did was okay or not, that was my experience, it was very painful for me. Each time somebody would cancel our program, each time somebody would say, Hey, I enjoyed it for a month, but I'm gone because I was so attached to my identity was tied to getting results for people. And I was letting it stop me from even marketing and finding people with my offers. And this is why we were struggling to get sales. We were struggling to get sales. And I had to work through okay, what this behavior of me being on the couch devastated that another human being made a perfectly reasonable decision to not work with me, like you see how ridiculous that is inside, when I talk about

[679:51] Speaker 0: it. That I would literally, like possibly some of

[681:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: you are therapists saying I need to be committed for that behavior.

[683:22] Speaker 0: And yet, that was stopping me

[683:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: from putting offers out there to connect with people, because I didn't want to go through that process every single time that I had people come in. And so I had to learn a I had to have self compassion on that behavior for myself, to not have judgment, to not look at myself, like I'm stupid or worthless or, or not worthy of coaching people. See, I had messages in my head that said, if you act like that, Jeremiah, nobody deserves to listen to you. You have, if you act like that, Jeremiah, you have no right to coach a single person. And that was the internal belief that was processing. And spinning in my head was this criticism internally telling me that I wasn't good enough

[695:44] Speaker 0: yet to help anybody, even though I had a track record

[697:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: of building multi million dollar coaching businesses.

[698:22] Speaker 0: And so

[699:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: listen, whether you resonate with that story or not. I know some of you may have may, some of you may have completely lost all respect for me for that story. But that's the risk that I take, that I'm willing to take for running a training like this for running and building a program like this. And so what you have to do is you have to work on as well, what are those beliefs internally that are actually stopping me from going through the steps from being willing to put a presentation out there to launch an offer? Now, this training is not specifically this eight hours that we're going to be spending together. I'm going to show you how the schedule breaks down here in just a second. This eight hours that we're going to be spending together is not going to be geared around the actual presentation itself. We have an upcoming class in our coaching program, where I'm going to be going into details on what do you say during a live presentation, presentation secrets presentation strategy that is coming up in the next in the next two weeks is we're going to be starting that course. Right there. Okay. We have our funnel strategy course that's in there that was requested by a number of people We have the courses, as I mentioned in their about landing page and copy, but we're going to focus on during these two days together

[722:27] Speaker 0: is, what's it going to take to get you

[723:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: to the point where you're ready to launch your ads? Okay, so we're going to focus on steps one through four, specifically, and what is stopping you at each step? And what do you need to know that's going to allow you to launch your offer, that's why it's called the offer Launchpad mastermind experience, because it's going to be an experience. The last couple times we've had this we've had people crying, we've had people say that it was it was better than therapy we've had. We've gotten rave reviews off of this time together, because it's an immersive environment. And whether you can stay for each session or not. That's, that's, that's up to you. But I would encourage you to at least take advantage of the time where we get to work with you on your copy, where we're going to spend time together, this is the next best thing to our copywriting rewrite calls and what we're doing on our Monday sessions, and doing a one on one coaching session with me because I'm able to dive deep with you into your copy to work with you on your copy, to work with you on your landing page, your funnel your ads, and to help give you some clarity in this process. Okay, if you're stuck on your niche, that's fine, too. Again, don't feel bad about that. And the reason why the six steps are what they are, is you'll go through these steps. These are obviously for the steps. Step five is the it's really feedback and presentation. The six steps are starting to evolve, the more that I teach them. Feedback and presentation is step number is step number five, because you're gathering that feedback, and you're presenting simultaneously at the same time. And then step number six is you're analyzing those results. And then oftentimes, based on those results, we go back to, okay, we got to tweak our offer copy, we're going to tweak our landing page, and then we're going to put another offer out there again, and see if the response is different. Okay, so I want to get you to where either you're launching your second offer, or third offer or whatever offer it is to where whatever offer you have, you're not stuck, you're not saying okay, six months from now, I still haven't made a chat GPT account yet. I still don't know what my niche is okay. And, and I get it even in a setting like this. It's okay, if you are stuck nine months from now, still, obviously, I just want to mention that that's where the self acceptance comes in. That's where the self compassion comes in. One of the worst thing that you can do is have this energy of, of trying to beat yourself into taking action. Okay? If that works for you, I guess Go ahead. But you're not going to get that for me here. What I want to see though, is some sort some sort of forward momentum with this group that's here. Okay. So I'm going to write down as far as what the session times are. I'm gonna, I'm gonna put this here on the screen here. When we have a break coming up here. We have a number of different breaks during these days as well. So step number one right now, is we have session one that's at 10am. Central 11am Eastern. And then at 11am, from 11am to 11:15am, there's a break, okay, session two will be

[783:19] Speaker 0: at 11 11:15am to 12:15pm,

[787:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: not 15 PM, and then we go on lunch

[788:55] Speaker 0: from 12:15pm to

[792:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: help at 10pm to oh it was the time that we done. This was this. I might need to work backwards here. My brain gets all twisted when it comes to this type of stuff. We're gonna stop at four o'clock. So we're gonna go three o'clock

[796:43] Speaker 0: to four o'clock PM. That session number four. We're going to do a break from two 40 5pm to three

[802:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: o'clock PM. Yep. And so then session three falls into

[805:02] Speaker 0: what's gonna be at 145 1:45pm 1:45pm? To 2:45pm. Okay. So this is

[807:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to be for both days, days one and two, that's going to be our time schedule right here

[811:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's in Central time, if we want to do this for

[813:16] Speaker 0: Eastern

[814:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: so 11am to 12pm. Eastern. Just you just add an hour to it. For Eastern. Okay, I'll type that up here in a second. So I'm excited just to spend this time with you. I have not been looking at the chat or anything. We have a couple of people that have raised their hands. Let me look through here just real quick. And see what everybody has been saying. Not too loud.

[824:39] Speaker 0: Take a call.

[825:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Every time you go, every time I go forward in life Life happens had to push through this last time. Yeah, life happens. Absolutely.

[827:56] Speaker 0: All feedback is good. Well, I

[831:02] Speaker 0: started started watching.

[832:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Total empathy for that action because I Yep, exactly. I've had to learn how to focus more on people who stay rather than those who leave. Exactly.

[834:36] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[835:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, I'll type in with the with the pacific time as to here. I'm just not going to spend like the next 10 minutes doing it with everybody on camera. Um, all right.

[838:24] Speaker 0: Cindy, you have your hand raised? I just wondered if you're going to stop the recordings at these. So they're our breaks or keep it going?

[841:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, they will be there'll be they'll have our breaks on the recordings?

[843:00] Speaker 0: Yes. Um, yeah. Any?

[844:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, any feedback is? I'm not sure. It's something that we want to take. See? Not

[846:30] Speaker 0: that.

[847:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure I totally agree that all feedback is good. As far as like that we should take on or consider. Because honestly, somebody's telling me, I should go to prison. Like, I'm not going to consider that. It's information about them. It's not anything information about about me. But yeah, it's more like it's I can accept all feedback. But I'm not going to be like okay, I need to now, I used to have this. The reason why I'm saying this Andy is I used to have this crazy belief that all feedback should be heavily considered. And it would put me into a mental, just insanity doing that. But yeah, I mean, if that's somebody's opinion, and honestly, I think it's people projecting what I'm not saying into the scenario. A lot of people the reason why they say that is they think that what I teach about leading with the outcome means that I'm justifying defrauding people with fraudulent coaching products. And that's not the case, I do not encourage any of you to scam anybody or to sell fake coaching, or make fake promises at all. But when it comes to that boldness that's out there, it's the difference between me saying I put this on a training in my copy, I'm going to teach you guys how to use chat GPT versus I'm going to show you how to make eight figures in a coaching business. Those the strength behind the statement of I'm going to teach you how to make eight figures in the coaching business carries a certain weight that I'm going to teach you how to use chat GPT

[874:23] Speaker 0: doesn't carry you know,

[875:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can learn chat GBT from a bunch of YouTube videos. There's not a lot of people qualified to teach you to make six, seven and eight figures in coaching. Now the other thing too is is that it's I found it's highly unbelievable to most people. If I say I'm going to teach you how to make eight figures. Most people don't even believe it. is possible to teach somebody how to make six figures. So I lead with generally, that's where I look at, okay? What is the client that I'm wanting to attract? What is their next milestone. And so most of the clients that we work with, they need to just get to their first six figures, and then multiple six figures, and then seven figures, and then eight figures. And so we've tested as well in our messaging, that if I just lead with, I'm going to show you how to make eight figures, I get almost no people showing up for my trainings. I get almost no people wanting to learn how to do that, because they feel like that goal is unattainable and unrealistic. And so that feedback, right there is, okay. I actually did two coaching sessions last year, how to build a seven figure coaching business, nobody showed up and nobody bought from me. So like, like, I see that as that's a that's a good thing, actually, in my mind, because now that tells me what not to do. That tells me what copy not to do, because now we've proven okay, this doesn't work exactly that way. How do we need to communicate it in the way that's going to work with other people? Cindy says you're speaking about I didn't get any attend to Oh, yeah, totally. Yes, that's great. Yeah, not getting attendees, and it has nothing to do with your worthiness, or anything like that. It's just let's tweak the the sales copy. And so what I'm excited to do is to is to spend this time with you going through this process, I have a question for those that are on here right now live. Okay. Two questions, and then we're gonna go into our break. How many of you still don't know what your niches and that's okay. And we don't want to be embarrassed by that? How many are still struggling to pick a niche? Still struggling to pick an idea of what to do? Or maybe your niche is too broad? Is that what it is? Yeah. Okay. That's, I think that's still dials into the copy, because you at least know what direction to go in. So so it doesn't look like there's anybody on here, or they're just not there. They're too embarrassed to share with anybody, which there's no reason to be embarrassed. Um, there's no nobody on here that's really stuck on their niche. And I think that's because we've done a really good job of providing a lot of free surface level training to help people with that.

[920:03] Speaker 0: Is that a graphics card? John? Yes, it is. What is it? An ATI Oh, cool. Video.

[923:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I recognize this Oh, tech box. So

[924:12] Speaker 0: for them, but I'm not three of them don't seem to be working. So I don't want to sell them all. But I can't sell them unless I know they're working.

[927:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, totally. Okay, so it sounds like most people know like, what direction they go on with their niche. So that's where though? Well, I think whatever a lot of people we need is let's dial in that copy, let's get more specific, let's get more specific to that outcome. Or if you have your copy bill, you're stuck on the funnel strategy and the ad side of things. So that's what it's looking like, especially it's just that this group here for this week, is that you're in this territory right here. So we're not really going to touch a whole lot on the niche side of things too much. I might touch a little bit on how this can apply to this. Um, the next thing that you want to do is you want to change your niche. Okay, we can talk about some of that as well. The other thing is

[943:17] Speaker 0: what was I saying? I lost my train of thought there

[945:43] Speaker 0: Yeah, it takes

[945:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: making some some decisions with your copy

[947:30] Speaker 0: that

[948:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: we end up ultimately either avoiding or we don't know how to communicate it or we don't know what to say, or how to say it or what's appropriate when it comes to actually creating copy that is specific enough. Now I have seen people go to specific as well. Okay. So we want to also not get too specific with that copy. We're going to be talking about that as well. What I want you to do though for everybody here is if you could write down just in the chat in your own time if you're watching this who is your like who is your your customer? Write this down? Who is your customer?

[959:35] Speaker 0: What problem do they have? of what solution

[960:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you offer them? What methodology Are you use to deliver that solution? What type of coaching what kind of modality of coaching do you use to bring that solution about? And then and this is probably the most challenging? What is the top like 1% outcome that somebody would get from working with you as a coach these questions then we work backwards and that's what we integrate into actually creating our offer. So that then the idea is the people that you're reaching know exactly what you know about the offer. And they end up connecting with that. Okay. Mary, I will answer that question when we come back since we have our break here. We will talk about that when it comes to niching down in this in this offer copy segment will be kind of going over that into the next into the next segment here. Okay. So we're gonna take our break here for 15 minutes. We will be back in 15.

[980:00] Speaker 0: I'll see you then.

