VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-12-22T23:11:17.000Z
Duration: 107 min
Otter ID: hAtwy1iUtYtiCLMlkqoUJ8p2D6Y
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[5:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: now let's see let's go live on Facebook

[9:40] Speaker 2: right

[14:11] Speaker 2: there we go awesome

[16:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty. Hello, hello, hello. Hello, everybody welcome into our VIP. Welcome on over. Listen, thanks everybody for being here again, I wanted to just take a minute to express my apologies to those that we've inconvenience with our delayed start of the VIP here today. You know, my commitment to delivering exceptional content? Well, that's no excuse for being tardy. I understand that some of y'all are less than thrilled by the fact that we have not respected your time with the VIP here. And so I want to come in front of that and acknowledge that I fully understand that I may have completely lost all trust that I ever built with you for the fact that we have not been on time with our start time for this here today. I have been really wanting to make sure that we brought the content to people as far as that goes. But I understand again, that's not okay with everybody. And so please forgive me. And for everybody else, I'm here to take your questions. We'll be here for the next hour or more if we need to. As far as that goes, if you need need, you know, some additional time we got tomorrow's q&a session, and we have the session on Wednesday as well. And that will actually be starting right at 2pm. Eastern 1pm Central. So that will be on time as far as that goes. But again, thank you, everybody. Your feedback is important to me. i It matters I wouldn't be able to do without your feedback. And so the feedback that some of y'all are not happy with this, completely understand. All right, anybody who want to raise your hand got questions here today, about about this about what we've gone over these last five days about the process. I'd love to take your questions, I'd love to help you. And I'd love to answer that with you. Raise your hand or Judy Keating. What's up, Judy, how are you?

[52:51] Speaker 3: I'm well, thank you, Jeremiah. Um, I wanted to ask about the Facebook course that's in the accelerator, which I do plan to join. Is does it show you how to set the controls and Facebook to target your audience?

[57:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes, it does. Yeah, it goes through all of that. And it goes in depth as to how to make that decisions, like what the right decisions are to do that. And then how you also because there's a few steps and processes to that. So like, when you're targeting, if you don't have an audience already, you do broad targeting, if you do have an audience, that gives you a little bit of an advantage that you can build a look alike audience around. And our goal is for everybody to basically use look alike audiences because that's the best way to target an effective look alike audience. So like for my business, everybody who visits the Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator page, and anybody who purchases a VIP, those are tracked in Facebook. And I told Facebook, to target people that are only like those people who check the accelerator out and have upgraded to my VIP. So it's cool as that gets the algorithm to actually show my ads to the people that are the most similar to who actually jumps into our program who actually joins our VIP. So again, my goal is to get as many people in the VIPs to get as many people in the accelerator and then I'm able to tell Facebook, just take and over the last year I think we've had close to like 3000 Send people total in that group of people. So that's a really good like, audience, Facebook will basically find, okay, what do all these 3000 people have in common, and it will go to work with its AI, you don't even have to do anything with it. And they'll they'll decide, okay, here's how we target and find people that are more like those people, because then it's gonna rank basically, it's ranking all your behaviors, it's ranking how we all interact on social media, and all of that. And then it knows how to find new people that I've never met before, that are just like everybody else who we're already connecting with. And so that's where it gets really exciting, is we're able to actually find very qualified people, but by targeting that way.

[91:10] Speaker 3: Okay, and that's, that's something you teach in the accelerator, and the course starts you on the path of,

[92:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yeah, that's in that's in that Facebook ads basics course. That is actually our, our whole process of running Facebook ads for coaching. Yeah. Awesome. And so that's, that's there a part of that?

[95:28] Speaker 3: One other really quick question, one audience that I really want to serve I've not proactively served them yet, is women who are physically disabled, okay. And that's not something that people necessarily put in their profiles. Some people do, some people don't,

[100:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. But that again, that's that's where your sales copy would make that pretty clear. To people, again, they, Facebook may not let you run an ad that focuses on that, though, I'm not sure if they will or not, because they try to any sort of like personally identifiable things like that they kind of restrict on because they find like, that's, it's a way to take advantage of people they consider it, you know, and so, but there are ways to actually be able to target that. And again, it can be like a multi step process. So like, for instance, I bring people into my webinar, the five day we got the VIP. And so I'm telling Facebook, just find me, the people who go to the finish line with me, similar to those people. Okay, and so that, so that takes basically, all the other amazing people that don't get to the finish line, I tell Facebook to not include them in that audience as far as that goes. So if you include your audience with people that maybe are disabled, then it will, because I'll say, it does know, the algorithm does know who's disabled and who's not, how does it know that by the messages, you send people by the websites you visit, by the content you consume, and by the Facebook groups that you use. And so it creates a algorithmic anonymized version of understanding very clearly who people are and categorizing them. As far as that goes. That's why for a lot of people, like who do faith based and spiritual based stuff, is it'll find people that are looking for that type of spirituality that are looking for that faith. And so they actually removed all faith based targeting and a lot of the clients I worked with, they were all faith based people, they removed all the targeting for faith based. But as long as we were able to create an offer that was around a specific faith, that algorithm was going to be able to find the right people for us. And so there's, there's ways to do that, you're just what you're really doing is you're feeding it, you want to get people that identify to the group that you want to target to take a specific action with you. So for instance, for me, it's two actions, upgrading to the VIP, and looking at like actually visiting the accelerator page itself. And so those two actions are the most qualified people. For me, anybody who does that, and then I just tell the algorithm, okay, go find me more people like those people. Perfect. Thank you. Yep. And so yeah, so if you have a program that specifically for a certain demographic or group of people, it'll find those Yeah, you know, big brother is totally watching. There's a, there's a, there's a, there's a Netflix special called the social dilemma. And they, they call it attention trafficking on there, they try to demonize it. A lot of the people who created the algorithms to do this, they don't like it. They don't like that it's possible to do this, but it exists. And what it is, is it's our ability to basically guide the attention of people to certain offers. Here's the thing, there's enough negativity out there in the world. As coaches and mentors, we might literally be the only positive light that shows up on the newsfeed for some people. And that's 100% why I feel more than okay with using these tools to find the right people I'm looking for, you know, and that's because I actually I actually had a little bit of a like feeling of like, I was like, Oh, my goodness, as like, you know, is this ethical for me to use these tools when they're available, they're not illegal to use. And because what I'm doing brings so much positivity to people. And there's, there's already there's people that are negative, there's people that are not as, that don't have as much integrity as I do. Again, I try not to be really judgmental of people, but like there are there are people, they market coaching, and then literally don't deliver the coaching, they end it with the sale, like once you buy, okay, that's it, and they don't serve you, they promise all these things, and then they don't actually deliver. And that's way too prevalent in the coaching industry. Again, you know, we're not going to be perfect for everybody, there's going to be outliers, a small percentage of that. But if you're operating out of integrity, and you're and you really care about serving people, and helping people and creating results, creating the results that you're promising, the promise isn't just a hook to get people to buy. But it is also how you actually build your reputation, and impact people as well. So and, and what we're all doing is I think all of us, at least that are here, I find that the people that I attract to calls like this, especially day five of my intensive is all very positive people. I mean, it's like, you know, we would all just be suit like, like super happy in a room together. That's what I love about our accelerator, too. Like, the energy in our accelerator with that group is I can tangibly feel a different level of positivity than most of what's on social media. And that's by design, to, you know, the algorithm knows where I'm looking for more positive people. Is what it is. So, all right, Sandra, what's up, Sandra? How are you? Yes,

[190:43] Speaker 2: I'm fine. Are you doing Jeremiah? Thank you for now, that

[191:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: was helpful for you. I was really thinking about you. And I was talking. Yes,

[193:05] Speaker 2: it definitely was, especially when you were talking about building trust. And I mean, these are things that I've read about and you know, heard about me for many years, everybody teaches it. But it's some about what you brought home today. And that's what made me make that comment about bling. Bling. Gary. Glen Ross. Yeah, yeah. And the passion in that scene when he was just talking to him like a friend. Right. He was selling him junk.

[202:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Right. Yeah. And we're not selling junk either. Nuts the cool part.

[204:08] Speaker 2: That is what I love. That's the beautiful part. And I think I've been thinking at even I think I've been thinking of my whole launch the whole thing and in in the wrong way. And people do It's okay. It seems like what you've been trying to get across to us is that the the most important thing, what what what we're learning how to do is to use these offers to give content and provide value, but also use it as a way to upsell our big offer. Oh, yeah. This is why to do that. This is what this is why you should trust me so it's not about me. Okay, let me launch this and let me see who's gonna buy? No, it's about and I have an email list and I have a Facebook following people I recognize who responsible and all this stuff

[221:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have at least like 100 or 200 people on your email list.

[221:54] Speaker 2: No, I got like 90

[223:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's good, though. You So what's cool about that is is like once you get it, get a couple 100 people you can create that look alike audience which is fun.

[225:17] Speaker 2: Oh, really? Okay. I hadn't even thought I saw that on the Facebook ads. Manager. Yeah.

[226:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's the other thing is is like those leads that are on your email list. Those are what are some of the most qualified that you can market to? Hmm,

[228:51] Speaker 2: I NC The thing is, is like you said, the email list and I hadn't really been, you know, trying to focus so much on that than just trying to focus on getting more likes on my Facebook page. And I have like 49 Yeah, on there. And I recognize the people is the same people that always respond to my posts. And I've been trying to grow that but now I have a different way of thinking because, yeah, I really need to do something different, you know, with producing an offer that's going to draw them into the big offer. Well, it's about building more trust, and I have no trouble with building value. And yeah, and giving away content, it's great. I do it all the time been doing it. Um, so I just want to thank you for kind of bringing that home because in actuality, and I'm going to close with this, what you're teaching and what the accelerator appears to offer is something that's not just applicable to, it's applicable to any industry, like, especially for a writer, screenwriter and author, we tend to not want to market or sell, we just want to write and let somebody else do the job. But in this day and age, you got to do both, you got to do both. And a lot of screenwriters, especially with the strike, they're having to, you know, find different ways to monetize their work, and authors are doing the same thing. So it really is very valuable information you're giving. And I just want to thank you. Yeah,

[259:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're welcome. I love that. So and again, like, you guys can tell like I I'm not about it, like a high pressure, sales pitch or anything like that, I want it to be a good fit for those that are in there. That are that's why we do the 30 day trial period. One thing I'll say to what you just said, Sandra is a lot of people, especially authors, books, especially like your first like, couple books, even for an author, are usually not going to like make you super rich as an author, they're usually more to build trust, just like training or a lead magnet of that kind. And, and to nurture that connection with people that you're that you're talking with. And so I think shifting our perspective about content, I think that's another thing too, I think sometimes we can, like, oh, this content is so valuable, it's valuable to us, it's valuable to those that have the ears to hear. But we sort of have to present it and for lack of a better word, we have to even posture the content just a little bit, we have to frame it in a way that demonstrates that value. So like, for instance, making people register for a five day or a training and give you their email address, or even to pay you seven bucks $27 To access it, raises it to a level of just it's another piece of content to like, oh, this has actually has a value to it. And people think twice and really that's another thing. I hadn't really worded it this way, but you want people to think twice about do I really want this. And and for the right people, they're gonna be like, Heck, yes. Anything I need to do to get this information, I will do it. But the ones who are not, they'll kind of be like, I'm not sure if this is really what I want. And that's a good thing. A big part of what actually brings your adds cost and development cost and your profits up. And this is a little bit more of an advanced strategy. I used to talk about this a lot and people misunderstood it a lot. But I'll talk about it right now, is you need to not just attract the right people, but you want your offer to simultaneously repel the ones who are not a good fit for you. Because the algorithm will show you more of the right people, when the ones who it's not a good fit for very clearly no, okay, maybe this isn't what I'm actually looking for which for instance, like you said, Sandra, this information applies to a lot of different industries. However, for me to market to all these different industries would not be wise. Because and that's what I was trying to do. In the beginning of my business. I was trying to reach everybody with this information, honing in on coaches, consultants, mentors, trainers, authors, people that have some kind of information that they want to give people. And then also, there's a subset of that they want to do it on the internet, that's another subset. And then another subset of that is they want to make money. Because I've met people they want to have a coaching business online, but they actually do not want to make money and they're actually very offended by the idea of charging for their coaching. And so I've actually found when I put I strategically put a lot of statements about the monetary value on my offer. When I didn't do and I tested this like six months ago, when I didn't put the word six figures or seven figures or like the monitor. I didn't like make it about the money because I have a lot of people that are like it doesn't know all about the mind Baba If I had all these people that joined listen to my training, and they got really offended that I was talking about sales, they were very upset that we were talking about charging. And so by me actually putting the monetary tag on there, create and launch your program, your offer to six figures, that little six figure tag serves to repel those that don't want to make it about the money. And it attracts the right ones, which is really, really, really cool. So yeah. Awesome. Thank you. Hey, Sarah. Hey, thanks. Thanks for Thanks for saying that. I appreciate that.

[332:29] Speaker 2: Yeah, not yet. I really appreciate you. So yeah, I

[333:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: appreciate you, too.

[333:36] Speaker 2: I'm gonna think about signing up. Um, it's in my head right now.

[335:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Did you have any questions about about it?

[336:43] Speaker 2: Um, well, I know that we can off to pay. I mean, obviously, that it's, yeah, without need to do month, per month, and it and it would not, it would only be like 166 per month. Coming out. And after 30 days, we just, if we change our mind, we, we, we get our money back.

[345:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, you get that first payment back. And we just say, Hey, I love like, you know, full love and blessing to you. And you know, like, part ways. That's it? Yeah. Okay, yeah, super easy. We make it really easy, because here's the thing I don't like, I believe, okay. I don't talk about this a lot, either. And I need to a lot more. I, I, my faith in Jesus tells me but it's also just the golden rule. Do unto others what you want them to do to you. I don't like when people don't do what they say that they're going to do. And, and, and, and I would like to have an opportunity to to try things out before I do them. And, and if it's not a good fit, right, you know, I, I actually bought a video game. Yeah, same with Judy. Exactly. Well, it's got the, it's got a similar route there too. You know, the, anyways. The reason why I offer that 30 days is because I want people to be able to really, like, test it out, see if they like it, see if it's a good fit. And if it's not. Like, that's why there's a lot of people, they offer free trials, and I'll say this, and then they go into like this really hardcore sales pitch mode when you ask for your money back. And that's, that's just something that from day one I committed to not do is that by the time somebody if they're joined the program, and they leave after 30 days, you know, I want to honor that decision of theirs as well. And so that was just a little extra part about that, because that's what I would want somebody to do for me. So, all right. Um, let's see. Anybody else got any other questions? I see. We actually have some of our accelerator members in here, too. I know. Craig is in there. Ave is in there. In fact, Bobby wood, are you able to come up on camera here? We didn't talk about this beforehand. But are you are you able to chat a little bit?

[380:06] Speaker 4: Come on, come on camera. I'm sorry. Okay.

[380:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, no, but just what would you say? Like about what your experience was? Especially? Because I think you were a little bit skeptical even kind of when you first joined and and how is the experience been for the last the last year for you?

[385:37] Speaker 4: Yeah, it was, I was skeptical about myself. Because

[387:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe in you ave, I truly do and I believe in you so much. I really do.

[388:57] Speaker 4: And sometimes what happens is, I mean, it's just life experiences. When I'm skeptical about myself, I want to put it on you and say that I'm skeptical about you. But

[391:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you know, right self awareness right there too. Right? Yes.

[393:19] Speaker 4: All along. For me, actually, I don't know if I'm able to relate with people and that's really not what my intention is. But for me. The the mindset was, was not going to be a problem for me, but the skill set so two major reasons for me to hang around for as long as I have been. And there have been A couple of significant challenges in life not in business, but in life that I that I haven't moved on. But the two things was about the skill set when I mean, I want to know the skills, what it takes, and the books and the knowledge that Jeremiah brings to the table number one. And number number two for me was, it is really good to see someone who is making things happen in their own life, which is Jeremiah. And then you can see Savannah and I attended a lot of meetings like this VIPs and even regular sessions outside of CGA trainings and CGA meetings.

[410:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's the CGA is the acronym for client growth accelerator? So we, we shortened it down to CGA when we're talking about it internally, right. And

[412:32] Speaker 4: for me to see, you know, that we're sometimes you would still make little mistakes, but I mean, I'm not your judge, the point is, and you would, you would even suffer because of your own mistakes, and they are not seeing their large mistakes, but, but then to, to attend such events and to see and then you talk about in in CGA, and to learn from that it actually becomes part of you, which is of me, and then that is only going to help me, you know, so I don't know if I'm able to relate with him with anyone here. I mean, just because I had a chance to talk I'm just sharing with you and sorry, I couldn't come on the video because I'm at a place where I just could not

[423:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you're fine. No worries. No Hey, thanks for sharing that and I just I appreciate that. And you know, I I've loved I've seen the growth in you by the way your your your communication ability has like massively improved from in the last year. Like how you communicate your thoughts. It's incredible to see that transformation in somebody

[430:38] Speaker 4: yet.

[431:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, thank you. Yeah, definitely. It's funny Abby and I when I'll say this is transparently like when when he first joined I was like, Man, this guy is he's a he's a little bit rough for me to for me to work with. I hope I can help them and, and not because like you were rude or anything, it was just like, Okay, I spent some days of prayer I was like God like I want to help have a be successful. And that's something by the way that I do I do I pray for all our members. I pray for them by name. And I say Lord, it's not that they need to change but helped me grow to be able to bring what they need to hear. And so and I just whether you whether you share the same faith as me or not that's that's what I do. So anyways, what's up Mark? How are you? Mark has a couple questions. Are you at your your at your your work party those texts? Mm hmm. If you can unmute you can but yeah, if you want to if you want to text him and let us know. The mandatory party Is it is it fun at least.

[451:27] Speaker 0: Okay, there we go. There we go. Actually,

[452:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: did you run the back? No.

[452:56] Speaker 0: No, I did my obligatory sticking around. It's where I work. Jeremiah is I work at a prep school that is that specializes in. In basketball I, Director of basketball director, director of basketball development, I coached the coaches we have five teams, one girls team for boys teams, by coach the coaches I engaged with the players.

[459:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I can't think of a better person to run the and direct that than you.

[461:17] Speaker 0: You know, I It's so, so funny. Thank you. It's so funny that there are times and I only say this, I it actually it's hard for me to say this but I'm gonna say I'm starting to be able to express kind of how I feel about this I have a way more oh my gosh, modest approach to it. But with the experience I have like there probably isn't a scenario that I haven't experienced that these coaches do. I coached everything from girls and boys Middle School, all the way through elite high school to college. So I There are times when it's so funny because when you have access to someone who has expertise, you should really take advantage of and you should ask a ton of questions and I find that like some of the people that I I helped mentor some of them don't ask me any questions. Yes, like come on now. Like certainly I can help you. But

[477:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I literally had the same problem when I started with my with my coaching business and it was like it would almost like kind of pissed me off a little bit. Yeah,

[479:42] Speaker 0: I A Shameless, Shameless plug here I listened to I like at my last podcast, I like it, too. And, and I like his I like his individual one. He had one the other day. And it just talked about, he had a guy on his plane for three hours, who was an entrepreneur. And his whole podcast was a mini podcast about communication and the importance of listening as a communicator, and he said, the guy was on his plane for three hours. And he never asked him a question. He talked for three hours about himself. He's like, I'm here to actually help you like, like, why wouldn't you ask me questions, you know? So anyway?

[489:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I know, some people. Some people don't want to bother you. I've found they don't want to, or they're afraid of looking stupid. That could be. Yeah, he

[492:09] Speaker 0: actually he actually came to the guy's defense. He said, I actually think he was nervous. It wasn't that. Probably nervous. But anyway, it was it is. It's unbelievable. I love his short ones. He had a 30 minute one, just on listening. I took copious notes, because I have a section where I coach coaches, and it's like, you have to know the stories of your player. Why do you know the stories of your player? If you're not able to really listen and really genuinely be interested in who they are as people, you know, outside off

[499:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: the court? And that's genuinely interested? Like, yes, yeah. Yeah. Like, yeah, like, like, that's not that's not faking it. Just get something out of them. Like, you gotta like, genuinely care. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I

[503:29] Speaker 0: have, I have a fascination with people in general. I love stories, I love their backgrounds, I love to hear different things. And but even if you don't have that, naturally, if you're gonna work with people, you have to cultivate that, you know what I mean? Like you have, like, it's just so important to show authentic care, because otherwise, it's transactional, and it doesn't last and you have no impact. But listen, I have, I'm just going to fire off relative to the accelerator program, I'm going to fire off these random thoughts. I'm not in my office, I don't have things written down, but I haven't on my brain, I just want to fire him off. And just if you don't mind, just sharing your thoughts about number one. I hesitancy is just that my space is so unique, Jeremiah, in that, especially, and we talked about earlier in the week, I probably will have two levels of an offer one level, where the market is huge. And I can have an impact as with parents, with parents, I don't need to be super technical, in terms of basketball, if that makes sense. I like the person who helps me the person who mentored me, doesn't have to know the game, you know, like that, or the business to the business of college basketball, the business of high level, basketball coaching is different even than the just the acumen of knowing basketball, if that makes sense. You know, if I, if I'm gonna, if I'm gonna coach coaches, I need to know the industry, I need to know how it works. How do you position yourself with your boss, how you getting the next job, how you climbing a ladder. So there's that. So the first level is probably going to be with parents. And so I don't need someone who really, really knows the game. But in coaching coaches, I'm concerned a little bit because the I say niche, I know you say niche, but the niche is such that it's it's really, really specialized. So one of the things is, how can the accelerator program help me when I'm when, what, by the way, I could be completely wrong. And I'm sure you have some great responses to what I'm saying even now. But that's one concern, because everyone else is in like, a space where you don't know it, like look, if it's financial people have a general knowledge if it's just, you know, life coaching people in general, but my, my particular space is really specialized. Okay. So, so that's one of the things. The other thing is access to you during the accelerator program, you know, how frequent is that? How often do you make yourself available because obviously, I think you have a great spirit, the way you go about it, is really winsome. And it like it makes you want to engage. So yeah, that's, that's a huge deal. And I really have other you know, really qualified people who, who know this space and can help and convince her so that's another one. The, the other one is the other one is that's why I write things down, down gone anyway, if you want

[551:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: to come down while you're saying it.

[553:10] Speaker 0: And then it seems like it seems like on the promoting side, it seems like you you really understand, have expertise in Facebook, and that's like, you know, I mean, your your, you think it really really works and you have a game plan with that, you know, if I'm going to promote via other social media I'm, I'm really got my nerve up to finally do some videos and some of them are going to be longer form YouTubes that then I can pull some stuff out and do short form in, in in Facebook and YouTube, Instagram and maybe even in Twitter. I've really reserved Twitter for all written stuff and I'm decently active on Twitter. But you know, do you have the ability Jeremiah to, to really coach and mentor using other platforms of promotion? By the way, I'm super, super interested in the Facebook piece two. I have any I have a personal Facebook, and I don't know how 850 friends and then I, I developed the coach Mark Phelps business, Facebook, I've actually tried to combine them I have someone who tried to help me and I don't think you can combine them. But you know, how do I best leverage? You know, all of the friends on my personal one they know I'm a coach. So it's almost like, it doesn't matter that it's not a business one, if that makes sense. So, you know, how do I how do I navigate that as well? So hey, I'm rambling. I'm in my car. I'm typically more prepared, because I have notes written down. But I got

[579:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got five minutes to listen to what I have to share on on those questions. Yes,

[581:43] Speaker 0: no, absolutely. So please, perfect. Let's I want to, and I definitely have, I got a combination of things that make me dangerous to deal with I have impostor syndrome, even though I shouldn't have. And I have a perfectionist, stupid ideal that like, hey, it's got to be perfect. Before I start, I know you've you've spoken on both of those. You don't need to address those two parts, I get it. You got to take a deep breath and just do what you got to do. But if you can comment on the other things relative to how, how the accelerator program can help me specifically? Yeah,

[590:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely. Um, I think I think because you have your experience in what your in your industry is, I think you there's a there's a different level of people too, that are like, perfectionist that have a lot of experience versus they have no experience. And so that manifests differently. So yeah, yeah. Cuz if somebody has no experience, and then they're perfectionist, it's like, we don't know what you don't know. So you got to really like, you can't really be perfect about something.

[599:13] Speaker 0: I said this before. I said this before, earlier in the week, maybe to you, I don't know, at some point. But if I make a comment, if I make a post on social media about a basketball issue, anything at all, I envision immediately, What Is Bill Self? What is J? Right? What is Tom is gonna think when they see my posts, Well, number one, they don't give a rip about my posts. Number two, if they did see my post, it would be it would be aligned with with high level basketball, because that I've been there, done that. And number three, who cares what they think you know what I mean? But that's, that's my mindset. If, like, I'm getting ready to do a couple videos, and, you know, I mean, I got notes on top of notes. Um, you know, do I do I follow a script? Do I Do I go with? Do I just have my my bullet points and ad lib? I've spoken publicly a ton of times in front of people like, so. So I have that part. I'm getting over that, like, seriously, like, yeah,

[616:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I can tell you're doing great.

[616:42] Speaker 0: You know, so I've been out of college basketball for four and a half years, and I've took a huge, huge hit financially because of that. And so that's, that's a concern, too. I'm willing to invest in the right stuff, but I just need to I need a little, you know, just just a little more totally. Yeah.

[621:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Well, the process, the process that we teach, it's specifically designed, it's not like all three methods. But like, it's the most cost effective. So like some of the software platforms. You can people can be successful spending like 50 to 100 bucks on some software platforms. As things grow, the prices go up, but usually you're making a profit margin by the time you have to pay more for those.

[629:41] Speaker 0: I have a go high level account right now. Okay. Yes. You know, how

[630:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: much this stuff costs. So yeah, exactly. And the

[631:28] Speaker 0: last thing just, you know, the last thing I have a younger guy, a younger guy who really is good in technology that we've partnered together and we have an arrangement with each other. We haven't done it we haven't made a ton of money. I'm doing camps and clinics and stuff like that, though. Yeah, yeah, no, he's a guy that that I trust with the technology super, super, super sharp. So he would be helping me kinda as I moved to

[638:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: have him in there. And that's what Okay, well is if he works with other clients too. He can Take this information. And I mean, it might help his his business if he's helping other people too. Yeah,

[642:08] Speaker 0: we're Yeah. And then here's the last thing I am, I am, from early in the morning to late at night actually busy doing basketball things that are not paying the bills that I need to carve out enough time to build the business, if that makes sense. Yeah,

[646:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, the good news about that is I mean, we've designed this because I saw firsthand all the people that I know who are the most successful, they did not spend a lot of hours in their day building the business, and they structured in a way to be able to do it. And of course, there's work there's work involved, right. But like, that's how I'm able to spend the morning, afternoon evening with my son, and my wife. And really, that's the life that I want to live, it's a life that I envision is doing the things that I want to do. And the business doesn't run me, I'm not a slave to having to do the business side of things as far as this goes, right? Like if I show up for these calls, and things like this, we've structured our week around this, and my wife and I were talking about this, and she's like, here's the thing, you know, you you got to realize that, like, we've decided that this is the life that we're creating, and it's literally structured every way that we've ever dreamed of it to be. So that's really cool. I know like, same thing when Rick Pino is a great example of this, I never saw him work more than five hours a week, to build this coaching business, he showed up, recorded the sessions. And now it costs him a little bit more money, because then he outsourced everything else except that didn't leave his mouth, somebody else did for him. And so that was really cool to kind of see that. And that's, you know, that's a big part of like, as the profit starts coming in having to worry, you're not doing the business side, you're really more just saying high level strategy. And the just the coaching, and then also doing the sales messaging, and that was what like Rick had focused on, that's what I focus on. My mom was the first one that sat out and did this, she did this type of thing, only working five to 10 hours a week on the bid. So like, an hour or two a day, cool. Maybe in the morning or evening, I think it's completely doable for most people to be able to find an hour a day, you know.

[680:35] Speaker 0: And I think the area you can help me with, and again, this is where the I really believe you can help me in this particular area. But then that's where the concern comes into. And that's this, what is my offer? Do I have a 799, PDF? Or trying to, you know, do I have you I have a group zoom every week where I got parents on, you know, and then I'm just focusing on the parents side

[687:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: question right there.

[687:50] Speaker 0: On one, coaching, you know,

[688:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what I what I tell people to do is, first off, start with the life you want to live and how many hours you want to work in mind. So like, if you don't want to be doing a bunch of group live zooms, you could do it to where maybe once a month, you do like a live Q and I even tried this out myself. And it works great. As far as the when you limit the access, the more you'll actually sell of the actual training, because then people are purchasing whatever that is, and they gotta pay to get more of that access. So like, even I'm strategizing for next year, the amount of access that I give, for free, right now, I'm not going to be giving as much for free or at the low cost level, because a lot of that was to just really dial in a lot of my messaging. And now I've gotten a lot of that very clear. And so I can pull back from that side, and focus even more on inside coaching people. Which brings me to one of your questions, how much access you get to me in the program. As I actually am the owner, right now, I'm the only coach in the program and we don't plan on adding more coaches for at least the next year or so one thing that we would like to do is possibly create a certification program where people who have been in the program might then become junior coaches underneath me, but I'm not at that stage yet where I'm doing that just yet. Okay. That's the one part but we have built we have built coaching businesses where it was that where like the the main leader was only there like 25% of the time. And then his understudies, were there the other 75% of the time again, that's how that's how Rick structured his which is really cool. I thought it was it was great. It was his students that he raised up as the coaches that came through it so they and it was his it was his best testimonies that had produced the most results. So he was really focused in on people that had the track record. would then do it, they weren't just regurgitating info but right now, and at least for the next couple of years, is it's it's, it's full access to me. So once a week, we do the live call, where I do a live training and then q&a. I'm also teaching additional courses. I'm in the Facebook group responding to questions that people ask every single day. So I'm in there interacting with you, you know, doing that as far as that side goes, and so you get a lot of access to me inside of the inside of the program. Yeah,

[729:44] Speaker 0: that's, that's, that's, that's great. Once a week. Well, that's, that's awesome.

[730:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's it's once a week as far as that goes. And it's and it's a pretty extensive group session, just kind of like,

[733:54] Speaker 0: Would you like will you actually evaluate, assess, give feedback on sales? Copy on on one of the main things that I do? And yeah, like, yeah, like, hey, the six steps, I mean, you're, you're basically coaching the six steps.

[738:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. And I'm also I'm also giving, that's why it's not just a, it's, I would say, it's really good, like marketing language for me to be like, Hey, I get to join your team and come alongside you to build your business. But like, that's the reality of what I'm doing in there, too. You know, if you ask anybody who is who is in there, that's what that's what we're doing. And that's what I'm doing is I'm, I'm helping you assess how your offer is doing, how it's coming in, like the leads are coming in. Now, what you'll have to do is you'll have to kind of bring the data to me, like, I'm not logging into your platforms and seeing that, right, that's a little more time. Like, I can't do it at scale, if I'm having to do that. But I can do it at scale when people bring the right info the necessary info to me. And I make it very, very clear what that is. But it's pretty much the way I say it. It's kind of like an open door policy, I sort of see myself and I structure this the way that I if I was leading a marketing team is like any question, really, anything goes in there. There's nothing that's off limits, as far as that I can help you with in that.

[756:05] Speaker 0: Yeah. And real quick. So like, my, my, my young guy who's in assisting, like, he could just tune in why we I mean,

[758:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, he can post questions and stuff, too. Totally. Yeah, yeah. The one thing I don't do is private, like direct messages or email with our members. So that's what the Facebook group is for. And so like private messaging that that goes to our, our customer service department, and then they send it to me. And so that's I'll still answer and respond through them. But generally, we direct people to go to the group and post because a lot of the questions that somebody would send privately, they can ask in the group now, here's the cool thing. And Facebook is a way to post anonymously, and you can anonymize your question in the Facebook groups, and nobody knows who's actually asking it, which is really cool. I know who is asking it as the admin but none of the members are asking. Yeah, okay, which is really cool. So we've we've had, we had somebody asked a really personal question about a situation with her marriage in there. And the fact that her husband was not supportive of the business, and I was able to give some very good wisdom now. And I don't want to I don't want to share more about it. But yes, all the amount of that. I'll

[778:04] Speaker 0: be easily identifiable. I'll be the basketball geek, a basketball junkie, you know, there's, there's, again, stupid basketball question, you know, okay. Now,

[780:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: so anyways, about your, like your specialized niche, is we have a lot of different niches that are in there. And I don't have a lot of background on most of the niches that are actually in with the people that I work with. Because I focus my lane that I stick in is sales, marketing. And there's frameworks that apply to each industry. And so you, as the expert on your industry are able to basically plug into that framework, and know how to apply it to attract your target client as far as that goes. Agreed. So for instance, I mean, gosh, I don't know anything. I didn't know anything about the music industry. I don't know anything about flipping. Why don't I know like base nine knowledge about flipping real estate, things like that baseline knowledge of I'm learning more about the stock market, but what we do is the key is the feedback loop. Part of it. And since you've worked with so many coaches already, and you've worked with so many Like, if you were to put a number to how many coaches you've coached yourself, how many would that be?

[801:30] Speaker 0: Well, I only started since I got out and I had a, I had a group, I had a group of 10 college coaches that I was regularly doing, I was working for

[804:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe at least like 50.

[805:00] Speaker 0: I mean, informally, easily. Yeah,

[805:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally. Okay. And well, that's what I tell people is you gotta at least connect with at least like 50 people that fit into the category of who you're going to coach, before you finally really know like, Okay, what do they all have in common that they're struggling with? That their goals are? And then you use that language to mirror it back to them. So there's a concept? Are you familiar with the concept of admire that talks about mirror neurons? Yeah, yeah. So the idea behind the marketing is you actually just mirror back to them, the language, the energy, and all of that, that they're already operating in. And then you raise them up to the place where you're at?

[817:47] Speaker 0: Yeah, you're, you're, you're gonna, you're gonna be, I'm gonna be totally fine. Like I said, he was just a little concerned, I know that I'm gonna have to be the specialist on the subject matter, you're going to be the expert on the sales, the marketing, the the feedback and all that stuff. I, I kind of see in my mind how it would work. And

[824:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: then there's, then there's another part of it that you had brought up that I love is deciding what offer to do, do you do a 799? Ebook? Do you do a mini class? Recall that a one thing what I encourage is whichever one and this is a big part of it. Do you? Are you familiar with like, using some of your instincts and intuition to make decisions.

[831:42] Speaker 0: I mean, the book Blink,

[832:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, you know. So that's, that's a big part of how I encourage people to actually decide on their offer is, and sometimes I'll take, I'll take, even for me, for my own offers, I'll take a week or two to think about what that like, what the offer is that I want to create. But I'll have these sparks in these moments. And usually, it's when I'm like, either swimming, or I'm playing a video game, or I'm watching my son. And I have this spark of an idea of like, oh, that's what the offer should be. And I'm instinctually, getting the clarity that I'm seeking as to what I want to test out. Now everything that we want to do, we want to say okay, let's just test out to see how the market responds to this type of offer. So I'm always basing it off of actual, verifiable evidence based. It's really, it's a very scientific experiment, experimental approach to deciding what the best offers are. And so that's why it helps us really know like, what the best thing is by trialing things out, but then you also, like you said, you can align it to, what are you willing to do? There are certain offers that I could offer, that I don't simply because it doesn't fit into the lifestyle that I want to have, like one of those would be, I used to hop on phone calls with people and I would do individual sales calls before people would join. Now I don't I just don't do that, like, the lifestyle that I'm living. I don't do that. And really, if you're utilizing I replaced that with the group q&a here, because now I got 14 people that I can talk to instead of one person that's asking questions. And so that's replaced, I don't do any sales calls. Except for the purpose, we do have one thing that I do do, it's not a sales call, it's like, is this a good fit call for people that are in our accelerator program, twice a year, we open up an opportunity for a package of one on one coaching sessions with me. And if somebody wants to apply for that, I will do an hour long zoom call with somebody only after they actually put a deposit down though. So like, the deposit is like $1,000, and then I will get on the phone with somebody on that. And generally these are only people who have they've been in the accelerator for like months already that are doing that. So they already know that it's probably something that they want to do. That's the only group of people that I do that. And then part of what I offer for my one on one coaching is I give people unlimited access to text me, DM me, right me and a 24 hour response time to those people to private messages. And so that's part of the value of that. So we might have six sessions throughout the year where we meet like whether we do every week Are we do them every other month. But then in between the sessions, they're texting me, Hey, can you review this copy? Can you look at this? Can you look at this ad and I'm responding back and really giving sort of like a, like a remote, kind of like I'm leading a remote team and helping them. And I would say, part of my experience to being able to do this as we've ran businesses remote with remote teams for a long time. And so I utilize my methods of communicating remotely with people to our advantage to how do I serve our group as a whole? And it works really well.

[889:11] Speaker 0: So so I'm sorry, I may have misunderstood, but is it those? Those services are part of accelerator? Is that part of the one on one coaching? Or one?

[892:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: on one coaching package? Got? Yeah, got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And so, like, when we last offered one on one coaching, it was $9,000. And it's gonna be, it's gonna be $14,000. We're about to. I told our group, we would, I would put it out there before the end of the year. So I have like, a week left to do that. I've been saying I'm gonna do it for like, a month now. Um, and then I started this whole, like, health protocol. I know, I'm making excuses. But it'll be it'll be $14,000. This next time that we do it, so it's not cheap. We do we do offer a 12 payment plan on that. And we have a financing partner for people that are in the US, where are they? You can do like an unsecured loan and take that out, too, if people want to. So. But yeah, that's for most people. They don't need that the accelerator is what they need. And I make that very clear. Like, one on one coaching is not for most people that are in there, the accelerator really is the value that most people. That's That's enough. Yeah, yeah. Because I actually want to be doing a bunch of one on one stuff. I really want the group program to be where I dedicate most of my time. Yeah, I know, what I want attention to.

[913:18] Speaker 0: No question. If I'm being completely transparent, I love the fact that you customize your business around the lifestyle that you want to live. I have, I have too much anxiety and stress. Due that I have to structure everything around right now. Making money if that makes sense. I will

[918:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: surely agree with that, too. You know,

[919:12] Speaker 0: I won't cheat the impact that I'm willing to give. But, but right now, like,

[921:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't get me wrong, I I have very big monetary goals. Here's something to that I tell people. So like, my goals are for this business to reach multiple, eight, and even nine figures, coaching people, I think I can do it. And what I found is, if you study most of the people who reach nine figures in the coaching industry, don't do so with a lot of integrity. There's very few. And so I just call me crazy want to want to be the person that both hits that level and does so with the maximum level of integrity, and I think I can and so I, I structure my life around that goal as well. And it's just because I, that's the standard that I kind of hold myself to is like, operating like I'm making $100 million a year already. And I've kind of always had that standard. And I know people too, that are that are making that much. And it's you know, does that separate me from also helping the person who wants to just make five grand a month? No, because I know that like everybody has different levels of goals and stuff like that. But so the monetary side is fully 100% important. One of the mistakes that I was making was I was listening to a lot of advice in the beginning of my coaching business, to focus all on impact and value and value. And I neglected doing the things that were going to bring in the finances. And so the finances are equally as important as the impact and that's why I say this sales and marketing is the top priority in your business. And then the coaching is equally as important but it does still come secondary to the sales and marketing. So,

[952:24] Speaker 0: ya know, the the standard of excellence that you have to deliver on I'm the same way like I I can't look myself in the mirror, I can't go to bed at night like like, I'm gonna give you my absolute best. It's all we can do individually to give our best

[956:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I gotta give myself grace to like, okay, it's okay that I had the date wrong. And that little graphic I put up I fixed it right away. You know, like, I gotta give myself the grace that it's okay to like,

[959:04] Speaker 0: no question.

[959:32] Speaker 5: No question.

[959:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not Eat may love it that

[960:14] Speaker 0: happens to there is an unbelievable book a resource. Do you know who horts Sheltie is? No, I've never heard of that eat the CEO, founder, CEO of Ritz Carlton, his book is excellence wins. He's a believer, it's an unbelievable resource on doing exactly what you're talking about having an incredibly high standard for yourself of what you're delivering on for other people. And it's an it's an amazing, I recommend it to anybody and everybody. Excellent. Definitely

[968:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: check that out. I heard something from Tony Robbins, he, he said, I love the way that he structured this. He's like, How many of y'all have a spirit of excellence, the whole hand raised, like I'm trying to imitate his voice, right? And he's like, and how many y'all are broke. And he's like, Oh, he's like, your spirit of excellence is why you're broke. Because you need to go above and beyond excellence to be outstanding, strong, and I was like, boom, okay, that's powerful. So I said, people, sometimes your excellence is literally what's actually keeping you from your goals. Because we're defining it in this way of doing things to where it's like, so we gotta like, go above and beyond that, and make it a more of a holistic approach to Yeah, I want to check that book out. And you think from a person who found that size, I love reading books like that. So he

[980:41] Speaker 0: changed. He said, the hotel industry used to be basically lower level society, people serving upper level society, people. And yeah, he founded Ritz Carlton on I love

[983:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Carlton, too. Those are great.

[984:34] Speaker 0: He, he said it this way. So we're gonna be ladies and gentlemen, serving ladies and gentlemen. It's an awesome, awesome, awesome. Yeah.

[986:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's very cool. That's awesome. So

[987:20] Speaker 0: thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate your time.

[988:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. These are great questions. I'm sure he's helped answer a lot of questions from people that are listening to. All right, Lance, what's up, Lance? I see your your hand up.

[991:24] Lance Williams: Yes, Jeremiah, I was kind of jumping in and out again. So the time of day, you give me that one more time for the, for the coaching.

[993:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, for the calls, it's 11am. central time, I do a lot of the time in Central Time, noon, Eastern and all them are recorded. And we usually go for about two hours for those. Okay, and so we have some people, they'll jump in on like the second hour to, to ask questions and things like that. But they'll also post in the Facebook group. So that's throughout the whole week, is people are able to, you're able to utilize the Facebook group to get the help that you need as well throughout the week. Okay, there's also the once a month, the second Thursday of every month, we do a copywriting focused call. And that's all about the ads and copy strictly, we still do ads and copy on the Monday calls to what we don't talk about most of the time, we're talking about other stuff, then the ads and copy on the Monday calls on this strictly ads and copy call. That's the only thing we're talking about. So it's like a real focus time. Because, again, that's a lot of what people are bringing to me, and they're posting in the group, and they're like, Okay, here's my landing page. Here's my copy. Because my ad you look at this, here's the results of it. Here's my presentation, what do you think about this? And then they're like, Okay, I put it out there. It made a whole bunch of sales. And then like, we've had some people then the next month, they're like, Okay, my last one did really good. This one didn't why is that? I have a course all about why that is that that happens, and generally has to do with the follow up processes wise. So. But yeah, I think I think if people want to make it work, they can make that time work. And they can utilize the recordings as well, if they can't make it live. So most of the people actually watch the recordings that are in there. I just shared the website to about the book excellence wins by Forrest Schultz.

[1026:18] Lance Williams: Also Jeremiah, what is the start date?

[1027:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Other stuff other stuff. So it's ongoing, is what it is. And so the way that it works is we have an onboarding call on Thursday, next week. Okay. And what that is, is basically the way that I treat it is, imagine the program like a highway, like an interstate, where people are all there like, you know, you got people going from Minnesota to Texas, but then you got an on ramp from your individual city and where you're starting. That's the That's what the fast start call is. It's the on ramp to direct you to the best place to go and get up to speed with everybody. So and so we've designed that as an onboarding, to get everybody up to speed and we've recorded past onboarding calls to and you can watch those they're all recorded. Everything in there is recorded to to go back through Oh, like I said that one of the one of the mistakes that you can make is trying to watch everything in there. I was like, it's okay to miss something you're not going to miss like, a lot if you do ask a question. And then usually what I'll do is like, if somebody is in there like, hey, like, what do I need to do to know more about the landing page? I'll say, okay, landing page blueprint. That course is all about the landing page. What about getting the copy down? Okay, we got two copywriting courses in there copywriting mastery, and the sales copy mastery with Chad GPT. Those two are two of the best copywriting courses that you can find about using AI to write sales copy, so Yep.

[1050:50] Lance Williams: All right. So no, pop up evening opportunities or classes, maybe every once in a while, or sometimes

[1053:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do I do that every once in a while, it's not super often. But I also do pop up trainings to where I post in the group and I and I share that, again. The group interaction itself is what really drives the content. And so here's, here's a great signal to that is like we had an incredible lady in there, her name is Sue. And she was really struggling with her Facebook pixel. And all of that and struggling to kind of know, like, how to keep stuff on track. So I literally went back and I added checklists to all of our courses. I created a new course specifically for her, which then everybody else in the group was like, Yeah, this I needed this course. But they didn't know how to explain it. But she did. And so a big part of it. It's all tailor made for the group itself. It's a group program. But it's designed to be very individually what you need. And that's also why again, we give you that 30 days to jump in. If after 30 days like hey, this isn't working for me. No problem. No issue. Yeah.

[1071:57] Lance Williams: So that we could bring a member of our team in with us as well. Yes,

[1073:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's good. Because I love that too. I think it's great.

[1073:52] Lance Williams: Why be interested in learning?

[1074:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, no, it's great to do that and and introduce them, you know, maybe jump on the call or make a post tag them Be like, Hey, this is a tip. So then I know if they're asking a question on the call, who's because I also keep in mind.

[1079:02] Speaker 1: Again, I don't know how I do it. But I'd say the Lord blessed me with this is that I, I understand each of our members, individual businesses, and I have a really crazy memory.

[1082:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I remember what industry and stuff everybody is in. And so when I give the advice, it's not just like, to everybody, it's very much like to what you need, and you need and all that. And so, again, I would say it's, it's some kind of blessing that I have that I'm able to do that because I don't think I'd be able to serve this group to the level that I do.

[1087:59] Lance Williams: Gotcha. All right. So I am very less questions up. So I am planning to launch a beta test at the end of next month, that's already set the date because it's been going on for years. So I got the date set. January 29. I'm clear with my niche. You told us how to do the messaging with Chet GPT. Yeah, I'm still mapping out. I think what a because Chet GPT gives us so much information. It's just how do I choose and select the?

[1097:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, it's a really good question right there. And that's why so there is that course in there. That's all about the sales copy mastery and the landing page blueprint course. Okay, I think landing page blueprint would probably be the again, and that's why I even included as one of the free gifts. Okay, because I think that that's the one that like everybody needs to go through, especially for like the different questions you've been asking. Landing Page blueprints can help you to know, okay, what to actually use. And one of the things that I like to do is I like to have a chat GPT generate a lot of information. And then I take some time, here's one of the things I do a chat, GBT, I have a generate a bunch of information. And then I step away from it for a day and I know I cuz I'm like, you can get like bug eyed looking at all the tests, right? You know? So then I come back at it. And what I do is I have a very specific set of eyes where I'm scrolling through it to see what pops out at me and stands out in the text like paragraph by paragraph. And so what I'll do is I'll scroll through a couple times through this long list, which have GBT generated and I copy to a separate document, the stuff that really stood out to me. Got it. And then I take just that, and I make a new chat GBT. And I tell it to then evaluate the stuff that really stood out to me. And that ends up taking your copy to like level 100. and makes it more powerful. Because what you're doing is you're basically taking all this information, pulling the best elements out of it, and really refining it down to that level. And that makes it to where it's like, fire at that point. And I'll I'll demonstrate how to how to do that. Can I show you real quick kind of how I would do that. Okay, okay. So it's really quick, the way the way that I would do this is Chad JpT, right here. Okay, let's take some copy, just here we go. So holistic health with Aaron right here. Remember, we had all this text data generated with Aaron's copy. So what I'll do is I'll come back to it. And I'll scroll through, and I'll look at what really stands out to me. And I'll rank it at a lot of what I do, by the way that I recommend to our group is we use a lot of and I learned this, I listen to read a lot of stuff that like Elon Musk puts out. And what he talks about is probabilities, and everything being on a spectrum. And so what I do is I try to I try to identify the spectrum of the sales copy, I usually rank it from 20 to 80, I don't go from zero to 100. I go from 20 to 80, which I learned that from reading about from Jack Welch. And identifying in companies, you don't usually want to go from zero to 120 to 80 is better. And then what I'll do is I'll take a look at okay, what is the top 70 to 80% quality on this spectrum of competence. So I'm going to so I'm going to have that in my mind. And I'm going to scroll through this sales copy right here. And I'm gonna start to identify what stands out that I think is the most important sentences and statements right here. So again, this is important results, that's going to be important. So I'm going to copy that to a Google doc right here. And this is this is this is part of my process, or for writing sales copy that goes beyond just generating the text. And again, I don't worry about like, that's all black and white, and all that. I'll go back over here and then I'm gonna go look back through this to health and happiness, your health revolution starts now join us. So I'm gonna copy that. Okay. I'm going to scroll through. And because I've written copy for so long, I can do this for any any industry to like, so when I'm writing copy, I focus in on this, I think this is going to be important to his approach is the bloodwork side. So we want to pull that in

[1175:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: easy to implement strategies, we're going to pull that in. Okay, so what we're doing is, is I'm pulling the best pieces. Is this making sense? Like how I pulled the best piece? Yes, yes. Yes, it is. Okay, so like, if I take that, and I'll just do a little bit more right here. Let's pull in lifestyle, man. So now when it goes through the pain points, I'm gonna pull the top ones in here. Okay, now this is good. Ah, oh, privacy concerns fear of sales pitches, that's a big one, as far as their concerns, managing symptoms and energy management, because then we don't want it to be really super focused on diet and exercise as much. Okay, so let's just say this and then your body aches and every solution you tried has been a dead end. Okay. So if I take this now, this is just a little bit of copyright here. And I open up a new document right here and I say, generate a sales letter for a free webinar based on the following copy. And it's just the stuff that I highlighted.

[1195:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: It starts to kind of put some of this out there and starts to generate this and it's kind of a little bit all over the place as far as that goes. But that's where then what I do is I pull in those same prompts that we were doing right here And I create a new version of this based on the best content that I've generated. And I might do this like five times, even, through all then find the best content from this version and the best content from that version and things like that. And then ultimately, what that leads you with something that's like, really powerful sales copy that's better than the first iteration. And it's sort of like we're looping back through it as far as that goes, to create more stronger language as far as what's being delivered to people as far as this goes. So like, if we take this let me just I'm gonna, I'm just gonna streamline this. This prompt right here, it kind of helps catch us up to speed through all the other prompts real quick. And then I'm going to pull in this the storytelling one right here

[1217:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: now let's see what this generates for the sales copy based on what's above this, because it's using that to train it I want to do you tired of feeling drained each day like a battle with your own body? Do you feel like you're drowning in a sea of health advice, and nothing works. I remember the frustration, tried every health trend, only to end up back to square one tired and confused. Okay. So that language is way more powerful than some of the original language that it generated for him the first time, which was a tide of everyday being an uphill battle with exhaustion, inflammation, you wake up tired, how much to sleep. So this is Kelly gets really wordy. As far as this goes, I guess that's the expanded version. But this is more about inflammation. This is again, the new version that we did really taps into more of those, that those emotional drivers that's going to get people to take action. So then if we go like expand on the pain points, so what this is, is we're really going deeper and deeper into pulling the emotion out of chat GPT to create the right words that we're looking for. By identifying what stands out versus one or the other. Does that make sense? So that's how you kind of make sense of the long list of stuff. And then you iterate and you improve it. And you know, I could I could do that for maybe like a half hour and the quality that we really great care about

[1242:17] Lance Williams: do you change the sequence of it sometime or like a year just

[1243:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: alone? Interestingly enough? No, not usually. Okay, okay, I usually go in the same sequence that this is right here. Sometimes I'll skip ahead like I did I did the pain points and then I skipped the epiphany bridge the outcome and just went to step five, because it's somewhere in there. Okay. Um, but this is really where it right this is gonna be what's gonna like go on your sales pages step six, you got it and then the expanded one and then like the different headlines right here like I'm curious to see okay, what kind of did you still see my screen

[1252:40] Lance Williams: do Yes.

[1253:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Different headlines. I love boundless energy and vibrant health even if you tried everything and feel overwhelmed by health choices so that's a little bit more powerful than the first version revitalize your life with balanced energy and personalized wellness even if you're overwhelmed, skeptical and have tried everything else that'd be a pretty good headline actually for a landing page right there. That is just a little bit better than the original version we had because we we iterated through and we made sure to find the best content

[1262:57] Lance Williams: okay and then with the sales the sales copy you just leave everything in the same order that it is and just kind of dump it in the the like the template or whatever it may be the sales copy thanks refrozen

[1270:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: my frozen no the meeting crashed my computer crashed Okay Mike so yeah, so what I do is I try to if it crashes I try to just come back in again. So unfortunately that does happen in zoom is when you're sharing your screen it only happens like sometimes I'm gonna share my screen crashed like that. But anyways, so there's that kind of makes sense as far as how you can make it even better. Yeah, yep, Mr. Did Thank you. And I would even go back through and do the same thing again with what that generated and it'll be like 10% Even better from there. Okay, that's where like, that's like, Okay, this copy started to get real good.

[1282:49] Lance Williams: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.

[1283:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Yeah, that's why, you know, right out the gate. Chat GPT by itself. Sometimes the results aren't that useful. But when you use it the way like that we've been showing you in that I just showed you right now it gets it gets much more useful. Okay.

[1288:10] Lance Williams: You know, just one last question for someone that would you recommend someone for building funnels if we didn't want to do it ourselves?

[1290:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it depends on like, what platform you want to build it on. So we do have So Steven Robbins, I love him. He knows how to build on go high level systemic IO, Wordpress, Squarespace or click funnels. And he's the one who builds all he's built all right. pinos funnels. Okay. Um, but I also there's a gal who's in the Philippines that I work with. So Stevens in the US, so he charges us rates, okay, Philippines that I work with, who is like a fraction of that, and she can put stuff together on Squarespace for people? And we're again, that's a common question as right now we just went and we found 12 people that I'm betting for Facebook ads, and then I'm gonna go in, and I'm probably going to bet a few people for funnel building, too, that are in the Philippines, I'm going to actually go through and find the ones and then they don't work for me, but I'm gonna make a list that you all can then reach out to, I can't guarantee their work, or somebody's like crap, like, tell us and then we'll take them off the list. But so that's a resource that we're that we're expanding and growing. And we just started doing that in like the last month. Okay. So that's good. Yeah. So we're adding that as a resource. I don't want to open an agency up, but I want to make it as easy as possible for people to find service providers. So again, it's kind of a secondary focus of the program. But it's improving, we're adding more people. So I'll tell you, it's not perfect right now. But I have a vision for it over the next year. And I think over the next year, I think we're really gonna it's going to be that's going to be a big value add of the resource is the, the the people and what we're doing is I want to train them on on my courses. So they understand how to do all this work for you as well. The way that I teach, which is cool. Sounds really good. Awesome.

[1320:41] Lance Williams: Thank you.

[1321:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ave said how much RAM is on this computer? So 32 gigabytes of RAM. I think Zoom is just not optimized. So yeah, I can multitask like crazy on this thing. DDR 532 gigs. Benjamin Benson. What's up Benjamin?

[1326:01] Speaker 5: Okay, well, Hi, there. Are you a good amount of RAM?

[1327:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I got I got an x 3080 graphics card in it too.

[1328:59] Speaker 5: Okay, you should be just fine for gaming. Yeah, yeah. It's great. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So it's a game and yeah, yeah, it obviously is with that amount. Yeah.

[1332:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jobs business computer. So you know, it's, uh,

[1333:27] Speaker 5: yep. Nice. Right. Okay. It is that says great. Right off. I'm, you know, I saw the the thing you posted on the Facebook page, you went through everybody's, you know, little bit about what they do their, their niche and all that. And then you posted some materials. Thank you for that. Yeah.

[1338:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that was that was just generated, I didn't edit it or anything. I did, like, um, maybe took like, three minutes per person and just kind of had chat GBT output at least to give you a starting place.

[1341:48] Speaker 5: That's good. Because then I'll take it and probably do what you just were suggesting which through a couple of times, take the best parts because I've generated a few myself. Yeah, so with along with that, you know, I I actually, you know, have had System BIOS, you know, stuff for a couple of years now and I just haven't leveled anything. It is and I have Gru funnels too, but they're a lot harder ones.

[1348:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. That one's not not one of my favorites. Again, Mike the same who built that he's a really good salesman. Yes,

[1350:55] Speaker 5: yes. He's one of

[1351:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Oh geez. Like before Russell Brunson before. You see now before Alex or Mozi he was selling software like 30 years ago.

[1354:55] Speaker 5: Yes, he still sells like he was doing it. Yeah. Okay. He

[1355:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: also does kind of have a little bit of that you can tell he's a little bit from the past generation Yes. of sales.

[1357:59] Speaker 5: Yeah, that you know, it's it's got some great features, but I'll have to go explore it. Okay.

[1359:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or go high level or the are the really good? Okay,

[1360:34] Speaker 5: I'll probably go with System IO because I'm in now it's free, at least the first version. Okay, you know, there's Yeah. With my area, the the, you know, you're familiar with the niche, basically, because you've got a few folks that you've been around like that, plus, you've been in the culture for a while. But it's, you know, it's something where the struggle I think I have with it is simply that I don't know how to focus enough on the outcome, okay, who, to really kind of give something to somebody, okay. I, I felt like I was supposed to at least do the, you know, write your story before a story after but some of the stuff that GPT is thrown around, you know, is basically okay. So have them do you know, XYZ types of things, you know, journaling, or, you know, other things, is there anything in the, your experience, that is an A really good way to get a quantifiable output, or quantifiable thing for the the spiritual nature or any thing, the

[1381:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: very best way is doing it, the old fashioned way is you, you get people results, you pay attention to what all their results have in common. And then you identify, Okay, lead with that, and lead with what you've walked people through. So, again, with like, with George Ian, we noticed his his top students, they all ended up starting churches, or writing books. They ended up operating ministries, things like that. And so I told him, I said, Really, what you're doing is your school, is people want to sort of become a version of you in their own sphere of influence. And so that's how you want to quantify it is what I told him is to create this sort of Leadership Academy. And your, your process has to do with like the hook that he does. So he'll run a he'll run a webinar. And he calls it tastes and see webinars. Yeah. And, and it'll be something about like, hearing God's voice will be Yeah, but then he talks about, like, if you like, hearing God's voice discerning, and then leadership, and then he'll lead them to the school that he has from there. So I'll take like one month from his school and turn that into his offers. Or is that goes resting? Yeah. But then he uses like, the actual session time to kind of build them towards the thing that he's leading them towards? And I'll tell you this, I love Georgia. And he was one of the one of the worst people at doing this, that I've ever met. I know. I mean, it he was he was so bad at it. Like no, no, i He'll say that, because I spent hours and hours coaching him on how to do this with his marketing. Because like, he wasn't getting it. He wasn't translating how to do that. And then COVID happened. And he found that he loved doing zoom calls with groups of people. And that actually was the unlock for him was doing these group zoom calls. And I got very clear, a lot of the stuff I was telling him to do that very clear when he had people in front of him on Zoom calls. And then that's when things like really started to click or just go so again, like no disrespect to Georgia. And he's, he's the, I think a good leader can like talk about what their downfalls and all that he was the first one told me is like, Jeremiah, I'm really bad at this. You know, he's like, I will, he'll explain. He's like, when I when I preach and teach people, I spend the first 30 minutes just figuring out what I'm going to talk about. Because I don't even know what direction I want to take them.

[1425:11] Speaker 5: I think I had one in one experience with him doing that. And yes, that would be Yeah, so

[1426:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was able to help him get a little bit more clear on how to do and how to structure and package this in a way that you can mark it to people and he's had great success with it like they're doing. They do these he does, sometimes he'll do a 14 and a 21 day challenge just because I want to help but what he'll do is he'll have like 20 people with them. And they take one day and he'll show up for like 10 minutes a day and like, say hi at the end. But by the end of that it's like people are just like this is the greatest like three weeks I've ever spent I want to jump in your your school. Oh, you know. So he lets them like experience that for free. And it's leading people that are just like, oh my gosh, like this is what I've been looking for. And it's been it's been incredible. And you don't have to do three Eat, but he loves it. It's He does it because it's a passion. He's a people person. Definitely. Okay. He's been texting me like, hey, when do you have some time to chat? I miss chatting. So.

[1444:29] Speaker 5: Okay. Yes. You know I've always from afar I've seen like, people person really? Yeah, okay, good flat. Okay, well that's good enough

[1447:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: him and I have a very similar personality. I'm like I like He reminds me of how I could see myself being like when I'm his age, like so like we really get along as far as that goes like I could literally just sit and talk for hours with him and it's yeah. Okay, well

[1452:26] Speaker 5: then get get on the phone afterwards and do just that

[1453:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know I need to I need to call him you're right. All right. Well,

[1454:07] Speaker 5: that's that's definitely helpful. And I, you know, we're my wife and I have talked about you probably need to, you know, get into the, you know, the accelerator and just, you know, because this has been something I've been trying to do for several years. And most of the time, it's just been either roadblock after roadblock or it's been, you know, no clarity. So, yeah, definitely necessary. And

[1460:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: the goal is to make it to where it's not going to be several more years for you to have to do this because,

[1462:00] Speaker 5: well, I can't exactly afford for it to be several more years. But that's a whole other thing.

[1464:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right side of that is it, it could take several more years. I can't, you know, write that part, I get it. But yeah, that's the price worthy. And I, if I told you what you wanted to hear, I'd say oh, yeah, we'll get like, we'll get you results in 10 days. But it's like, the reality is, sometimes people just do take longer than and I say that from experience is I'm slightly embarrassed sometimes to tell people that I've been in the industry for 20 years, because I should have more to quote unquote, show for it successfully. But it's because I was just really stubborn. And I was focused so much on like one side of things. And, and, gosh, 18 years ago, I actually did a course with my mom on affiliate marketing. And so like, I literally could have started a whole brand doing what I like. But I didn't instead actually at that time, I was more focused on girls and alcohol. You know? So 18 years ago, as as an 18 year old. That's all I cared about. Right? And so and I'm thankful to You know, I that that was not a great time in my life, but I learned a lot from it. And, and I'm thankful for where I'm at today, you know that that's not the life that I'm living that I've completely, I've really kind of the about face turned my life around in a big way. So

[1489:52] Speaker 5: Well, that's good. And you now have more story to share with people that will, you know, make sure that they Yeah, I'm

[1491:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely not encouraging like young people that go out there and just, like drink themselves to sleep every night and around with everybody that they meet. But that is part of my story. So even growing up in the church, I think part of it was it was such a restrictive church environment. I was like, I want to see what the world is like, you know, I want to see what I wasn't allowed to do.

[1498:30] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah, that would be

[1499:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's say that fun. I got. Now people are mad. Oh, no, I'm getting like, threats from people. Oh, no, people aren't very, they're not as nice as my friends growing up or so I had to learn it the hard way. Yeah. But I have this connection to success and coaching and all that throughout that that was the crazy part. I remember, I remember there's parts of my story. And again, not everybody likes to hear this. But I remember I was working for Danny Johnson and I go to church on Sunday, and then I'd go drink that night. And I would come in hungover on Monday. And like that was just my cycle was just somehow thinking that that was normal in the life I wanted to live. And I remember they sat me down. They're like, You got to stop doing that. So like you've got so much more potential. You know, and it was and truthfully it was, you know, pretty shortly after that I had actually made about $750,000 in affiliate marketing when I was 20 years old. And this was in 2008 I had made made that money and I spent it all on partying That was that like, so I didn't have anything to show for that. I have multiple times where like, just so like, what helped me was really getting my mental health in order. And realize I was I was running away from a lot of pain, because what it was. So yeah, running away

[1525:19] Speaker 5: sounds like a lot

[1525:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: of that. Yeah. So we got to we got to come face to face with I love what Ursula said the other day, helping people like they don't want to look at certain things in their business. Sometimes we got to look at the stuff we've been avoiding. And I think that that's a powerful strategy is sometimes there might be things in our business that we've been avoiding. And that's why it's taken us so long to be successful. Is the stuff that we've been not doing or neglecting. And at some point, yeah, yeah. All right. Well, and that can be different for everybody. I mean, one of my biggest things two years ago, gosh, I had a major sugar addiction. I was eating sugar, like crazy. And I was drinking a couple times not like getting drunk, but like I'd have I had to have like one beer a couple times a week. And I thought that that was like, you know, I stopped the sugar and all of that, because we were struggling to get my wife was struggling to get pregnant. We were we were doing our part and it wasn't working. And we testing and they came back as me they were like, you know, you're, you're not going to get anybody pregnant with what we got here to work with. And so you got to get your health in order is what they told me. And so that's when I actually stopped drinking and stopped the sugar. And, and then I started a new health protocol here. And, gosh, I've seen incredible results off of that, too. So I think health is a big part of it. I'm not trying to lose weight. I think it's more health I always do for my mental health and functional, functional health.

[1551:48] Speaker 5: So it's a great journey and a great story. Other part of my story. I

[1553:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: got a lot of stories. I go out the gate and share this to people sometimes they're like, Oh, that's weird. He started about that. But I feel like we've spent all week together. So yeah, no, exactly. We actually my wife got pregnant, like a month after I like, started taking care of my health. So

[1558:38] Speaker 5: good. Yeah. All right. Well, blessings and thank you very much. Definitely.

[1560:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. My son's almost one years old. He's going to be one here in a couple of weeks. Ooh,

[1561:43] Speaker 5: congrats. I've got that's the my four year or my fourth child is about 16 months. So it's strange. Once they get past a year you go. Wait, the baby's not there anymore.

[1564:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I remember I remember vaguely so my brothers are six and eight years younger than me. And so I remember when they were one when I was like seven and nine years old. I remember it very clearly, like a complete, like, okay, they're like, we got a person now living with us. It's not just this little thing that like rocked back and forth and feed like, he's got opinions now. And He lets us know about it. Already there. Oh, wow. Yeah, he's already very opinionated. So

[1574:03] Speaker 5: that's a good way to think about it. Yes. You get to

[1574:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: shape that. Yeah, that's good.

[1575:47] Speaker 5: Well, that is definitely a blessing and honor. Thank you very much, Jeremiah. And a cool time another time.

[1577:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And we'd love to have you in the accelerator. If just to just for the next 30 days, even It'd be an honor just to have you in there. So, and everybody else who's here too, we'd love to have you all in there. All right, everybody. I'm gonna log off here. You gotta go. Gotta go kiss that little one downstairs.

[1582:11] Speaker 4: Good idea. Question. What's up? I wanted to know from you a small question, when you say this zoom crashed. I really thought that it would throw all the participant or participants

[1586:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, they designed it to where that doesn't happen. It'll it'll give the host privileges to somebody else. But then if you're the main account that created the Zoom call, and you come back in and so they've all kind of programmed that into it. Where Yeah, if it crashes, it'll let you come right back in and continue it. Okay, good. No, no, yeah, I just wanted that. And the other thing too, is like if I click end, at the bottom here, there's two options and meeting for all or leave meeting. Right? So I can actually leave the meeting and it's going to transfer the ownership of the meeting to somebody else. Whereas if I press End Meeting, it's going to kick everybody out.

[1598:00] Speaker 4: Do you know the reason why? You said it happened couple of times, right?

[1599:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's just been what I've been sharing the screen And it's probably I haven't restarted my computer in a couple days. Okay. So it's It's sporadic. I haven't found out when it is. But usually, anytime it has happened, it's been very quick for me to bring it right back up. So good to know. Thank you. Yeah. All right. Well, yeah, Merry Christmas, everybody totally Christmas is coming up again. That's why we pushed everything out to, like our accelerator call is gonna be on Tuesday instead of Monday this week. And then normally, like, I would usually have our jumpstart call on Wednesday, but I pushed that to Thursday. So just a day, but we're still doing, we're doing the Monday accelerator call on New Year's Day, I'm not pushing that up on New Year's Day as far as that goes. So our all inclusive software programs worth the investment? So I again, that's that's a very big question. My answer about software is the somebody just posed the question to me, they asked us use the software that you can use that you'll start to get results with. Um, there's two programs that are all inclusive that I like, again, System IO and go high level, but I still like having my email software being separate. And it might just be because I come from an old school approach to marketing tool where I have that in one platform, because if one aspect goes down, the other will and sometimes that has happened and all in one software's one thing I look at is is the company established? Have they been around for some time with software? Because that shows you really the support level? Software is actually very difficult to do. So Jennifer, all Woods is I believe it is a white label version of go high level, a 95 99%. Sure it's, it's go high level, but it has some her features and stuff added to it. Because they offer that so they actually go high level lets you you can pay, you pay five grand to them. And then they let you put your branding on their software and call it your software, which is pretty cool. So yeah, go high levels. Pretty cool. Yeah, a lot of people like go high level the page like yeah, like she said, as I said, the Page Builder is a bit of a pain. That is why for a lot of people, if you're not super tech savvy, Squarespace is going to be the easiest page builder I've ever used. It's the it's also one of the most cost effective like overall, to get up and going. But you know, I am looking at System IO is probably going to be my second favorite. And that's why this year, this next year, I'll be I'll be creating a class on using System IO for funnels to, because I think having those options is great. So System IO, I like it's a lot easier to use, then go high level, it doesn't have as many features go high levels, like a massive swiss army knife, and then some. But it's very powerful. It's very effective. It's one of the best platforms at doing what it does go high levels really cool. So here's the thing about software platforms. And this is my advice to people, you can get so caught up in the weeds. I know people who are caught up in the weeds trying to find the best software platform for years and months and months and months because it's a way of distracting themselves from launching their business as far as that goes. So, yeah, a lot of people they'll call they'll usually call their white labeled go high level, something else like that. I checked out when she was talking about it, it looked like it wasn't go high level. White Label as far as that goes again, I don't know 100% For sure. But I'm I'm I'm probably what it is the features that she's saying is what it is. So, again, go high level is a great platform, it's just a little bit a little bit complicated, but they make it easy to share the templates and stuff like that. So we actually do have a class in the accelerator on using go high level to create the funnels that we teach. My friend, Adam Luckey, teaches in there on how to create go high level and then he has, he has a white labeled version of it, where he'll also help you get your funnel set up and things like that as well. With go high level. So again, like I said, you can we can get really bogged down by what's the latest and greatest software and all of this. It becomes a diss it can become a distraction from actually putting your business out there to keep using different software and things like that. And that's one of the that's one of the things I see a lot of coaches and course creators is they keep creating things, but they never actually put it out there to people. And so, because it's very easy to learn, like get caught up in Learning a new software, building something feeling like it's better. It's the shiny, it's shiny object syndrome, kind of. So I do warn against that a little bit, actually quite a bit. Because again, it's better to use something that you can use that you can get out there and get an offer out there as quickly as possible. So, I'll say that, even though it's probably annoying to everybody, because it's true, because I see way too often coaches and mentors, spending time doing stuff that doesn't make them money, but it feels like they're building their business. The only activity that actually is building your business is profit producing activities. And, and there's a lot of stuff you can spend your time on that isn't going to produce profit, that we convince ourselves, Well, if I just get this in order, it'll eventually produce profit, when really, there's only a few things that do and that's getting people in front of you that you can present and sell to. So that's my kind of opinion on software. But yeah, there's a lot of great platforms out there. It's easier today to build that one of these businesses than it has ever been. Gosh, what we had to do with WordPress, like 10 years ago was insanity. I would not recommend anybody use WordPress. I also would not recommend anybody use Click Funnels either, personally. All right. Anyways, tomorrow is our q&a. Our our bonus q&a will be at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central doors are open to the accelerator, you know where to find it. And for those who've already jumped in us and quite a few of you have actually jumped in even while we've been on this call. Welcome and I cannot wait to work with you and help you reach your goals. If you're if you're still on the fence again. You're not even committing to like staying in the whole program. You're just trying it out for 30 days. That's all I asked you to do. That's it. So all right. Talk soon everybody and have a good one.

