Day 3 - Build & Launch Your Profitable Group Mentorship
Date: 2023-09-27T03:34:37.000Z
Duration: 76 min
Otter ID: nbga9iX-dOCXweSzYsoAojJWYKA
---

[152:38] Speaker 0: Everybody, welcome you made it. You made it today number three. And so I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited specifically that you are here watching this and why does that matter why why is it so important that you're here? watching this right now and here's why because, you know, we host events like this is five day intensives like this, there's a lot of content, there's a lot of information coming at you. And most people don't make it past day number two, they, you know, they like they enjoyed the content on day one and day two, and then I never hear from them again, and they disappear. And so like, the fact that you're here is awesome. It means that you're somebody that has what it takes to commit to going through the process of actually building your business and being successful. And so one thing that I just want to do is I want to just kind of circle things back around to you know, what we talked about the last couple of days, about the mentorship business mentors changed the world, I want you to own that. And I want you to own the fact that you are able to impact people's lives with mentoring, and training and coaching. And it's going to impact and change your life by increasing your income and you're going to impact people's lives with your message. Now, I want to challenge you with something right now. Okay. Something that I see that happens often, especially in a training like this, a lot of people are like, you know, I'm not quite sure if I'm ready yet. To build my offer to put a group coaching program out there, I'm gonna wait maybe six to 12 months, kind of dabble, make some content, play around with coaching some people. I'll tell you this, if you're thinking about making content, like if I had to go back to when I started this business right here, again, let's go back my story. been in the industry two decades, I had always set out to build a mentorship and coaching business where I was helping people get more clients, but I didn't have an offer until like two years ago. And it was so funny because I had this epiphany that hit me, I was like, okay, all of my I laugh because of the epiphany was so obvious. All of my clients, and all of the companies that I've worked with that have made a lot of money, they all have an offer that grows their email list and a lead magnet offer. And guess what, I don't have one. I think that that might have something to do with why I'm struggling to actually grow my business to the level that I want to, even though I've helped other people grow theirs to the level that is exceptional and incredible. As because I didn't have an offer. And honestly, I didn't think I was ready yet. I literally I remember saying this, I was talking with my, my father in law about this. And I'm like, you know, I think I'll be ready in like two years. And he's like, now you're ready. Now you're good, you're good to go. And I remember his words clear as day we were walking my dog, we were on the street corner of my old house over at Fern Hill and Castle Pines. I remember right there. And he was like, Yeah, you're ready to do this to launch at the level that you want to, but you don't believe it yet. And so I can, I can tell you this, the shift that happened in my life. And remember, it was August, two years ago, I created my first lead magnet offer, put it out there spent 500 bucks on Facebook ads made $9,000 in sales. And I was like, Okay, there's something to this. And what was I selling I was selling a bundle of courses that I had put together that help coaches and mentors and trainers get results. So those courses are in our client growth accelerator program. And I'll say this, listen, if you are here today, on day number three, and you want to put together a business, you want the support, the mindset help the coaching the accountability, to reach your goals. Join the waiting list for the client growth accelerator program when we open the doors to it. You know, I was just speaking at an event. This it was about a week and a half ago and I had a lady come up to me and she's like, Hey, Jeremiah, you know, when are you opening the doors to your program, I'm ready to jump in and I told her get on the waiting list. You'll know as soon as we open the door, she'll be the first to know that and so that's what I'm going to tell you is that I believe that this is an incredible opportunity to be able to work with somebody who has experience somebody who is committed to seeing you get results. I am committed to seeing you get results. And by you joining the waiting list of the program you're telling me that you have intention to jump in when we open the doors and so I'm excited. For those of you I've seen a flood of names come in that have joined the waiting list already this week. Is a few of you. Maybe you're on the fence still. It Don't listen to cost nothing. There is no. Like, you know, you're not signing your name and blood to join the waiting list. But it is an intention saying, You know what, I'm ready to go to the next level. And I would encourage you and invite you to do that. Now back to what we were talking about yesterday. Okay. I want you to, like, we have to take a bird's eye view of the coaching and mentoring industry. What does it take to get clients? See, we think that if I just put content out there, and I start to dial in my message, people are going to love my content, and they're going to come and join me as a client. That's not how things work anymore. You have to actually create an offer and listen, create content, love it, I create content all the time. But I lead people to my offers, where they sign up with their name and email address my free offers. Okay, my lead magnets. So like, if we look here, over over at my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. This that you're on here today is a free offer that we put together. That is it's a free five day intensive, this is a lead magnet offer, that you sign up for having some kind of a virtual event experience that people sign up for with their name and email address where you are sharing content with people. And maybe you're saying, well, Jeremiah, you know, I don't feel super confident in sharing that content. I don't know what platforms to use, I don't know how to build those pages, we're gonna go over all that here in just a second. Okay, I'm gonna simplify it for you. It's very simple, very easy to do. Not super technical. I do not believe in complexity when it comes to technology. I believe in doing what's simple, that gets results, that's repeatable, because here's why. If it's too complex, you're not going to do it. And so if it's simple enough, you're going to start to implement it and actually see the results. And I do not recommend you make anything more complex than it needs to be. And let me explain what I mean by that. Okay, I just I have to, I have to stop here. I see people I meet them. And they they're like, Okay, well, I'm waiting now until I get the perfect looking landing page, or I'm waiting until, you know, I lose 30 pounds to do a photo shoot, but my photo out there to finally launch my business. And these same people, six to 12 to 18 months later, still haven't done anything. Well, I have other clients who within 30 days of joining our program are making multiple six figures like like Dukey, jumped in, spent $500 on ads, brought in 25,000 in sales first month. And so like I see the difference in this and what I notice is, is that, again, it's rooted in this belief that I gotta put all the pieces together in order to be ready to put myself out there. And I'm gonna feel more ready by experimenting and testing out just with safe content. That's not you know, I'm not asking anybody to sign up for anything. I'm not promising anything, I'm not selling anything. I'm not pushing anybody's buttons. I'm just walking the line to see if I like this coaching thing. And listen, I get it. That's where I was at. You know, I've helped so many people be successful. But I struggled with the belief that I could actually put my stuff out there. And, and again, a lot of this is tied to my own trauma that I had to work through, heal through and start to break the patterns of people pleasing, approvals, seeking and struggling, needing everything to be perfect feeling like I wasn't ready yet to actually launch an offer. And if I could redo

[310:46] Speaker 0: it all again today. You know, I actually had a chance to do that, by the way. This is this is such a really interesting part about my story. You know, my mom and I we had built a coaching and mentoring business to over $20 million a year. I was the CEO of that company and then I left I started my own company struggled for the first couple of years as I told you to get any traction in my coaching business. And so but I put to the test this idea of like if I lost all my contacts I actually wasn't allowed to use my mom's contacts. This is an agreement that her and I had had. So people don't know this, we had an agreement where I couldn't use any of her contacts, I couldn't use any of the result, I couldn't claim any of the results that I had done with her since now we've we've resolved this, and it's, and it's and it's changed. But it was a challenge that I actually was contractually obligated with, to my mom, for two years, where I couldn't use any of the clout that I had built, or even the results that I had built to grow a business and I had to learn from ground zero what to do. Okay, now, looking back, I see, the biggest mistake I made is I didn't have an offer. Soon enough, I was waiting until I felt ready enough to actually put myself out there it was, it was it was just very interesting. The process that I went through, and I was I'm so grateful for it. Because it helped me grow into who I am today changed my life. It was it was one of the hardest, probably five years that I've ever gone through from 2018 to this year. But it was the most valuable, because I learned what it takes firsthand to bootstrap it and build a seven figure business from scratch. Instead of okay, I'm working with somebody who is very charismatic, like my mom or Rick Pino, or different clients that I've worked with Danny Johnson, that I had to actually like, work on all my stuff and all my issues, to be able to launch my business to sell myself and to be able to get results. And that's really what you're doing as a mentor and coach, you're selling yourself to people reminder, sales is just trust building, it's an exercise in building trust with you. So the best vehicle to build trust is not just putting content in a Facebook group, or posting videos on YouTube, or a podcast, even I have videos on YouTube, I have a podcast, I even post content in Facebook groups. All of that's great, and that I consider all of that to be supplementary. And secondary to having an offer that people sign up for with their name and email address to get a very specific piece of content that solves the problem. And listen, you're not like solving the entire problem that somebody has with this. If you take a look at some of the offers that I put out there, just in the last month, starting your your mentorship business, it's a it was a 90 minute training just about finding your niche, picking an offer strategy, coming up with ideas. By the way, if you're still struggling to find your niche for mentoring and coaching, there's some great chat CPT prompts that you can use, you can literally type in what are the top 100 most profitable mentoring niches. And it's like it's super accurate, coming up with different different niche ideas based off of Office training data that are considered profitable, which is awesome. And so it'll literally literally give you a list of like 100 niches that you could go into right there. You could pick any of these and be able to make money in them. Any of them. If you're stuck. Chat, GBT is a great way to do this. I tell people this by the way, if you're trying to pick pick your niche, I know I'm going off on like a little bunny trail here. But this is really cool. I want to show you this. Find me 20 sub niches of writing and publishing. So what I'll do is I'll have it find the sub niches, novel writing if you want to literally just focus in on novel writing. You could do young adult novel writing, script writing. So these are versions of writing and publishing, coaching science fiction writing, ghost writing, journalism, coaching, blogging, coaching, see what I'm saying? Okay, so chat JpT is really valuable at like finding, identifying coming up with ideas for your business. But you have to have some kind of an offer that you put out there that people sign up with their name and email address. And it needs to be related to a topic that is connected to what your paid program is. So let's work backwards from here. Okay. Let's identify what we're actually going to be selling in our paid program and that's where we're going to focus a little bit of our energy here today. On before I go there, though, I just want to explain this to you. Okay, so paid program. For me, I have the client growth accelerator. I've told you about it. My offers that I put out there that I'm actually promoting to get an email list, starting a mentorship business, finding your niche, a whole training for an hour where I just focus in on that. That's it. That's not the whole business model. That's not everything that I teach. It's just a one slice of my system. So what I'm doing is I'm taking my whole system, and I'm slicing it down into bite sized chunks that I know people are going to connect with. And then I'm going to go out there and I'm going to test it out. And I'm gonna see which ones people resonate with the most. I did another one called getting clients with Facebook ads was amazing, incredible show up a ton of you are on that that are here today were on that training with me. So that was one slice of my system. Creating Facebook ads, I did another one called getting more clients with live webinars. That was another slice of my system. Now this five day intensive, creating your offer, putting that together, that's another slice of my system. If you actually join with us, we teach you how to outsource how to hire staff, we actually connect you with people that you can work with, we show you how to use automation features MailChimp. We walk you through meticulously every aspect of the Facebook Ads Manager every aspect of building out your funnel, all the platform nuts and bolts, the technical aspects of ever anything that you could think of. From mindset to time management, to people management, to closing sales, to delivering incredible presentations. Being a great teacher developing your teaching skills, developing your skills as a coach, creating world class online courses, you name it.

[431:45] Speaker 0: We have training in our accelerator that we've poured into, that are part of the accelerator program that you can learn from. That's in there. We have multiple sales, copywriting training classes on using chat, GBT. These are all classes that are part of the accelerator program. And on top of that, you also get access to ask me questions during our live trainings. We have copywriting rewrite days, you get to post in the Facebook group, I'm answering questions every single day, working with our members, helping them move the needle forward to create six and seven figure results in their mentorship and coaching businesses. Okay, so that's like, that's our main offer right here. Those are a lot of different like little pieces of it. What I identify is, what are the chunks, the slices that people are most interested in that are out there, right. Like, if I ran an offer around time management, I wouldn't get as many people showing up, as do for a Facebook ads training for me. So I will. Even though time management is a huge part of what we teach. It's so important to learn how to govern yourself, how to have the right boundaries, how to discipline yourself to take action, how to work on what's going on between your two ears that prevents you from doing that one of the best things I tell people is you can learn to compress time, and actually create time where you previously thought it didn't exist. It's possible. And I can show you how to do that. I might even touch on a little bit of that, during our main training here, a little bit of that during the VIP, if you want to know more on the time management kind of stuff. I don't normally go into that during this five day intensive but if you'd like me to touch on some of that, feel free to ask some questions in the VIP ask some questions. In the comments. We can touch on some of that. But what I what I tell people to do is any task that you're doing in your business, you can shrink how long it actually takes to do it. Because 99% of the time we are procrastinating, we're overthinking we're over analyzing all the ways that it could go wrong. All the ways that we want it to go right. And our desire for things to actually go how we want causes us to delay our success. I was doing that myself. When I started my business. I was literally delaying my own incredible business. And you know, I'm to this day and I kind of kicked myself for that. Because I'm like, like, you know, I'm not really kick myself. I'm a huge proponent of self love and self compassion. And I think that that's the fuel that actually helps us be successful. But I'm kind of like, Oh, shucks, man. You know, like if I had if I had actually put an offer out there sooner How much further ahead? Would my own business be? Just, I just I look back at that if I had to do it again today. And so hopefully like, why am I sharing all this with you is because I just I want you to realize that no matter where you're at in your journey, creating an offer that people sign up with, with their name and email address, and doing a video presentation of one slice of your system that solves one problem that people have, and then giving a call to action to those people to either join you for another training another, another offer a paid class, an upsell, whatever that is, that's the single best way to grow a mentorship business right now. And what we call them as virtual events is really the number one strategy for doing so whether it's a 90 minute virtual event on a Saturday, where you're teaching for 90 minutes a topic, or you're doing a five day virtual event, like we're doing here right now, or you do it for four weeks in a row, I know somebody who did a real estate one, four weeks in a row close to $100,000, in sales. After four weeks of this, we spent maybe like two grand each week on that, and it made $200,000 This is with my friend of mine, Georgia and banned off, he had partnered with another coach, and they had worked together. And they had asked me to help with some of the Facebook ads for this real estate offer. And it sold like crazy, okay. And so with that, like, that's what you want to do, you want to have an offer that you're going to put out there that grows your email list that allows you to present to people. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna get better at selling over time, sales is a skill so that you can grow it, you're gonna get better at doing your presentation, giving your presentation, closing sales, getting people to buy from you. But that happens by actually getting people in front of you actually getting them to register actually getting them to show up, overall. And so that's what that's what we broke down yesterday, if we if we take a look at these six steps right here, right? You got your niche topic, we're going to read our sales copy, we're going to put the landing page together where they sign up with their name and email address, we're going to promote it out there to get some people registered. And then you're going to do a talk to people. And if and if you if you struggle to do talks, one of the best ways to grow in your confidence to do a talk on video, you see me here today talking to you. I never used to be this confident on video, I was so not confident in a lot of my early video content, especially if you go to my YouTube channel, you can see it I did not believe in myself at all. This is a skill set that I I have grown in by actually doing it. A lot of people seem to think that like this takes a long time to do as well. It happens by going out there and actually doing it. And the number one best thing that you can do is this process right here. Okay. So what you want to have is you want to have one offer that you're selling to people. And then you want to have some kind of a lead magnet offer that people sign up for with their name and email address. And the best way that I like is either a webinar offer or like a five day intensive type offer. And then what those two do is they're actually very much interconnected with each other as far as the long term goal. So the free offer is what gets people started. That's where you bring people in the door, you get them started. That's what I do with my starting your mentorship business, getting more clients with Facebook ads, getting more clients with webinars, I'm getting people started on this journey. For me, all roads lead to developing your offer and specifically putting your offer copy together and then promoting it out there to actually get people to register with you. And then you delivering that presentation to people. Okay, so those three steps of actually creating the offer, creating the landing page, promoting it out to people and delivering some kind of a presentation on video. Best method fastest way to reach your goals. Any other methodology either borrows from this, but but honestly today, I believe is inferior to this process. But you're going to end up working harder than you need to that This is this actually streamlines multiple steps in the journey for you to be able to do this. Okay? It streamlines the amount of time it's actually going to take you see a lot of people think they look at this and like, wow, that's there's a lot of steps in there, that's going to be time consuming. The alternative ways of building a coaching and mentorship business are astronomically more time consuming, overall. Okay. And so this is the most leveraged strategy right here. That is also the lowest risk, because you're experimenting, you're seeing, how are people responding? Are they resonating? Are they signing up? Are they registering for it? Are they connecting, and that's what we work with our clients with in the accelerator program, not just one offer. But let's analyze the results together, let's build your second offer and your third offer, and start to dial that in. By the way, when you do a second or third offer. Most of the time, you're not like rebuilding all of this from scratch, you're just tweaking Step number two, and three, just a little bit, and then putting it back out there. And you're optimizing, you're pulling the levers a little bit based off of the feedback that you get from people. Okay, so what you're doing is you're you're you're creating something,

[583:24] Speaker 0: a tool for you, that grows your email list, and presents your coaching program to people. And you're optimizing the words and the language that you use that actually get those people to show up to listen to you, and then convert those people to sales. That's really the focus of 99% of your sales and marketing. When it comes to this model that we do with our mentorship businesses, is we're just we're dialing in that language, when we deliver our presentation, we're dialing in that language on our landing page, or dialing in the language and our Facebook ads to get it aligned with and better aligned with who is the best fit to work with us and our programs. And so I walked you through a few of those little steps with chat GPT. Yesterday, we're gonna go back through that just a little bit here. I'm gonna actually try one of these other niches out here. And I'm going to show you how this works. We're going to do journalism, coaching, because I think that that one is so like, unique. And we're going to play around with that, actually, let's do children's book writing. I actually know a lady that does children's book writing coaching, makes good money with it, and how we would craft an offer from scratch around that niche. So basically, the target client would be people that want to write children's books. Okay? So that's what you want to identify. Who are you helping? What result do they want, there's always some kind of an end outcome and result that you're selling to people. If you don't have the chat GBT prompt download again, go grab it. Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT. Go grab the download document. And this is where we go and we play around with we that's the first section of the document right here. We start we put in this sales copywriter. Customer instruction. We're gonna put that one in right there. And we're going to tell it, write a sales letter for a free webinar. You got to tweak it just a little bit. For a free webinar, not based on the above what you do for a children's book writing mentor, who is hosting a live webinar to get people started writing children's books. Great. So like just a few words. You use that to describe what you're doing a lot. You're in a storyteller. Write a children's book in 30 days or less. And with AI I mean, you can really do this quickly. Do you have a magical story bubbling inside you just waiting to burst out to enchant little hearts. Imagine seeing your name on the cover of the next beloved children's book is not a pipe dream. It's your time to shine. I've helped 1000s People like you discover the unique gifts and create a life they love. three elements of creating a children's book, I never knew it would be easier. But Sandy, I'm not a writer Hey, who said you have to be Jate JK Rowling to write a children's book if you've got a story. Well, we've got the tools to help. And so this could be one side of it. You could also show people All like specifically how to use AI to put something like that together. We we want to show people how to use AI to write a book. Can you tweak the above based on this, also write it in the tone of voice of the authors of these children's books that they will craft your children's book with the magic of AI unlock future storytelling. Ever thought of combining the age old art of storytelling with AI. Picture your name on a spellbinding children's book co authored by you and AI. I'm crazy excited to guide you through this process. If you're a fan of JK Rowling or Dr. Seuss, you're in for a treat. What makes me your go to guide I've helped mentor people turn their dreams into dollar signs. AI is your co author the express lane to publishing publishers golden ticket, perfect. So the idea is this gives us like that initial push with our copy again, I wouldn't just use it straight out the box. Also, I need to tell you this, you you need to make sure that you're using chat GBT plus the paid version of this. Because you're not going to get the same outputs with the free version. So $20 a month gives you access to GPT. Four. And what we use with GPT. Four is we use advanced data analysis, which is a the most powerful version of of chat CBT that you can use. It's the most powerful AI that exists today. So you want to turn on advanced data analysis and actually use that mode. It's under beta features. Once you have the paid version of chat CBT, the free version GPT 3.5 is not anywhere near as good at writing, sales copy and putting stuff like this together. Like let me just show you what the free version would do for the same prompt here. Write a sales letter. Are you a budding author looking to embark in a magical journey ready? Do you have a story in your heart? Well, you're in for a treat, I can tell you absolutely can write books, I spent years mentoring aspiring authors join me for a free live webinar where I'm gonna spill the beans on how to get started with children's book, finding your inner child plotting your adventure. So again, not bad, but not nearly as good as the like, the way that it's painting a picture of what's possible here with GPT four. Okay. And so then what we have here, again, under sales copy in the prompt document. Every single offer that we create, uses this process with this prompt document. One of the things that I do also recommend doing, by the way for whatever your niche is, go find your competitors that exist that are out there that are also doing similar things. Okay? How do you find them? Well, you can go on Amazon, you can type in children's book writing, you can find what are the top everything, the everything guide to writing children's books. You can see what kind of language people are using, what kind of bullet points they're using for best selling books, and you can bring that into some of the copy that you're writing. So like for instance, if I was gonna actually just just take this book right here, I would use a different prompt where I would actually paste that into here. And then I would tell chat GPT to create a webinar based on that content. Write a sales letter based on the above and a conversational persuasive tone. Become a successful author. Are you tired of letting a captivating story gather dust and a journal? Do you have a drawer stuffed full of manuscripts that can be the next big hit, I get it breaking into the world of publishing. It's like cracking the safe. Here's the real problem. You don't just need a good story. You need the right strategies to make publishers notice. Okay, so like for instance, this we were able to actually take it's leaning more into like the book proposal and marketing side of things by taking this book right here the description that's on Amazon, copying that into chat, GBT some of this text, and then having it create copy for you that's based off of what already exists that's out there, which is really cool. Okay. You can also use a tool called answer the public.com. Answer the public.com lets you type in different topics. children's book writing And you can find different. What are the search terms that people are actually looking for related to these topics? And will then pull up some of those search terms you can see? Who are the ranking websites for these different topics? Why write a children's book? How to author a children's book? These are how people are asking it, how to write a children's book in nine steps. Kindlepreneur Oh, look at that. Kindlepreneur is actually when I that I keep coming back to around like the writing niche. Okay, how do you write a children's book and get them published? Here's an article on this, oh, look, your free children's book checklists. So you can actually look at, they have an opt in offer right here for a free checklist. If you just give me your name and email address, to get you on their email list, and then I guarantee you they're hosting webinars, and trainings, and doing all the same stuff that we're telling you to do. Once you're on their email list to get you to become a client of the Kindlepreneur program, which I'm looking at, like what here what they have is they have a number of different offers that they promote to people tools and services. They have a look at that a book launch strategy offer

[742:32] Speaker 0: toolkit offer publisher, so they have different affiliate offers to that they promote different things like that. So that will give you kind of like a bird's eye view as to like, what questions people are saying, how are they written? Where to start when writing a children's book, again, Googling all this, finding what these questions are seeing what exists out there. As far as videos go. This can help you put stuff like this together. Any video that's on YouTube, right here, you can click on these dots right here, show transcript, and it will actually have an entire transcript of the video. Anybody's video that pops up here. I haven't even watched this video, but I can literally copy this transcript. And then we ask chat GPT the same question. We're going to paste the transcript in there. And then we're going to tell chat GPT to write a sales letter. Based off of the transcript of a video about writing a children's book, discover the eight step formula for writing children's books that kids will love. You're here because you got a book bowling inside of you. Let me guess writing it has been has to be simple. It's short, it's fun, I can finish it no time, suddenly, you're overwhelmed with questions. What age is this for? How do I even begin to illustrate? Okay, so like, these are three different ways to kind of get the juices going to start to create your sales copy that we tell people to do. Go look at what's on YouTube, go take a look at answer the public go look at books that are out there and start to have chat GPT generate a few versions of different sales letters based around these types of things. So we got basically we have three different versions of our sales letter three different sort of angles to take that we can look at. And then we can go through and we can answer all these like what are the pain points and start to craft and build out your sales copy in a way that's really effective and persuasive. And this is where chat GVT really excels as being able to do this. Okay, so like let's just type this in right here. Answer the following questions, pain points for the target customer. Overwhelmed with the process time constraint, fear of irrelevance, or read their book won't resonate with children or parents. Here's something that I do as a practice for myself when I'm creating offers, as I'll go through and I'll generate like four or five different sales letters based off of transcripts from YouTube videos of competitors, based off of their own sales letters, and I'll have it break down what are the pain points of this sales letter? What are the pain points of this video, and then I look at by scrutinizing, and by being very critical of the copy. I look at how relevant is the generated copy that is generating to what I'm actually looking to launch to people. Okay, so it's generating all of this right here for us different ways of wording the offer different ways of putting together the sales copy how to say it. And sales copywriting is very different from just normal writing. It's persuasive writing. If you want to learn more about writing sales letters and creating sales letters. There's a great book that I do recommend called The Ultimate Sales Letter. And this has to do with If you're paid offers, this has to do with your free offers. We recommend everybody who joins our mentorship program to read this book, to check this out to get a real grasp on how to create the best sales letters in their business. And so I'm not going to go through here, I walked you through the different prompts that you can use, I already showed you how you can go through you paste them in, you do this, I don't want to take like the next 30 minutes just pasting these prompts in and doing this, I want you to do this in your own time, we're we're going to be doing this where we're going to be going through this where you can go through this together yourself and come up with some of that sales copy. What I want, what I now want to show you is I want to take you to this step right here. The actual landing page itself, I got some new markers, which is also cool. I just ordered these last night. The landing page, once you have your sales copy written, you have to actually put it on a page that actually gets people to sign up. And so these are some of the questions that people ask me like Jeremiah, what platforms do you use to actually build everything out in? What are the technology nuts and bolts that I need to know. We want to keep it very simple. Again, write your sales, copy, work with chat, GPT go through these different prompts start to develop out your sales copy. Like what we're doing right here, I really liked what this one's generating. So I'm gonna keep kind of playing around with it for a little bit here. I'm gonna be doing it in the background, while I'm also talking to you, I'm gonna flip the screen over here. Okay. We'll come back to that here in a second. Once you have the sales copy written, that's like our first step, we put the sales copy together. What I'll also do is I use a site that I really like called Graphic River, graphic river, or actually no photo Dune, that's what it is photo dune dotnet. I'll go in and I'll look for some stock photos that match what our offer is writing a book. Let's find some stock photo, maybe somebody's writing a book. Here's somebody writing right here. Somebody's writing a book writing in a notebook. Okay. Let's let's do child reading a book. Let's say you're doing that children's book offer. Here we go. Boom. Oh, I love this. Any of these photos right here would go really well with this whole, like, children's book offer idea. This idea of writing a children's book, because what you're doing is I love using stock photos on our landing page because they act as virtual reality. They demonstrate and they show to people what it is that they're going to experience. I'm going to show you how we use this on our on our page. If we if I have a page right here. I have my photo here this is it's also important to have your own photo if you're a mentor, or coach, have a picture of yourself. Because people are going to resonate with you, they're going to resonate with seeing you and and that's very important to do that but having stock photos. So you notice this is my sales copy that we generated with Chad CPT. Is there my headlines. But then I have stock photos right here that are like virtual reality of who I'm trying to communicate and connect with. Here's a photo of my wife and I are a little guys a little bit older than that. Now. Here's another stock photo right here. Happy people. Somebody's working on his course he's recording a course with a with a cell phone right here. Okay. So utilizing stock photos, finding those that also correlate with your sales copy is a great idea. There's a prompt that you can actually do. What are some search terms? To find great stock photos to go with this offer? You can ask chat JpT to see what kind of search terms to look up to find some stock photos. children's book illustration writing desk author at work, storytelling, you know, let's look that up. Let's do author at work. Oh, here we go. Yep. Somebody's writing a book, somebody's typing a book. This would be you know, an a children's story author while she's writing the book, right here. You could use that to correlate with the stock photo that's on there. Now here's what we recommend that you do as far as like your landing page and stuff goes. We build everything in my business with Squarespace. Squarespace is one of The most cost effective and easiest to learn platforms that are out there. Anybody can get started for free with an account to go create a landing page with Squarespace very easily. Okay, so they have all these like little templates, and you can choose a template and start to create a landing page or to create a site using Squarespace really quickly. If I scroll down here, I actually use these templates from the earlier version of Squarespace, because I prefer these ones. And so the one of the template designs that I really like is Bedford. This is the one that I actually personally use on my site. And so what this does, this automatically now gives you a simple site that you can use. And in our accelerator, I have a full course where I'm going to break down all the nuts and bolts of this. But I just want to show you like it's all drag and drop, you go in here, you you can type in your sales copy, you can change these images. If we go in and we create a page to promote our offer. This is basically what it gives you. It's a blank page right here blank canvas. And so what I'll do is I'll go find like some of our sales copy.

[901:06] Speaker 0: Let's let's, let's have it generate right here real quick. We're going to skip a few steps. And I'm going to have it generate some sales copy and a headline for us here real quick. Just to show you how easy this is to put together. You tired of feeling overwhelmed and stuck in the process of writing a children's book. You have an incredible story inside you just itching to get out but you're overwhelmed. I get it. I've been there a few years ago, I was like you as a kindergarten teacher narrating stories to my my students seeing their eyes light up, how can I turn this into a book. That's why I created this free webinar a lock your children's book, The eight step formula to writing books that kids will love again, remember, this is this copy is based off of that YouTube video that I copied the transcript from right here. It basically reverse engineered her video into a some sales copy to give us some ideas. Okay. So like if we just take this right here

[919:15] Speaker 0: and you paste that right into Squarespace. You can go here you can edit the size of the headlines do stuff like this. But the text here, let's say that you went and you go you went and grabbed a you know on photo dune you went and grabbed a photo of again, you'll you'll want to buy these photos. They're only like five bucks to buy them. Let's just say you're gonna use this photo right here. Let's say that you bought this photo, you're going to use this on your landing page. Okay. I'm going to go in here to Squarespace, I'm going to add this picture images. I'm going to upload this picture file right here on my desktop

[936:22] Speaker 0: I'm going to drag this over here. Put that right there. Okay, maybe I don't like the font on this page right here. So let's go into the design elements of Squarespace and let's play around with some of the site styles. Let's go here. Let's change this font. Not from this one. Let's let's use something like Ubuntu a little bit easier to read. Let's make the size a little bit a little bit larger on this. Okay, there we go. Perfect. Let's let's add this. Let's put this into a bulleted list. Kind of just you know you just go through and you clean it up. You clean up some of the sales copy that chat GPT generates and go through we can do this. If we throw in a knock another photo down here. And then we have a knot this form right here. I would actually delete this one from the footer here in Squarespace. Anything that's in here, you can delete you can remove I just press Delete on my keyboard and it disappeared

[957:51] Speaker 0: you add a newsletter form right here. And then what this is, is this where you can say instead of it we're saying subscribe say join our free training this Saturday. Jump in I don't know what, September 30 at 11am to learn how to write your, your first children's book, boom, okay, you can connect this under Storage, I don't use Squarespace has built an email system, I don't like it, I use MailChimp for our email, you can connect it to MailChimp. So then those emails actually go into MailChimp, this email software, and it will automatically send auto responders to people, once they're in MailChimp that remind them you can send reminder emails, you can send a future marketing emails, we use this to send people the links to join us in our Facebook group and our zoom meetings. So we have zoom, we go grab the links from zoom, we might go grab our links from our Facebook group, and you guys all got those emails sent to you in your inbox that we sent out when you joined this training right here. So it's the same process that you signed up for. For this training. If we if we take a look at the landing page that you signed up for this training on right here, it's the same exact process. Same thing. We have the sales copy, we have this text, you sign up on a form right here, put in your name and email address. You got an email that said thank you for joining. In fact, let me see if you know some of these. Yeah, thank you for joining. Nope, that's not it. You got an email that says how to how to upgrade if you got the VIP upgrade you got that sent to you in an email. And so that's how we ended up then communicating with people and telling them to join us in the Facebook group to join us on a zoom call to join us for that different type of stuff like that. One of the last things that we also do is we use Canva to create any of our graphics. So canva.com is a tool that allows you to put graphics together for different offers that you do. So like these were some different offers that I lost right here. Started a highly profitable online group mentorship with AI. This is a graphic right here, that we're able to take a template edit, I added in my photo right here into Canva. We changed the text we added in the details, the date and time exported this download it let's let's change that. Let's copy this and let's change the text to something else. Watch this. Let me see where do I I know. Make a copy. I don't want to delete this one. So let's see I'm writing a best selling children's book from scratch. Let's say like that would that was that would be the webinar that I'm doing. Okay. I can download this image from Canva. You can use any of the templates they have. They got a lot of great templates that you can edit that are in here and put your title into. We download that. And then you can go into Squarespace. Let's add this to the top here

[1018:24] Speaker 0: we see where's the where's the image write a best selling children's book from scratch? Boom. There's our graphic. Or maybe we want to improve our headline generate me a and in fact, we have a prompt for headlines right here. Headline generator generate me a headline that talks about the promised outcome. Let's see. Let's have it go through this process. Which at GBT to create the best headline, a lock your children's book and eight steps even if you've never written a word before. I love this because it addresses the objection at the end of it. That's our headline formula that we use generate me 20 more headlines. Exactly like the above. Let's go kitty. She hasn't made an appearance yet. Here's Miss Kitty right here. She's here in the office. Say hi. She's 10 years old. She's been with me the last 10 years. We got her when she was a little kitten. And she's been here in my office even before I got married, so So what we're doing is we're having chats. UBT come up with these different variations of different headlines. A headline is a great hook that hooks people in that speaks to what the goal is that they have. And you can have chat GBT To generate really strong headlines with this, let's see, combine the above in the best strongest version, become a published best selling Child Child author with five star reviews, even if you've never written a word have zero experience and don't know where to start. Now that my friends is a killer headline that is really good. It combined all of these different types of headlines a lot right and published children's book that's love for generations, he was never written a word in order to start or feel overwhelmed. I like the first one a little bit better. So we're able to then paste instead of this being the headline. We're able to paste this in here, this new one. This is more powerful headline about becoming a published author.

[1052:29] Speaker 0: Let's copy that text. Let's add this step back down here. We changed it back to normal text. I would not use centered text for most of what you're doing.

[1056:51] Speaker 0: So little tip for you. There we go. So now I mean in like 10 minutes, we have a draft offer ready to go. That we can invite people to join us for a training become a published best selling author, if this is what you were marketing. We now have the all the sales copy elements, we got the hook right here. And really these are the most important aspects. This sales copy right here, you can add more to this. Like you can add your biography. If you notice, like I have my bio on here. You can add more elements of like what you're going to teach day 134 And five, and one thing that you can do is you can actually copy my sales copy right here and watch this. Rewrite the following. sales copy based on the above, this is a really cool function of chat GBT, where it will actually rewrite existing sales copy

[1074:48] Speaker 0: based on all the above, like main context, okay, so this is actually it's not really based off of actually writing a book. So let's change this here real quick. Based on the above, writing a chilled children's book, keep it relevant to this topic, not the topic of the template below. And I'll put a template. So I'm telling it that below my sales letter is a template of how I want it to write it sales copy, and it will rewrite it. Here's a sneak peek of what you'll get crafting your children's book idea. Many aspiring authors are stuck on the idea stage. Look at this, this is awesome. nailing your narrative for maximum resonance. The magic words that capture young hearts language is key, especially when writing for kids. demystifying illustrations and publishing turning your children's book into a selling success. So this is great. This is like some great copy that if you wanted to add even more into it. It's rewriting what I wrote right here on my sales letter, and it's crafting it the AI is literally taking the same framework that we use, that's proven that works for sales letters, and it's crafting it and rewriting it for this specific topic of whatever your sales letter is like now we can go into by take this copy right here. I can paste this right here on our landing page

[1103:00] Speaker 0: you know, now we have like even more sections put together for our landing page, we could add maybe a few more different stock photos into here. Let's take you know let's let's take a photo of authoring a book. Let's do this. Now again, remember I said you're gonna want to, you're gonna want to buy these photos, but these are some great ideas. Some great ways to do this. Here researching writing a book by reading other books. That's a great that's a great, great one. We're gonna save that. We're going to go in here we're going to add this add this as an image

[1119:00] Speaker 0: add this one is an image oops I think it's struggled, yo. Drag and drop it over here. Okay, so you can see like how easy it is to put together a landing page that people can sign up for you set up your autoresponder emails in MailChimp. Invite people to join you for a training, you can send them links to stuff that way, it's very easy, very simple to launch some kind of an offer to reach people and, and we've reached the top of our training here to today, the top of the hour again, I do gotta go over to the VIP, I wish I could unpack this even more today with you. That's why we still have two more days. Tomorrow, we're gonna dive even deeper into the systems into the platforms into what we use to actually deliver our coaching, as well as how to set up the Facebook ads, what to do with the Facebook ads and how to deliver a world class presentation. Once you get people on your email list, how to turn them into a client. So that's all that's still coming ahead the next two days for this. But here's what I just I just want to encourage you with okay, I know that maybe some of this might seem overwhelming, when you start to get into it, it's a lot simpler than it seems okay. And this process of putting an offer out there, where you're connecting with a potential prospect around a specific topic, you're writing your offer copy, you're getting people to join your email list. And you're and you're closing sales of those people. That's the best way to grow a mentorship business, that's the best way to get clients in your business, bar none. It's the simplest way, it's the lowest least amount of work as well, I only work five to 10 hours a week in my business. It's the lowest amount of work for you to actually reach that result that you want. Okay. And again, let's I do apologize, we've gone over again, today, I can't seem to end for the training. But I appreciate that you're here, I appreciate that you're spending this time with us. Thanks. Those that are that are here, I'm gonna go head on over to the VIP, we're gonna be able to unpack some of these, these topics of these questions, we're gonna break down tomorrow, what platform to use for your coaching, how to set up those Facebook ads, and how to deliver results for you to actually convert into paid clients, and how to deliver results for your clients themselves as well. Remember, I mentioned on day five, day four, and day five, we have a free giveaway that if you stay through all five days, there's a free gift that I'm gonna be giving you at the end of this. But you got to stick through all five days to be able to get access to this free gift. Everybody who is here is eligible for it. If you go through and you stick with us through day five, whether you're watching the recording, or you watch it live before next week, though, you got to at least watch through the content all five days to be able to qualify to get the to get that free gift. So make sure to to to go through the content, whether you're if you're watching the recording. Maybe you're like you know what, I got everything I need Jeremiah. Awesome, that's great. I, here's what I would recommend, okay. If you have not yet joined the waiting list for our client growth accelerator, jump on the waiting list for it. When we do open the doors, I'll send you an email, I'll let you know when the door is open for it. And then you can enroll in that and then we'll be able to work together to start to build your offer your program. So start to craft all the technology pieces, all the nuts and bolts of putting everything together. How do you actually present how do you actually close sales? How do you actually get people to become clients with you? We're gonna be still going over that the next two days, I'm still I'm still teaching that the next two days in the accelerator, that's where we're gonna be able to actually take time over the next couple of months and actually work together testing. Seeing, okay, is this working, experimenting? What kind of results do we get analyzing those results and putting it into practice and going beyond just these five days together to really start to get you those results that you want. So of course You can, you can always go about it on your own, you can go about doing this on your own. In my experience, I found that when people have somebody that they that's working with them as well as they have the the sort of the pressure of being a part of a program. There's some really healthy peer pressure, being a part of a program with other people that are working towards a goal that are building together. And I think that that's one of the really incredible benefits as well of our accelerator program. And so jump on the waiting list. When we do open the doors to that you will be the first to know for the rest of you. I cannot wait to see you tomorrow to break down how we actually attract the right clients to us, with our offer, get the right people to show up. And I'm gonna go hop on over to our VIP here to answer your questions. I'll see you in just a sec. We'll talk soon. Have a good one.

