VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2023-08-16T21:20:28.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: 6rLE-h-B5tmP0VrjCx1pwj-S4XI
---

[0:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's see here. Let's go let's go let's go

[4:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: got our waiting room over here

[6:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: recording we're gonna go live in our CGA group captured him bite the three

[11:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, go live. There we are, we're alive

[15:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: bring everybody up. All right. Hello, hello, hello, welcome. Welcome over to the VIP day number three. That was where I had the most cohesive, you know, thread to where we are today. And so, thanks for being here, I had to mute somebody, I mute everybody as they come in, because it seems like everybody's got their microphones on and things like that. I'm gonna go over this tomorrow. But just while I have you guys here, I want to show you, it was the thing that I was like, so excited that I was like you guys are gonna have to see this tomorrow is how I actually utilize my swipe file to do some crazy stuff I just showed a friend of mine this the other day. And we're this is how I utilize to write a lot of our sales letters as part of my creativity process. So I'll do what I walked you through in today's lesson that's like stage one of creating our sales copy. But the swipe file is a big piece of that for this reason. We just ran a campaign with my mom this past week that we uploaded. And I'll show you kind of what we did and utilize for this. But here's how the swipe file can be can be implemented. I'm just gonna take this sales letter right here. Yeah, this one's good. Let me share my screen

[40:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. Okay, so this is a sales letter right here, I copied it to my swipe file. And this is something that I love to do is once we like develop out all those different ideas for our offer and the emotion behind it, I'll copy the swipe file.

[45:16] Speaker 0: Like sales letter, I'll copy what the what the what it is. And we have all of this data because it reads all of this above here. And this is a simple prompt that I use, you can literally take any advertising campaign, any email that you find in your inbox, and any landing page and do this. And it's going to like blow up your brainstorming ability to level 100. Rewrite the following. And then you're going to describe what it is whether it's an email, a Facebook ad, or a landing page. And so I'm going to put landing page sales copy

[56:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: based on the above context, information related

[57:49] Speaker 0: to trauma informed weight loss, okay. So you want to describe like what it is you want to remind it to make it about the stuff that's up above here, you kind of it's like you're directing, not really a child, but like somebody who really needs to be micromanaged. That's basically what Chad's CBT is, it's like you have to heavily micromanage it. And then at that point, it gives you what you want. So rewrite the following landing page copy, I'm going to take just this random, like this has nothing to do with weight loss right here. Obviously, nothing to do with it at all. But I'm going to copy this and I'm gonna say rewrite the following landing page sales copy based on the above context. And then I'm gonna paste that whole sales letter in here. And that's going to create a brand new original sales letter that follows the cadence of that other sales letter that we just copied. Five day faith driven transformation challenge, how would your life be if you could align your mind body and spirit to overcome traumas and step into the vision that God has for your health? Next challenge starts this day. Have you ever felt like your body and spirit are misaligned dream of transforming your health and deepening your relationship with God? Have you faced doubts like this? You're not alone we've guided and so what it's doing is it actually took this is literally this copyright here. Are you dreaming of turning your passion into a full time business does your prospect maybe you've thought about these question stones. So it's literally rewriting existing sales copy from other marketers in the format of what our niches and you can take this for literally any sales letter. Let me just take this one right here from actually let me try this let's do Richard dine sales letter, this one's a pretty good one, I'm going to copy his. And

[86:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's let's stop it from doing that right here. I'm going to copy his right here. And we're going to ask it to do the exact same thing. Rewrite the following sales letter copy based on the context above, and we're going to have it resubmit, reprocess the same command.

[92:02] Speaker 0: rediscover your spiritual strengths, how to align your from trauma, heal from trauma, aligning your body and soul, wondering how to tap into the divine plan that God has for your health transformation challenge starts this day, a heartfelt letter to every Christian woman seeking healing and transformation. If you're yearning for a deeper connection, you're not alone. Here's the truth. And so it's going to rewrite an already successful sales letter that we that we found. See, it's the same cadence of writing, if you're struggling with us an open letter to all coaches who want to grow their business. So it's literally rewriting the content

[102:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: of somebody else's sales letter to match your niche. And we can, we can legitimately do this. For any offer, rewrite the following sales letter, based on the above context of networking inside of the theater community, we're gonna take Richard sales letter, we're going to throw it in there, just like we did right here. And so we use this for brainstorming, here's how that how I would do this, I would take the output that it's giving me right here. And I would copy the lines that really grabbed me that really grabbed my attention that really sound like something that would grab my attention if I was reading it. And I start to compile those into a separate document. And then we start to create the best ultimate version of our sales letter that has the strongest language that has the best emotion that's going to pull people that's going to that's going to get them to take action with us just by reverse engineering and copying existing sales copies to a swipe file, and then telling it to rewrite them using chat GPT. This way, you can do the exact same thing with Facebook ads as well. We just did this this past week. With my mom. She has a book that she just launched. And I'm going to give you a little bit of behind the scenes on how we wrote the Facebook ads. So I wrote this sales letter, which I did the same process, with Russell Brunson this traffic secrets landing page. I took Russell Brunson this traffic secrets landing page told it to rewrite it from my mom's stock market offer right here. And then I edited it, obviously, you're gonna want to edit it. So it's accurate. It fits in alignment with how you want to do things. You want to correct it to go in different directions. But then to write the Facebook ads, all I did was I just copied the sales letter. I went into the Facebook ads library right here where you can literally find anybody's Facebook ads that are running ads right now in the marketplace. You can find their ads. So I've got so I wouldn't right here. Russell Brunson. Here's one of his traffic secrets ads copied his ad copy right here. We don't need to reinvent the wheel, my friends. And I actually let's try it for the theater one right here. Rewrite the following Facebook ad based on the above context of the theater networking offered. Let's say that's your you created a book around that. So we took an existing ad that was written that we know is performing and now it's going to rewrite it for the niche that we're looking to do dream of making it big in the theater world without countless auditions without relying solely on casting agencies without feeling lost. Yes, it's possible. Okay, so now we got to change the name because it pulled in Richard dines name in there. But see where like, you're able to brainstorm and come up with ideas of how to communicate your messaging with so much more dimension and emotion than just asking chat GBT give me a couple ideas of how to say this to people. I'm gonna break that down in the main session tomorrow. I'm gonna go a little bit slower through it for everybody as to how we utilize this. There's even more layers to it, and then building our landing pages out but I wanted to show you guys that before we kind of go into the questions here right now. Amanda, what's up Amanda, how are you?

[158:47] Speaker 1: I'm wonderful. How

[158:59] Speaker 2: are you? Good.

[159:37] Speaker 1: My mind is blown. This jet chat GPT stuff is amazing. It's entering so many questions. Yep. My question today is actually probably would have been better to ask for day one about my niche. Is it okay that I asked it today? Yeah. So I'm just getting into a new niche, because it's just the direction that my life is going. I'm a new caregiver for my grandmother who has dementia. And I already have been working in the making money online space. And I have been noticing in the groups that I'm part of like support groups, that people are commenting and making, having questions and telling their stories about how much they're struggling, because they've had to quit their job to care full time for people. So I see that there's like a need there. And when it comes, yeah, so I understand. You've got a really, really niche down. So I need some clarity on this part. Obviously, caregiver is probably too broad, right? Yeah, you want

[176:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: to find caregivers that want to really supplement their income, while their caregiving, that's actually a great market right there. If we think about that, because they're at home, they need some way to pay the bills, help their parents or family member or whatever. Again, it's not even age related caregiving is not completely age related. I even resonate with that, you know, throughout the years of my life, I found myself sort of balancing the idea of caregiving, whether it be I mean, my, my wife, being at home, pregnant, and then raising our son, I'm helping her care for her and our son throughout the day, while I'm building my business. So like I resonate with the fact of needing to be able to make an income, that doesn't require you to be full time tied to a schedule, all of that actually fits into what you already know how to do. And then you just frame it for people that are looking for an opportunity like that. So not everybody who is a caregiver is looking for that opportunity. That's where you want to niche down as who's actually actively seeking, hoping praying for and, and even the next level, they might even have tried five things before that didn't work out. And that person feels the pain that they're looking for a solution to solve. Somebody who's tried 510 things before it didn't work out, they have more of a desire to finally find something that they trust, that works. Now, the flip side of that is, if they've tried five things before, they're gonna be really skeptical of you, they're gonna be really skeptical of your ability to do that. I know that because that's really the market that I'm in is a lot of people tell me that they come to me as the the 10th, or 15th coaching program, they finally tried. And they're like, super skeptical that I can help them with anything. And I'm like, honestly, I don't know if I can either. Because ultimately, like you're the common denominator in all 15 of those coaching experiences. But with that, I've actually had a lot of testimonies where people say, you know, you've been the 15th program that I've taken, and I finally started making money. And I love hearing that from our clients. And so with that, you'll have to address really building trust with people, it will require some thick skin, because you'll have some people that are kind of negative, they might grill you on different things, things like that. I've had to navigate through those different things myself as well, and how I even structure my presentation, and how I communicate what I do with people. But I think that that's that's a great niche is if we can get specific as to who is actively looking for the solution, then that goes for everybody who's in here with your mentoring businesses as we want to find who's actively searching for it, because then when your ad pops up on the screen for them, it's basically an extension of what's already been going on in their mind. Yeah,

[222:50] Speaker 1: so how do I narrow down to find that specifically, though, and I guess I'm wondering if my mind is getting stuck on the wrong things, because I'm specifically a caregiver for dementia. I'm also a Christian and anything that I do with work. God is in the mix. Yeah, great. And you had you had said something earlier about niching down, you know, and having like a fake, you know, related aspect to it. Should I be focusing on dementia and the faith part or is that your

[232:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: mantra part is necessarily, that might be a little too niche down you could see, talk about the fact that how I am a caregiver with somebody with like, that's part of your story that you share. Yes, talk about how like faith is the most important thing for me and I was looking for a way that I could make money, support my family and not sacrifice my values and faith. And and really, I think that that that becomes now you got a great group of people if you're looking for faith based people that are taking care of their family. Lily in today's I mean, gosh, we have an incredible weird economy going on because it's like people are people are also losing their jobs. And then they have to care for family members who can't work. And we're in a very interesting season in 2023 and 2024, that I don't think the world has ever seen before. And there's, I see it as there is an opportunity for people that can help people that want to make income. In the sort of new, there's like a, everybody's been talking about the new internet economy. Well, we have like a new new internet economy that's happening with AI. And all of that, too, we have all of this technology is starting to progress faster than we than we realize, I spend hours and hours in, like tech communities reading through a lot of that stuff. A lot of the breakthroughs that have happened on the internet and technology in the next five years, we're not even going to recognize the world around us is a big part of that. And so because of that, we have to prove it's a great opportunity to provide resources to help people in those in those areas. Now, how do you find those people? Right? Right, yeah, that's putting the offer together, where you actually create the landing page that provides a way for you to connect with people. And then you promote that often out there to people using paid advertising or organic promotion methods. And so you get people on your email list that fit into that category, a group of people, their caregivers that are faith based, that want to learn, and they're finally willing to take action to do something different to make an income, and you want to get them on your email list. So that then you can present them with what your offer is, that's how you actually find them. So a part that I didn't talk about, and we're going to be going over a lot of this tomorrow as well, is when you're running paid advertising or even organic content, do you want to know how the algorithm finds people, they find it based off of your sales copy. Your sales copy is now what determines who the algorithm shows your offer to. And so if you're going really wide, I tell people, that's why you won't be making a lot of money because a wide ranging offer isn't specific enough for the algorithm to find the right people. But that's why if your offer is really specific to who you can help, that's the best. That's why we're pre qualifying people to be a good fit for us before they even get on our email list. And then by doing that, the algorithm will show your ad and your offer to somebody who fits into that. Now, this is where it becomes challenging. This is where what we work with in our accelerator with people is you might create an offer that you think is perfect, it's perfectly aligned, it's going to get the right people, nobody shows up, there's no sales. What happened. So that's where we need to evaluate and say, Okay, is there certain language that maybe is repelling the right people? Are we attracting the wrong people? Is it not strong enough? Is it not specific enough? And how do we optimize that that's why step number six is optimize by analyzing those results. And as we optimize each month, you'll start to see progress getting better. We had a client on our accelerator this last week, she's like, Okay, I've been doing this for six months. You know, my first offer, nobody showed up. Now I got like 60 people showing up on my VIP. The process works as you dial it in, as you dial in the messaging, as we start to learn, okay, how do we communicate the nuances. The real basis of this whole entire thing is human connection and communication. A lot of people fear that AI is going to remove the human connection from things. I challenge people that are mentors to lean into human connection much deeper. Because by being able to connect with the right people, you can build a successful, profitable business.

[303:11] Speaker 1: Okay, what would it help if I, like just in the beginning, just to get some feedback from actual people in this situation? If I just posted a simple question in the groups that I'm in, you know, like, can anyone else relate to struggling with finances you know, now that we're caregiver, now that you're a caregiver

[308:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: could talk about that you may get some people that are like, she's trying to sell us a stem, and they're all going to be all negative and stuff. I mean, that's the thing is you're gonna see the real humanity of how people respond to things like that.

[312:14] Speaker 1: No, I would approach it from like, my own personal experience, and hey, can anyone else relate Is anyone else going through?

[314:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That you can share that? One thing I do challenge people with and this is just from being in the industry for for so long, is we can we can present things from the perfect perspective and still get negativity thrown at us from people that are on the internet. So understand that that doesn't mean that you did anything wrong if you get negative comments. I mean, yeah, thank you. Yeah, the negative comments is not the type of feedback we're looking for. I tell people, you know, I have no tolerance, zero tolerance for hecklers, debunkers, demystify errs, who are trying to prove that I'm wrong and that everything that I do is a scam. And people shouldn't work with me. You know, and I used to fear like, am I silencing people's opinions? No, I don't, I just don't have the energy to even tolerate having interactions with people that are that are looking to do that that's they can go do that on their own. I'm going to focus on the people that I love working with that are in our, our coaching groups and getting them results. All right. Tracy Tracy, Washington, what's up?

[331:32] Speaker 3: Hello, hello. I got that book. On My Shelf, but so I had to pull it back out. Right book? Yeah. Um, I've been a fan of Dan Kennedy stuff for I don't know, decades. So

[335:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. So you know, a lot of what I'm talking about is,

[336:08] Speaker 3: yeah, I used to be a marketing and a lot of Dan Kennedy's I've got the ultimate. I got probably like seven or eight books written by Dan Kennedy.

[339:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because favorite book by him is his time management book. Yep. Got that one, too. It's actually a it's actually a boundaries book is what it is. It's a book about boundaries, but it's, but the headline of the book is how to manage your time well.

[343:22] Speaker 3: Management, the no BS, I think I have all, no BS books,

[344:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: then the other one that I love is yeah, no BS direct response marketing. I'm what I'm thinking of like little quotes from these books that are just so powerful. He says that, like, every lead that you get that joins your email list is an opportunity to either connect with somebody who's going to be a buyer, or they'll make the decision that they want to unsubscribe from you. And we can't become emotionally attached to any of any of that another book that I love by him as marketing to the affluent and wealthy and being in a way of how a wealthy person thinks, yeah, his name is Dan Kennedy. So Dan Kennedy is like, you could consider him sort of like the grandfather, godfather of the online marketing space of what we're doing. If you look at any of the gurus out there, they're following his system. My mom was mentored by Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer in his mastermind. Yep. And so that's him right there. He's got a bunch of grant books. Yeah, the Ultimate Sales Letter. Marketing to the affluent social media, or just any of his books are really fun to get one thing I'll challenge you on though, anybody who's in here, don't get caught up in reading too many books and not executing in your business that can be a trap that we can fall into. That was a trap that I found myself falling into as well. Reading too much, learning too much and not actually taking action on things. So Right. Yep, yep. What's up? Tracy? How can we help you today?

[368:22] Speaker 3: So today, I have a question about the chat GPT. A couple things as you were going through, are you because I've been trying to train? Chat GPT, so to speak. So are you using the same session when you when you change? The topic, so to speak? So if you're looking for sale? Are you doing one continuous session? So when you are yes, yes.

[375:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I am changing the session? Yes. Okay. It's a new topic. Yeah, I'm changing this. I got I mean, I got you should see how many like per day amount of new sessions that I start in chat. GPT. That's how often I use it. That's one day right there. That's yesterday.

[380:23] Speaker 3: Because I was wondering how to make it go back. And like I asked it to write rewrite my bio, and then to something else. And then I'm like, take, put this part in my bio, and it kind of repeated some things. And then I'm like, okay, so I was trying to train it. And then I've created some transcripts and put put his put some trans Yeah, okay, capture my voice. And then I asked her to do something else. And it kind of spit out this real quirky thing. I'm like, that's not what I asked. So. And then I went over to women, the women's thing I talked about, and it just seemed to be I couldn't like that's not the Yeah,

[391:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's where so what I'll do is, I might have two or three different threads, okay. Okay. And I'm trying to generate pieces of content that I'll put into a text document. And then I'll copy all of that into a new thread. So it has kind of the context that I'm wanting it to use. So I'm able to even combine like three or four threads together, like copying different outputs from three or four different threads.

[397:44] Speaker 3: Ah, okay, that's I was getting some. Yeah, okay. And all the prompts you just used in the session are Are those in that document? Or did you kind of they are.

[400:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're all in that document. Okay. Okay, this

[401:27] Speaker 3: was very helpful like that reverse engineering is a game changer.

[402:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And I, I haven't shown I'm going to show more on like how to do that. I did this with a buddy of mine yesterday, like, I've randomly on the fly, I didn't even know it would work. But it like it was really cool. And it got me thinking like, I've been doing that, but not utilizing it enough. So he wants to create a course on creative lending for investors that want to know how to get approved for loans for real estate, and so specifically to the investment market, that maybe they need to figure out creative ways to finance their real estate, versus like a traditional loan. So I kind of took all of what he told me about what he wanted to teach. And I just copied one of those random sales letters that I had from my swipe file. And I'm like, watch this. And it literally wrote him a whole sales letter for his offer. And he was like, What the heck, dude, he's like, I couldn't come up with any ideas of how to sell that. And it did it in two seconds. I was like, Yeah, that's exactly like how you do that. And then what I would do is I would go through and use the prompts of like, reverse engineering the pain points, and making it even more emotional from that aspect. Going even more emotional with it. As you go through those different steps, it's going to start to inject more of those emotions into it in the algorithm of chat, GPT, it has all this data about a lot of stuff. But it doesn't when you ask it like Oh, write me a sales letter, it's not really very good at doing that. So that's why I had those multiple steps because it really takes all of the pieces that you need for a good sales letter, following what's taught in this book right here to help craft the headlines, the hooks, and the ideas that you have. And you can do the same thing for emails. I do this a lot of time for emails, I got an email swipe file where I get like 5000 email messages a day from different marketers. And so I'll go through there and I'll say, Okay, I want to send an email out about this topic. I'll go find like three or four people's emails, I'll read a couple that are really good. I'll copy in the chat GBT. And I'll say, okay, rewrite this for my webinar that I'm about to send to my email list. And a lot of the emails I send out are done that way. Same with my mom's business, that's how we've been doing a lot of things. So we can save ourselves a lot of time and energy that we used to have to do manually at all, you basically become a sort of this manager for like a junior copywriter, you treat chat GPT as a junior copywriter, that's on your team. But that's why you want to use chat, GBT plus, and use GPT. Four, because 3.5 isn't capable of doing a lot of the stuff that we showed you here. It's just the outputs are like, they're so different from each other. And they're not good quality, if you use the free version. So

[446:40] Speaker 3: I went and got the did that definitely upgraded the I asked it to do something. And the more I learned this on some web, somebody else's training, it's almost like you're talking to it. It's like, oh, that was great. You know, you go a little bit. And I'm like, Tracy, hey, we are on to something now. You know, just get a cup of tea and just sit back and go like

[453:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that all the time. I open up the app on my phone on Android, and they have this little thing it's called whisper. So the Whisper version, there's there's two versions, obviously we know on our phones, we have like voice to text. But the voice to text on our phones is not as good as whisper whisper you could be in a crowded environment, whisper into it, and it'll have perfect dictation for you. It's AI based transcription is all turned on the Whisper mode. And I'll just say, Hey, what's up chat GPT. Let's talk about some ideas. Let's brainstorm ideas for how to come up with a campaign that's going to get more women that are struggling with their weight and need help with their mental health. Some ideas for how to get them on our email list. And so that I'm going to do this, it's going to convert it to text. And I'm going to send it to the chat GBT app and I'll spend time I'll just sit on my couch and just talk to the app right here. Here's some campaign ideas. You can use inspirational stories of women like that. Great free resources, whether it be an e book, A Guide for mental health tips, exercises, healthy eating, create a webinar or workshop, do like an interactive, maybe not a five day, it's actually recommending doing a 30 day wellness and fitness challenge. We need to do mental health and fitness for 30 days when people do like a 30 day trial challenge for 97 bucks. That would be pretty cool. I like that idea. Actually. You could do quizzes, you could do interviews with experts. These are different ways that chat CBT is brainstorming how you can promote your business that way.

[476:54] Speaker 3: Wow. Perfect. Thank you.

[477:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: We did this with my mom her and I were talking the other day about like hey, how do we promote this, this and this and we'll how do we handle this and why do people come back into this? I said mom Just talk to chat GBT and ask I tell it to act as if it's a business consultant. And it's going to consult your business. And then the literally the outputs that gave us were the campaign that we ran that generated $360,000 off of that webinar. As brilliant, as far as using it for that purpose to help you augment your own ideas overall. Okay,

[486:16] Speaker 3: perfect. Thank you.

[486:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, let's see Stacy Brown. What's up, Stacy? Yeah.

[488:30] Speaker 4: So yesterday, I took what you said about, you know, kind of thinking about ways to augment my niche. And so I put a message out on Facebook that was talking about leadership, I asked two specific questions I asked, what is what are some of the what are some of the reasons why you have not pursued leadership? And what are some of the reasons why you did not stay in leadership? The majority of people answered my question. were women. The majority of the women that answered my question were mothers, and the most, the struggle that they had the three main things that they struggled with impostor syndrome, perfectionist, perfectionism, and boundaries, how do I manage being a mom, and being a leader? It was like, they felt like they couldn't do both. Okay, from there, I'm thinking about still going with leadership and mental wellness, because those things all correspond, you know, with mental and creating a program.

[510:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think all I think all mentoring programs, if they don't include some aspect of mental wellness for people around the thing that they're mentoring on, they're missing it. Right. You know, you can mentor people without that there's a lot of mentors, that, that, that that can and do. But I think that to really be effective with people, we got to deal with what's going on up here with people.

[516:52] Speaker 4: So my question is, how do how would I start to create a program or some of the things that I guess I'm a little I'm a little lost that the next step from here, like, Okay,

[521:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: why No? Well, so what I have right here is what you just told me.

[523:21] Speaker 0: I have otter AI is transcribing it right here. Oh, wow. So this is what you just said right here about who they are. And so if I take this in here, and I say context, info, by the way, we I do this often, like with a lot of our clients to context info about offer, and I'm going to put it in brackets right here. And put that at the beginning and end. And then I'm going to say, generate our read the following context info, generate one outline for an eight to 12 week mentorship program, based on the below to generate a sales letter for a free training seminar related to these topics. So we'll start with kind of by utilizing that and then seeing what kind of outputs it's going to give us from from doing that. It looks like the screen had an aneurysm.

[540:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: It looks like it got stuck. Let's see here. Okay. Oh, it's because I put it in the wrong space. That's why. Let's start a new insert a new window right here. Here we go. The most annoying part about chat GPT you gotta wait until it processes at once. Because they only let you do 50 messages every three hours. But you're rarely going to come up to that cap most of the time. There we go. So we're gonna take what you said here, we're gonna throw this in here. See if we can generate this. Here's just some ideas to come up with what this might look like empowering mothers and leadership with mental wellness. Understanding impostor syndrome, perfectionism, establishing boundaries. So this can become kind of a rough outline of what you actually teach each week for your paid program, and then we can start to piece together the actual like, if there's a free offer that you're going to get people on your email list with. That's where we utilize the prompting that we were doing on the main training to where okay, it's going to generate this a lot for later within, or your mother aspiring to take on later. shipbrokers but feel held back by challenges imposter syndrome, perfectionism finding the right balance, this feels really vanilla and kind of dry, but it's gonna get there. Once we add in some of the more emotional aspects of really identifying the deeper elements that go beneath the surface. And you have it start really generating more more of the sales copy that we wanted to do. Let me first off to I need to I forgot, I think I have this turned off here. I need to add it back in here. So let's just do this. We're gonna do this sales copywriter. Start by answering the potential persona questions right here. Struggling to gain traction. Nope, that's not right. That's wrong. Okay, let's fix this. I broke it, I broke it spring. I need to turn this back on. So it knows how to react, how to respond, we're going to take this output that it kind of gave us here, we're going to start a new one. You do nothing with the above. Until I tell you further, you don't usually have to correct your spelling either which at GPT it kind of knows what you want it to do. So that's going to save what it just outputted right here. Let's stop it don't feel like like afraid to like stop it started. Tell it Okay, stop, move forward. Things like that. Because otherwise it can kind of go off on a tangent and waste your time. If you don't like the outputs that it's giving, sometimes you do have to like refresh the screen and do this this is where the technology being only six months old kind of becomes apparent as to how you sort of have to finesse it a little bit to do what you want it's supposed to not do anything because I told it to but sometimes you know it doesn't actually do that

[594:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's it's lost its mind okay, let's wait does this make sense though? I'm like I like how you would do this and then you would come up with how you actually communicate with your prospect This is really weird that this isn't working right here I'm do nothing with the following until I asked you further

[605:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: the chat GPT servers might be like maxed out right now so that happens to unfortunately that is we're at the mercy of it being able to do that yeah, it's having trouble right now it looks like so

[610:12] Speaker 0: sorry about that. Oh, here we go. It looks like it's gonna be able to let us do this now. Let's dive into the psyche of our target customer pain points. struggling to balance motherhood and leadership roles imposter syndrome feeling see it's giving us more language to this feeling inadequate, like a fraud and leadership positions struggling with the need to be perfect in all aspects. feeling isolated on supported. These will be objections that people might have to joining with a training. I don't have time. I don't know if it's going to really help me. Is there a cost can I afford it? So we want to consider all of that to begin with. That's why we started adding this stuff in there. And then going through the the different generation props to be able to do this so

[623:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: based off of kind of what I'm what I'm showing you here, what other like what are you wondering as far as questions goes as far as the next steps for you on this process?

[626:01] Speaker 4: So I mean, utilizing that's kind of where I was stuck at whether how to put it all together. But you know, using Chad GBT it tied it together, like okay, you can utilize these three. Yes. And so now it just would be plugging it into the six steps. Yeah. And going from there. Okay, yeah.

[632:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Become a successful competent leader without compromising family life. That's the ultimate like dream outcome. Right? Right, building a meaningful connection in their network and achieving personal and professional goals. Those are kind of like the three like trifecta of the outcome that we're sort of looking for. And that's where we want to lean into as the whatever the dream outcome that people have through this processes. You want your offer to invite people that want that outcome and, and make a promise to be able to reach that outcome. And really make like a bold, big promise this is where a lot of mentors will miss it, they'll create an offer that's like, we're going to show you how to establish boundaries, how to break past impostor syndrome, and how to, as a mother be a better leader? No, we got to speak to what comes after that, you know, they're a pillar in their community, they are reaching professional goals, they finally have the network they've always wanted. And they have the dream family life too. They sort of it's, it's for the woman who wants to have it all type of a thing, and not sacrifice in any area. And that's where you're sort of promising, like, I'm gonna give you a path to actually get there. Now is 100% of everybody who goes through your mentor ship gonna get there? No, that's their own ability to apply what you teach, but you can give it your very best shot to actually guide them in that direction. That's, that's what I promise people is I give it my very best shot to guide you in the direction that's going to make the results that you want financially in your business. Thanks. Right. All right. Thank you. Yeah, in nonfarm N. You have your hand raised a non fun and

[662:57] Speaker 5: are enough. I'm sorry, I was trying to get back on the button. Yeah. Good evening.

[665:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good evening. How are you?

[665:38] Speaker 5: I'm very well, very well. You're very popular in our home here. My husband calls you. Jerry's Costco. Is it Gary's Costco? Very, you heard him there. So good evening, and good evening, everyone. Good evening. Yeah. My question is, I have a parent coaching business. Okay. And I am helping parents to not just parents, but those that are burdened by today's parenting landscape, toxic directing landscape, to navigate, you know, through the different pitfalls and minefields. Yeah. How to how they can actually still parent their children. So this has to now do with coaches or mentors, because we are then training the trainers. So okay. Yeah. So in training the trainers, those, you know, when we run a challenge on a webinar, we had about, we had quite some people turn out, turn up, but we then had just about three people register. Okay, now, the next one we are doing, we are expecting from 30 to 50. This ending of August, but we are looking at Facebook ads. We tried to put that up. But you know, that just started today, because we just wanted to give you about 10 days or so to start running the ads. Yep. So,

[692:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, check them out. So that's good. Yep.

[693:11] Speaker 5: So I do have I do have many parents, people interested. But what I now want to know is, how can i What are those pain points or not have pain points, I have what keeps them awake at night. But then we're looking at those that want to coach and mentor parents, right. Most of them have children or have had children, they want to give back. They want to their burden. Most of them are Christians, you know, so we're speaking to that market. So I just want to you to help me around one, the pain points. And then you know, how they can get paid, you know, coaching and mentor mentoring other parents that might have had the struggles. Now, the next part of this is that we've had about 60 parent niche list, which helps people to know I want to mentor and coach parents of divorced children, sorry, divorced parents, or children of divorced parents, or I want to coach children of military or I want to coach the disabled. So they have different niches, you know, so we do have, you know, a very good direction, but but I need your input in that, please.

[716:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, just like I kind of did with Stacy is you sort of described what I would bring right into chat GPT right here. And then I sort of go through the prompting process, because you described it really well as to As far as who you're looking for those that have a heart that are burdened by the parenting landscape, uncover the secrets of successful parenting overwhelmed by the challenges in the landscape. Do you feel the call to guide others in their parenting journey, but don't know where to start? Okay, that's kind of like speaking to those that have passion for this. And then how to create sort of, you want to, you want to tap into the desires and pain points of those that want to mentor other parents. So that's where then I would go through these different different prompts and see kind of what it what its output is, I'm not going to go through all of them here right now, I'd say go grab the prompts document. Yeah, go through these different steps. But let's throw a couple of them in here and see what it generates as far as this goes. Because yeah, this is a this is definitely a niche. Friend of mine. His name is Seth doll. He's built a business around spirit, lead families, parenting, and he has a number of offers and webinars that he does in this space as well for parents. So again, Seth doll, he's I mean, he's one of the most amazing humans you'll ever meet. I love him as a person. Yeah, he lives here in Austin, Texas. I met up with him a few times. And that's him right here. He's just He's, uh, he's coaches and mentors. And he has coaches that work with him in his program, too. These are four coaches that work with him helping parents doing that. And so I would even study look at their parent coaching right here. He's got even church coaching. He's developed church ministry programs for different churches, too. So that's what he does is he's like the guru to that space. And he's been doing it for years, curriculum for different churches and things like that. And so in that, like, I would study what he does, I would study what Yeah, but that's still in here in chat GBT. And take a look at

[753:23] Speaker 0: doing it in some of these different pain points, struggling with modern challenges, keeping up with the rapidly changing world, desiring to mentor but lack guidance on how to mentor and even monetize it, maybe they're not going to monetize it, maybe they just want a mentor to yes, that could be a side of it, they don't want to make money from it, but they just really feel a call to be a mentor, feeling overwhelmed. An isolated, they might have concerns about the cost, time commitment, effectiveness, those are usually different concerns that people have about registering fear of failing as a parent concerned about the future children, and then turning their passion into a career, those will be things that we would we might want to address is the sort of,

[764:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're struggling to look at the world around them, and they want to help impact other parents, because they they wish that they could they they can have a redo. Here's another one, they might have adult children that have kids that have rejected them through see. Now that's something that GPT is not going to give you but I just sort of heard that in my mind, like, intuitively, as far as like who your target market might be, they may have. So then I would put that in here. They may have adult children who have rejected them. Yeah, well, you know, that can be a piece of it. And so then we started to kind of dive into some of those different aspects of it, to create a solution that you can mentor these parents mentors, through, like kind of going through the process here with these different problems, creating a webinar or creating a training, and really crafting it around those those desires that they have to be of an impact generationally. I think that's a big part of it. generational impact three, four generations, not just, you know, one generation of impact is apparent. And I think that that's a that that I know that in the Christian audience, a lot of people feel a mandate for that. And, and they call for that, I think, I think I think a lot of people, whether they're willing to admit it or not, they hit you know, an age range of maybe like 50 to 70 years old, and they want to help the next generation not make the same mistakes they did. really tapping into that desire is going to be a big part of this for you.

[790:39] Speaker 5: Yes. All right. So how do I get the otter? How do I get what you've just gone through?

[793:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, yeah, there's a there's a link right here that I can send you in the in the chat. And this this document I'm gonna I'm gonna put it into I'll send it to you right here. Alright, you got it. I just send

[797:59] Speaker 5: it. Yeah, I've seen it. I've seen it. All right. So we've

[798:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: got some of this starting place for you. Yeah, All right. All right, Catherine Mae, how are you today?

[801:20] Speaker 6: Hey, I'm doing good. How are you? Good. Okay, so um, I have a couple of questions. You talk about Facebook ads. I wonder if you'd book ads. When you do ads, you're not getting people to go straight to your offer, you're actually doing Facebook ads to get them on your email list. Is that correct?

[806:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and that changed a couple years ago, because of how, if we, if we send people straight to our offer, it doesn't convert anymore. It did five years ago. The chances of people just finding an ad and signing up with a mentorship offer is it's that's just not how people interact on the internet anymore. They did five years ago, they did even three years ago, COVID changed everything. Because there's a lot of competition in the marketplace with other mentors and coaches. The algorithm as well has made it a lot harder to target our customers. And so the way around it, as we have to get people in sort of like an in between level where you make a presentation to them, as far as being able to get them on your email list, and then sell those people by qualifying them for the next step with you.

[821:17] Speaker 6: How do you qualify them? For the next step? Once you get them on your email list? What I've heard you talk about that now wasn't quite sure if everybody just wants your offer? And then how do you qualify those

[823:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: people you qualify people based off of once your offer is actually working? See, we sort of our goals end up flipping. So like if you're not getting anybody to show up for your offer, we have a goal just to get people to show up, then it flips to where you're actually trying to get the right people to show up. And less like not just anybody do I want on on a webinar or a training with me. A year ago, I would say about 50% of the people that were in our VIP in our webinar, I was just like, how can I make sure that these people like don't show up here anymore, because they were a they weren't becoming buyers of our program, they weren't ready yet for what we're offering. And the responsibility of that goes right back to the sales page that I was using to get them to sign up. So they had an expectation of what they were signing up for. That was very different than the type of client that I wanted. And so because of that, I was attracting a lot of people that weren't a good fit for even the message that we teach in most of my content. They were and this was like super beginner level people. Super non technical, and like they have no not that they don't have technical expertise. Like they couldn't even find the Zoom link for five days level of non technical. Okay, so like, at that point, like, I'm gonna need people that know how to use Zoom at least. I want to make sure that like that, that qualifies them at that point, and really starting to craft and adjust and optimize the language of the offer to dial that in. Now the second part of it is this also though, we have this tool called lookalike audiences on Facebook. So the look alike audience is based off of the people who take action with different offers. As you start dialing in your offer better, your lookalike audience also gets better. And so it's it starts converging in on, it's going to basically only show your ad to the right people at the right time that are looking for what you offer. And that's that's what our that's what we're converging towards to do. And initially, if we don't have like a lookalike audience that's specifically geared around our coaching program that can be difficult to attract those people. And if you have over 2000 people on your email list, that's a good audience to upload into Facebook to use as an initial look alike audience, you can also utilize the organic engagement that you get say on like Instagram reels or Facebook reels to be able to do that to create an initial look alike audience, but my goal is this I build my look alike audience only based off of who is in these VIP sessions with me right here. So I have my audience that I'm targeting for all of my offers is just based off of who upgrades to a VIP because then Facebook tracks and kind of tags, the VIP upgraders and then I say okay, find me more people like those that upgraded to a VIP. And then with that, it gets better and better the more people that we interact with the algorithm starts to get trained better to find better quality people. And so we're actually qualifying them by simply even running the offer itself.

[877:36] Speaker 6: Okay. Do you help with that in your program with clients that go through the 12 month program? Do you kind of walk them through all their Facebook strategy and stuff too?

[879:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, that's a huge Part of what we do in there is we work with you through. And not just like one time out, but like throughout the program. Okay, we launched this offer, let's evaluate your results. Let's take a look at your landing pages, people post their their landing pages and their Facebook ads in the group with other members that are in the group. We also have a live of copywriting and offer creation call that we do once a month, in addition to we have our weekly sessions. So the different touchpoints that I work with people in there, we got weekly calls that are on Zoom, and those usually last an hour and a half to two hours long. Where I'm answering questions just like this, once a month, we do the rewriting one. And then we also have the like right here, Sarah posted her offer right here. And I gave some feedback as to like how to adjust it, how to tweak it, we were going back and forth on how she can make this better. And so in the group as well, in the Facebook group, I'm responding, interacting, sharing input on the different offers. There's a third part of it as well is I'm also releasing new content and new training every single week, as far as what the group is asking for I'm creating. We have a really big vault of courses that are part of the program. And it's growing each week, kind of like how Netflix rolls out new TV shows every month, I'm rolling out new courses based off of what the members of our program really need the most help with. And this

[904:13] Speaker 6: looks really great. Like I just went through your whole sales pages. I was like, Oh my gosh, this is a huge amount of information. Yeah, I wanted to know exactly what you offer.

[906:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can help direct you to the right information to get overwhelmed. That's

[907:29] Speaker 6: what I'm looking for copy, like help with some eyes on my copy. Facebook, like let's get the Facebook ads all figured out. That was really important to me. Because yeah, I hired coaches before where I'm like, Oh, you're gonna help me with copying. They're like, just don't. And so I was very, very interested in that about

[911:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's actually kind of what I do best.

[912:24] Speaker 6: I'm kind of researching and finding that out. But real quick, I know you have other questions, but I just want to follow up with the social media following. How important do you think a social media following actually is because I have a struggle first of all, with feeling the need to constantly post on social media content that I don't do vanity metrics, so content that just goes in the garbage, nobody sees it. So I have a YouTube channel that has like 6000 subscribers,

[919:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the right way to do it, by the way. As well, you don't worry about the vanity metrics at all.

[921:09] Speaker 6: I don't, I just I like to do things that produce results. So if it doesn't produce results, it's wasting my time filming like this about YouTube for a little while. And I was just noticing. And this is not to throw you know, you know, mud on you. But I was just noticing that your YouTube you have a ton of videos, your YouTube subscriber count slow and the video views are kind of low and your social media followings huge, but you're doing really well. And that is encouraging. Yes, I'm so tired, legit tired of putting content out there that gets no results. And I'm spending hours and hours creating YouTube videos and getting out there and trying to do stuff to get attention. Yeah. So that was really encouraging. And I just want to show a lot about it.

[932:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Social media, I use it, it's sort of as like it validates what I'm marketing. So if I'm running paid ads, somebody doesn't know who I am. They can check me out through my platforms and see, okay, he's actually pretty legit, with this stuff right here that's out there. And, and what I'll do is I have a, I have a team that edits my podcast episode each week, and then creates the different clips and stuff that are on there. Um, I started the podcast a while ago, it doesn't get me a lot of clients. But here's where it is a resource is when I connect with people through these calls right here, it's an additional resource that I can direct people to that I know provides additional value to people. The other part of it is content creation comes really easy to me. I know it's not the same for everybody else. I I try to encourage people, you I think everybody can get to this place, too, though, where you can come up with ideas for content. The only time I make content for my social media or my YouTube or anything, is if I like feel a spark of an idea inside of me, like oh my gosh, I need to share this with somebody. And then I'm like, Okay, I'm gonna record it for five to 10 minutes, I limit myself five to 10 minutes for a piece of content. And then I'm gonna go now send it to my email list, because that's really who I want to go watch those videos. And so So sometimes, like 50 to 100 of those people that are on my email list. That might not be in my coaching program, but they've been kind of checking out what we're doing for the last year. They're the ones that are sort of engaging with that content. And I use it as a as just another free resource to serve people more than just this is like, how I'm getting clients, all of our clients so they come through paid ads That's mostly.

[960:21] Speaker 6: Okay. That's encouraging, very encouraging. And then the last question is, how do I find someone that does what I do? I've struggled in this area and I've almost given up hope haven't found, you know, a you said trauma informed weight loss coach that was like, Oh snap, that's probably what I need to go with. Because I call myself a mental health and weight loss mindset coach, first of all, it's a big mouthful. Second of all, a lot of people don't like the word mental health. If they're, they're

[966:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: really like, they think it's very negative. Yeah, I, I saw an incredible eye, she's got an incredible content, I'm not gonna name her name. But she felt offended by people telling her that she needed mental health health for years. And I'm like, when I think of mental health, like me, going through therapy changed my life. It changed my mom's life, it changed. Anybody that I know, that has gotten help for their mental and I look at mental strength, mental fortitude, is kind of how I consider it mental health is, is a it's a controversial topic. So that's why really working with people, we can we can sort of call it mindset training, that's a way of like nicely saying it, or trauma informed, there's different ways of saying it that'll that'll help you attract some of the people that you're looking for. So they don't think that it's like, the other thing, when people hear the word mental health, they think that they gotta take like prescription drugs. Yes.

[983:22] Speaker 6: And it's very frustrating. So I've been looking for a Christian weight loss mindset coach, who doesn't just teach people what to eat, but how to be transformed by the renewing of their mind. And I just, I'm like, oh, no, am I am I selling something? That's, that's not sellable? Because I can't find anybody that does it.

[988:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think we, I think we can still dive a little bit deeper into that and find some people YouTube's a great place to find people. Type in those different different responses, I think part of the thing is, is that people, once they start doing mindset and weight loss coaching, they might pivot out of it just being completely faith based. And that might be where it is, or they focus so much on the spiritual aspect of weight loss. And you're sort of bringing in the trifecta of that you may need to look at two different people that maybe they they're successful at, whether it be weight, loss of mindset, or faith and weight loss, or faith in mindset. And then find somebody that has like, the other aspect and something else and see if you could combine some of what they do. And some of their messaging with people. Does that make sense?

[1003:25] Speaker 6: That's really helpful. Yeah, cuz it has been I'm at the end where I'm like, okay, Jesus said, I missed it. Because I really, ultimately want to help women get healthy, whole healed and healthy. That's the whole goal. So that's where I'm like, I've got to find,

[1006:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know we got a couple people in our group that fall into that niche two, it's like, it seems to be a common one that we're having that are joining our group. I'm looking up here in chat GBT asking if it knows of anybody that falls into that category. Let me see. One that I'm thinking of, I know some people love or hate or they did a they did a expos. A I'm calling her a cult.

[1014:48] Speaker 6: Oh, yes. I remember this woman. Yes. What's the

[1015:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Shamblin? Yeah. There's a whole Expo is a on HBO about her now. Yeah, it says Candace Cameron Burr, Elisa Keaton.

[1018:24] Speaker 0: Kim Leto fit faith inspired transfermate. So we're looking at maybe not the mental health aspect, but faith and health. These could be a few. Chad GPT can find you a few resources like that. Another one is that there's other AI you can use borrowed by Google.

[1022:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And Bard might be able to see if it can find a couple of names of people as well. Let's see. Let's see. Yeah. So here's a couple right here, it says, Deena Evans, Christian weight loss mindset, how to lose weight and keep it off for good.

[1027:05] Speaker 6: That's exactly what I teach. Yeah. Yep. So this

[1027:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: is so true. You could use like Google Bard, YouTube or chat GPT to find some of those people as well.

[1030:00] Speaker 6: That is so helpful. I so appreciate you and then how do we schedule or when we get when we register for the waitlist, if we are accepted? Will we get accepted to have a call with you to chat a little bit more just to make sure this is a good fit for us?

[1034:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I don't do calls with people I do the 30 day trial period where like if it's not a good fit, you get that first month back and it's like we just part ways and that's that we do have a jumpstart call that we take all new members through when they do join. So when we do open the doors to that you'll be able to do that but we've we've designed our business where I don't do Whew. Discovery calls with people unless it's for unless they're already in my program itself. So again, you're talking about qualifying people. For me to do a discovery call, here's the two qualifications, you have to already be a member of our program for at least 60 days. And you want to do one on one coaching with me. So that's the only way that I will do a discovery call with people is if they're serious about one on one coaching, and they've been in our program for over 60 days. And so, other than that, we utilize these resources right here. If you have any questions that come up, even over the next few days, you can ask those to me, you can email them to our support team, you can post on my social media. And then from there, we're able to help you fit make a make a good decision. Is it a good fit for you just by the interaction that we do? That's how we've designed like our marketing is to move away from doing any discovery calls.

[1055:45] Speaker 6: Yeah, no, I really love that. I think that's awesome. Okay, thank you. I appreciate all your time. Sorry, lady. Yeah.

[1057:08] Speaker 4: No, you're good.

[1058:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pamela PE Hamilton Stubbs, how are you? Dr. Pamela?

[1059:00] Speaker 2: I'm doing well. And I hope you are too. I missed the second thing you said, when we talked to patients who are taking our program, we should ask them, What is the number one struggle around the towel? Yeah. Second thing? And then

[1063:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: what what? I guess it could depend on what you're doing. If you're doing like a training, you want to know like, what would you like to learn from Dr. Pamela? What can she teach you if she could walk you through something, the idea is you want to get in their own words, what they would like to learn from you or get from you. And then we sort of document that in written form. And that helps really give us the words of what to use in a lot of our landing pages. So what I do is I take the whole process, this is like stage three of this process. The chat GPT part of it is like to get something going the goal though, as you want to actually build a document of in people's own words, what are they struggling with, and what they want to learn and grow in. And then you have chat, GBT take their own words and re restructure your sales copy in those exact words and language that they use. So the crazy part about that is that actually taps into the mirror neurons in the brain of your target customer, because you're using the same words that they would use to describe their same problems. So there's a resonance there in the energy just by using the same words. So a big part of our system is we we're, we're documenting, we're polling, I'm paying attention to even how you guys are asking your questions and all of that. And it helps me create language to how to describe what I do in a way that way I can find people that, that are struggling to use Zoom, but are actually looking to you know, they don't know how to use a zoom call, they actually are ready to create an offer, they're ready to get help with their Facebook ads, they're ready to actually work through this system with us. And that's how we can really start to qualify people a big part of it, too, of attracting clients through the internet is that language that you use it being resonant language, to how they talk and communicate. And when I say resonance, I mean it very much in the instrumental term. You know, if you play a chord on an instrument or a piano, or you do two octaves apart, they resonate with each other, and there's that vibration, that kind of creates that sort of warm sensor emotion that we feel. That's the same thing that happens when we use language that resonates with our target customer. And then in that, that creates it, it lowers the barrier of them sort of not trusting us as much. That's a big part of it. We naturally as humans, trust people that talk and communicate the way that we do. And so yes, could all of this be used to manipulate people and to even de fraud and scam people? It can. If you operate with integrity, though, and you're like, Okay, I want to find the people that I know are a good fit with me. But I know that I can help. It's actually very ethical to be able to do all of this, because you become a better leader, by using the language of those that you lead to communicate with them.

[1110:16] Speaker 2: And then my second question is, I I haven't used it yet. But I know that Zoom has a feature that will transcribe the video for me as I'm going. And I wanted to do that. So I could print that out and use it as a handout. So is there a reason why you don't just transcribe and zoom?

[1117:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't know if zoom had that feature. Well, who knew? When did they what did they come up with Saturday even though some of this stuff?

[1119:25] Speaker 2: I think it was this year earlier this year. When I started to notice it,

[1120:32] Speaker 0: well, I use I use otter AI, because I also I have our team members, they are also taking some of the transcripts are here, because as I'm talking, it's transcribing what I'm saying in real time in the otter AI app. So that's what I've been using for the last year as I use that, I also love it because I have an app on the phone, and it's very easy to be able to communicate and do that. So then I'll take the transcript, what you can do is you can actually take a transcript like this, let's just take this raw transcript here, and I'm gonna show you something really fun. Just based off of what we've been talking about today, you want to see a really cool prompt that you can do with with chat. GPT is if we go over here, and we go to I'm using an app, it's called tau. This gives you access to the 32k engine of GPT. Four, it's, it's it's a it's an it's an extra $20 A month fee to get access to this, but being able to utilize that 32k gives you 32,000 tokens that you can use. And so the reason for this is I can do this, I can take the whole transcript of what we've just been talking about. And I can copy it and I can say, read the transcript below and develop me an outline for a book that I could publish, as well as 10 possible titles. And I'm going to just paste the whole transcript from out of Otter AI into GPT for 32k. And it's going to generate a book outline the power of a swipe file, understanding a swipe file sales letters and landing pages, leveraging AI for copywriting Facebook ads and landing pages, niche selection, optimizing your offer connecting with your audience. So what I was able to do is able to take a transcript and actually create an outline that I could use to actually put a book together. That's this is how we, we wrote the books that we were marketing with my mom, we did the same process here with a lot of her transcripts, I took them and we each chapter was basically a different transcript lesson that she taught. And we turned each lesson into a different chapter. So this could be like an ebook, the AI copywriter a guide to using chat GPT and swipe files, marketing in the age of AI, I might take the main lesson today and this transcript and that could become, you know, a lesson on that, then what I could do is I could take this and I could say

[1159:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: write me this chapter based on the above transcript. And it's gonna it's going to generate, I would go chapter by chapter if you're going to use it. A swipe file is a collection of sales letters, ads and other promotional material. So like it's starting to generate content, and then what you could do is you could rewrite it. So in your own words, if you're worried about intellectual property, it's true, you can't put a copyright on something that's generated by AI like this. But there are some tools that are out there, there's one called undetectable that AI, it makes it to where it can't be as detected as AI content, it sort of re spins the words and does that. And then what we did with my mom's book is actually had an actual editor go through and rewrite a lot of the segments of the training a lot of the segments of what the what the offer was, so that it was all original content. And now that allowed us to put a copyright on it, where we started with AI generated content. And that became something that was fully original that we've written. Now, if you're doing it off of a transcript, this is also sort of a gray area in intellectual property, that I'm not sure if anybody's come up with the precedent for it. Because if I'm having the AI just rewrite my own words that I've transcribed, is the AI generating that or did I come up with that myself? I don't have the answer to that today. But using AI to be able to generate pieces of content, such as books and things like that is is a super valuable way to put together different offers.

[1182:35] Speaker 2: Thank you. Yeah.

[1183:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what problem can I use to transcribe my videos translate to a different language? If it's on YouTube, YouTube actually gives you a transcript of every video that's on YouTube. They're automatically transcribed by YouTube. If any video is public on YouTube, if we go over to it, honestly, like click on this random video right here, show transcript and right on the side of the screen is a transcript of this video right here. That then literally, you could copy this transcript take this tel chat GPT write me a blog post. Based on this. Not that I would recommend you just take and copy YouTube videos and turn them into your content. But you could use it to brainstorm how to describe things. I don't even know what that video is about from Joe Rogan but look at it's now writing a blog post about you. Based off of that transcript that I just copied in there. So like that's a fun way to utilize the transcripts to be able to do some really cool stuff. All right, Catherine Mae, what's

[1202:38] Speaker 6: up? So not a question, but to answer that there's a plugin that I found that helps with connecting YouTube to chat GPT. And that's glass grips, no, glass, GLA SP, I put it in the chat. Okay, glass. Yeah, plugin for your Google Chrome. And then when you go to that YouTube video, it's attached to chat GPT. So it pulls it into chat GPT as soon as you click the chat, GPT emblem, and then you don't have to worry if it's too long to go in here and you can't fit it and all the other stuff. So that was really helpful for me when I learned that

[1212:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: similarly to that this one called Box scripts kind of does the same thing right in chat GPT itself. So you could take a video, paste it right into the chat GPT and I can generate it right there too. So what I need to check out glass that looks really cool. The last Social Web highlighter, interesting. Collection, share your favorite. This is cool.

[1218:30] Speaker 6: Yeah, so I learned it from who's the guy grew funnels, you know, the okay. Then

[1220:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm like, I'm like, this is a tool I might need to add into my, yeah, that's why I love doing these. I learned new stuff every single time we do stuff like this, right?

[1222:16] Speaker 6: He was doing a whole webinar one day, and I was like, Hold on, I paused it. I blew it up real big, because I didn't know how he did it. And so I found that's how I found glaspie didn't even really tell us about it. I just,

[1225:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's really cool, though. I like it as far as being able to speak, copy different posts, save them, basically clipping pieces from the internet, because then you could use that as part of your swipe file, too.

[1228:20] Speaker 1: Yeah, super cool.

[1228:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Um, all right, in I'm fine. This will be our last question that we're gonna take here. And then we're gonna log off. What's up?

[1231:49] Speaker 5: Wonderful. Yes. Sorry. Just a quick one. I, you mentioned the Facebook ads, how this changed the algorithms. And we're sort of struggling around that. How can we get help with Facebook app? Getting our programs up?

[1236:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: How can you get help with getting your program we

[1237:27] Speaker 5: need we need help with Facebook ads so that we can get clients because that's how you said most of what how you get your clients is through Facebook ads?

[1240:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So a couple a couple of resources. When we open the doors to our accelerator, we help you in there as far as with like the copy coming up with what are good ads helping you review that if you were like talking about help with actually putting the ads up yourself. The resource that I use is online jobs.ph. And find somebody that does Facebook ads, it's in the Philippines. Okay. That's what I use as you can find somebody. Facebook, Facebook ads right here. The reason why I say this is because the price ranges between six and $25 an hour, versus like 80 to 100. And the quality of their work is exceptional, really, really great people that you can find a work with overseas that are on this platform, online jobs.ph. I have a person that helps me with my landing pages with my ads. And with my video editing that I found off of there. I'm still reading all the copy, I'm still coming up with what the ads actually are making the videos myself but then I'm passing it over to our team. And then we have a project manager she's in. She's in North Carolina, that kind of puts it all together. I trained her it was really cool. Our project manager Rebecca, she's also does our customer service. We got to train her with Rick Pino over at worship coach, she worked for my wife and I when we were helping Rick over there, and then they parted ways. She since got married, moved to North Carolina, we hired her as our admin, that kind of helps keep me in line and helps our business run. She's invaluable to a to us Rebecca, she's amazing. And she's actually creating, I'm talking with her about putting an agency together for members that are in our program to help run their teams, their admin and put stuff like that together. So as part of the accelerator, we're starting to add those pieces in there to even support you with team building as well. Okay, yeah,

[1273:24] Speaker 5: thank you. Thank you.

[1273:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All righty. Well, listen, we're gonna log off here we went. I was late coming on over here today. But we've gone over time now in the q&a. I love these times together though. I love just the the answers that we get the questions that people are asking how it provides a lot of value to dive deeper and This group is an incredible group of people. I'm excited for the next two days again, tomorrow is going to be all about how do you actually put the ads together, put that offer together the landing page, and a lot of what's been asked here today, I'm going to do more of a deep dive into, I'm gonna take some time here and kind of study some of the questions that you guys asked here. And you're gonna see in the main training tomorrow, how I was able to kind of take that and bring that together for everybody. That's part of our system as well at to mentor people. Well, it's really more about it's less about what, uh, you know, and more about your ability to filter the questions that people ask in a way that gives them what they need. And so I'm always looking to hear from our audience, what are they struggling with? What do they want to learn, and really diving into those aspects. And so and then that's how we're able to really serve really well, both in these settings as well as in our in our coaching programs by taking the feedback that we get from people and filtering it back through into the content that we deliver. So we'll be talking about that as well, tomorrow, as well as how do you bring all of those pieces together and make it authentic to you not stale, not heartless, but actually in a way that feels like you. Your voice, we're not talking about diluting your voice to where it sounds like somebody else, but it actually being 100% you as you reach people, which is exciting. So I'll see you guys tomorrow. I'll talk soon. Oh, yeah, the site was online. jobs.ph That's what it was. Online. jobs.ph. pH is for the Philippines. So that's the that's the one that I like. I've used other sites Upwork Fiverr. This one has the highest quality of people that they found, because they sort of like they have a vetting and rate and ranking process as far as who they work with that comes on the platform. So Alright, everybody, have a good one. See you tomorrow.

