2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2023-07-15T20:01:27.000Z
Duration: 79 min
Otter ID: 5IRpuGdqYBpRd4nvVOf8coQ6t8I
---

[0:51] Speaker 0: There we go. Go into

[2:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: restream. We're going to stream this out to our different platforms. Just going here, we're going to go stream if y'all are watching the recording of this and wondering what's going on, because this is how we start our stuff. So bonus q&a asked me anything about the coaching business

[12:56] Speaker 0: All right, cool.

[14:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Preparing to stream. Well, we got a lot of people up on here, which is great. You know, sometimes it doesn't always like to do that stream. Let's try it again preparing to stream. We'll see if it actually pulls up here. All right. Let some people in. Hello, hello, hello.

[23:32] Speaker 1: Welcome today to our bonus q&a session here. I'm excited that you're here. You know, we've spent a great five days together, working with some people who've gotten rave reviews sent to us, it's about the content and all that we've had a number of people jump into our accelerator coaching program, which is exciting. I love that. Listen, if you haven't gone through the past five days with us, if you paid for the VIP upgrade for the five days, you'll have those in your members area, we'll make sure that you have all of those by the end of today, I think we might not have day five up there yet. But we'll, we'll get that up there in there. But they're they're also free on my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com, and YouTube until Tuesday, July 18. And then that is when the doors to my accelerator are taking enrollment for new clients in my coaching accelerator, where we work with you through your marketing through your offers through your copy. And we're doing that the doors for enrollment are open until Tuesday on that. So we mentioned that all throughout last week. So what this is, is this is an opportunity for me, I open this up to anybody just to ask questions to be able to get your questions answered. I'm gonna go stream it into the

[45:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Facebook group here if you can raise your hand. And then I will take your question by you raising your hand. We'll start from there. And this is you know, asked me anything, any q&a. I'm not I'm not going to be teaching anything per se right now, I have been a little bit stirred up this morning, I made a few posts, I just made a post on social media. You know, society often presents us with a scripted path, secure a good job conform to the norm follow in your parents footsteps blend in with the crowd. But true success comes from going against what the norms are going against what everybody else tells you to do, and taking a leap of faith where others will hesitate. And so here's to the risk takers, the dreamers and the rebels who shape their own destinies. You're the author of your own success story, write it and write it well. And what's cool as Chad GPT helped me write that I have a process that I'm going to be showing some people on my social media and stuff. What I did was I dictated into my phone, I have the if you don't have the chat GPT app on your phone, go check that out. It's a great resource. I dictated what I wanted to express on my social media. So I just kind of shared my thoughts into my phone. And then I said, Okay, chat, GBG Can you format this in the most engaging way for Facebook, I want you to act as if you're a Facebook marketing expert, and format what I just said in the most engaging way for Facebook, and so it rewrote it in that way. And for the last, I would say a month, nearly everything I post on my social media has been some version of me doing that where I'll take my ideas that I have, I'm not really having chats. CBT come up with the ideas for me, though, you could do that. But what I love using chat CBT for is to improve how I communicate. So I'll tuck it into my phone. And then I'll tell it to reformat it for social media or reformat it for a blog post or reformat it for an email to go out to people and then I'll edit whatever risk it outputs for me. And that's a great way if you're stuck wondering how should I say something? What's the best way to say it for each platform, it's a great way to use chat GPT to do that for you. So listen, if there's anybody if you got questions here today again, raise your hand. This is our bonus q&a Here. Let me know if you have questions. Otherwise, if there are no questions, I'm going to log off here. And I will see everybody in our in our accelerator group, and we'll do another one of these q&a is on Tuesday. So I'm gonna give you guys a couple of minutes to decide if you want to ask any questions today. Or we will log off early.

[92:53] Speaker 0: I see someone else joining I've got a question. Just give me one second, please. Okay. Um, I think my question was around my questions around Facebook ads, and when, at what stage or when is the best time within one's business to be investing in Facebook ads, as opposed to trying organic reach?

[102:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the coaching business, you're going to really spend a lot of time and energy trying to get anybody to engage with you organically. Unless you do the cold DM outreach approach to where you're

[106:03] Speaker 0: not my favorite, terrible approach.

[106:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't like it either. I don't do it. Anybody. So unless you're doing that, because there's a lot Have you ever seen, I've seen the advice from a lot of marketing gurus, never run Facebook ads until you're making 30,000 a month, I've heard that. And then I dove deeper into what was behind that. They teach you to direct message everybody until you make 30k a month, every single one of them. That is saying that they have a system where they teach you how to basically put yourself in front of the right people start conversations organically and play it. Now that's a that I would say if you feel comfortable doing that, knock yourself out. That's great. I think that's awesome. It's like door to door sales is what it is. And I think the reason why people say that is because there is a risk factor to especially when you're just starting using Facebook ads, I've always taken the approach where if you use a small budget, Facebook ads allow me to put myself in front of my target audience with a small amount that I'm going to be testing with, to see what the response is. And I would say people can do that in the beginning in their business. I know that my stance on this. And that's always been my mom's stance on this. It's not agreed upon by very many coaches in the industry. It's just not they don't think that it's so you could go find 1000 other coaches out there that are going to tell you the exact opposite of what I just said. But in my approach, and how we show you how to create offers, and put stuff out there. I think that if you're testing with $100 $200, and that's like your test budget to see what kind of response you get testing to see what the algorithm sends back to you is going to be the best approach to do that. And in the coaching business. Unless you're doing cold direct messaging to people in the beginning, how there's the algorithm organically isn't going to show your coaching content to people. And then they're suddenly going to click your website and become a lead organically. Maybe 510 years ago, the algorithm, there's a hybrid approach to where the algorithm may show your stuff to some people. And then what you can do is you could direct message, whoever comments to you. So that's an that's an in between approach. But even at that level, the quality of those people, you don't have as much control over until your messaging gets dialed in. And it's still going to be hit or miss sporadic. Versus when you use advertising, you're able to put yourself in front of people. Like whether they like it or not, they're gonna see an ad unless they have an ad blocker on their phone or their computer. And so because of that, then the algorithm will show your ad to people that that have an interest in whatever your offer is. And that's the methodology that I teach people. So anybody who's looking for an organic methodology, I've, I've studied a lot of the organic methodologies out there. I don't, I don't teach an organic methodology I teach using Facebook ads. What's funny is a lot of the organic methodology people they also then teach Facebook ads, once you're making about five to 10,000 and they'll have you start to then bring people into that because that's really the only way to grow past that level, which is why Our approach is all about 20 to 30k programs, 50k 100k programs that are group coaching programs. That's why I don't teach a one on one coaching approach. That's why I don't teach the like how to make your first $1,000. I don't, I don't cover that. There's a lot of like, there's a lot of people that they that's what they teach, and they teach you this approach of like, hey, go talk to people individually, get your first client, do virtual coffee with them on Zoom, get to know that I don't, I don't even cover any of that I just none of none of what I train on covers that so. And so I've never done that, in my, in my business. I've never seen any success. From it myself. I've always seen success from running Facebook ads. Yeah.

[172:45] Speaker 0: And I know you kind of addressed this yesterday, but I wasn't feeling well. And my mind wasn't firing on all cylinders yesterday. So maybe just repeat again, if I had to choose between, when I run a Facebook ad, if I had to choose between either PDF lead magnet, or a one hour webinar, or even a 30 minute webinar, or a hybrid, which is new, that I thought of what what would be the best to invest on for Facebook ad. And by hybrid, I mean, like, what if I had like a video at the beginning on the first page of the PDF, with a video of me, you know, maybe speaking for 20 minutes, 30 minutes on like that, and then say, Now scroll down for the written content of, you know, the lead magnet kind of thing,

[186:00] Speaker 1: what's going to be the best is still going to be a video presentation, because a PDF is it's very low touch, very low interaction with you and low commitment for the people who sign up for it. Right? It's a, it's a way that you can get leads on your email lists. Um, here's what I usually see happen with people that do that. They run it leads, they got all these leads on their email list. And then they come to me and say, nobody's buying from me. But I got all these leads Jeremiah on my list, why aren't they buying? And I say, Well, have you done a presentation to them. And ultimately, it's like it goes back to until you actually present to people.

[197:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Especially now in this in this day and age and in this market. Like, here's how I see a one on one sales call is the same type of interaction as a webinar, it's just you're doing it to one person with one person versus a group. But it's the same, you're still doing it, you're still doing a presentation of some kind. So there has to be a moment where you're presenting. And there's a there's a process a sales process to this to where you're building their trust in you your product, your program, and working with you on that. And one of the biggest reasons why, you know, a lot of people they, they don't, they don't take action with you is because, or me or anybody else, there's so much out there from other coaches, there's competition out there. And so there's, there's, there's less qualified mentors than you, and Eve and myself out there, vying for the same traffic that we're working towards to get into our space. So because of that, we have to, like accept that, that is the marketplace of mentoring and coaching. And until we make that connection to where we call somebody to action, and we say, okay, you know, this is how you can work with us, this is what you're gonna get. And we actually sell people on how they can work with us 990 9% of the time, they're not going to purchase, and they'll go buy from somebody else, or they'll wait in like a holding pattern until you you do make that offer to them. You know, it's a it's a it's a romantic notion that people will be interested in us through through an ebook or something like that. And we see it because there's, there's celebrities that they write books, and then they have coaching programs that do that. They didn't start that way, a lot of the celebrities that have like New York Times bestseller books, and then those books just become clients for them. They were still doing the process that I'm telling you to get to that place to build their community to build their brand. And so this is one of the biggest mistakes that I think we can see is okay. If I want to get there's, there's, there's a horrible piece of advice in the personal development space. If you want to be successful, do what successful people do. The problem with that is that if you do what they're doing at that stage of their business in the beginning, you're not going to get the same result you need to do what successful people did when they were at you first stage of the business.

[240:22] Speaker 0: Yeah. And they never tell you that. They never do

[241:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. Well, they they they do behind closed doors. Yes, that's what I mean, it's not to ask them to like, if you're in a coaching group with a lot of these people, they'll tell you what they did. And it's usually shocking. It's like, it's not what you thought they would do. Like I was, I love the fact Amy Porterfield 's book is such a great book or two weeks notice book, it's all about people who want to quit their job and start an online business with coaching and courses and mentoring. So I'm like, Okay, it's, it's very much in alignment with like, how I teach people, I don't generally read my competitors content, but I felt like, I need to read Amy's book. And when I did, I was so refreshed by she said, I can't, she literally said in the book, I was like, This is so great. I can't stress this enough, do not invest a lot of time, energy, effort and resources in making your web presence look professional. And I was like, literally coming from the queen of looking the most professional in the industry. She's encouraging people, like do not invest your time and doing that in the beginning. And that's what I've been like, telling people for years, as I love that, even in her approach, he says in the beginning, what got me there was I didn't worry about that in the beginning, but I kept putting offers out there, just like what we're teaching people to do. So, you know, you can find if you read between the lines of different mentors, where they got their start, and different things like that, I always do try to try to study that with people. In the coaching and mentoring space, it always the shift happens when people start growing their email list and doing presentations. Because now you got people in front of you that you can get data of okay, how many of those purchased? What kind of connections did I make? What kind of responses did they give? And that sort of becomes the branching out like, tentacles of all of the rest of your marketing and all of the rest of the things that you do in your business come from those types of presentations. So everything in my business comes from these five day events. As I go back reverse engineering, and everything that I do in my business comes out of this one week right here.

[276:19] Speaker 0: Can I Can I ask another question, or shall I wait until I'm Lynn goes first. It was just based on what you said about presentations. Lynn, do you want to jump in or shall I go?

[280:02] Speaker 1: Lynn what's up?

[281:09] Speaker 2: Okay, sorry. Took me a minute to unmute. Compliment questions had a

[282:55] Speaker 3: two minutes I'm sorry. Okay. Great humans. Oh, was the other

[283:36] Speaker 2: one ready to go?

[283:59] Speaker 0: Yeah, no, no. Oh, it was German that had your hand up. That's what I was. That's what

[285:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had my hand. And then I'll take Santi.

[286:35] Speaker 2: Okay, great. I'm curious. This sounds like a bad question. Because I want to know the minimum time that, that you can do this. And that's only because currently, I'm a teacher and I have a church job, that I want to do this a lot that I don't want to fail at it. And I know that you have to put so much time into something to make it work. But I would definitely be on the slow track. So I'm curious. Is there a slow track that works?

[295:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would say I probably took the slowest track took me 20 years. So that's the slow. I was like I hated doing any sales, any sort of like, just any thing related to sales I was averse of. And I had to like really realize that that's the that's the key to success in this business is being able to make sales fun for people sell, present, and get people in front of you. So that was the side of that. What happened for me though, is I didn't do that very well. It took me about like, two years of a lot of trial and error, because I was focusing most of my energy on working with Rick Pitino and I had I had consulting clients, and I was doing like 40 hours a week worth of work for. And so with that, like it can take a year or two of just small trial and error to do that. And then you'll start to see some results come out of that maybe after about after about a year. That'll be like the slow path will be like the two year path. The fast path I've seen people they just had like, they went all in that's all they did for a month and they made six figures in the first 30 days. So I've seen the difference between those different types of things. As far as that as far as that goes. It all just depends on speed of execution. One thing that I will say, in my experience, we do want to refer frame and think about our own fear of failure that we have. Because I find that that slows us down more than anything else. And understand what the underlying part of the fear of failure might be, is, you know, what does that mean, if something fails, because in this campaign, I don't see things as failure, I see them as data that I can learn from. Okay, it doesn't define me that now I'm a crappy person because a campaign didn't work. It doesn't define failure does not define us. And what we have to move away from is having that be this like, underlying, okay, I need to make this successful, I need to make this successful, because then we end up building from a place of, we're too attached to the version of how we think things should go versus being willing to Okay, let's just do the next two steps, see what the results are, analyze intuitively and instinctively see what direction to take next, and enjoying the process. And so there's a little bit more behind that. And we cover that in our accelerator as well. But that will be an area that I would that I always recommend people to explore is that if we is fear of failure, it's very reasonable and all humans experience it. It's an it's an area that I believe that in this business, we have to work on in our own personal development, to not let it dictate our behaviors, I think is one of the biggest things, because I see people hold themselves back for too long, because they are afraid of it not working out. Yeah, I've tested things for three to four months, and actually gotten further along, instead of waiting six months until they felt ready. So there's that side of it as well.

[352:51] Speaker 2: Yeah, because I had this angst going on, it's like, okay, you're already working 50 hours a week. And then on top of that, I'm still recording and posting music. And so if I put another thing into the framework, is it just going to be crazy? Because I don't have time for it? Or is it something that I can take my current knowledge and move pretty quickly, because I've already been doing the social stuff. And I've already been doing a lot of the things that need to be done, but it still sounds like just getting, I don't have an email list. For instance, just getting that stuff going, like how much time does it take just to get get on board?

[364:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we say how much time does it take? Do you mean like to actually do the work or how long to see results,

[365:52] Speaker 2: to do the work to get set up and say, Okay, I'm ready for my first meeting. Because I got my

[367:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: my, you can usually get that going. And about about 30 days of just a few few hours a week getting all of that going. We've seen people do that. Okay. But I've also seen people take a long time to do that, I, I'll tell you this, the people that are like I'm gonna get it done in 30 days, I generally never even see them do anything for a year. It's such a weird factor to me, the people that are like the most like Jeremiah, I'm going to do this, I'm going to show you it's going to happen, I think they're they're nowhere to be found like the next month and like they disappeared. Whereas the people who are a little bit more like where you're at, they actually surprised me. Like a month or two later, they're like, Hey, I came back and I got this funnel up, I did this and I got it going, because you said you got like 50 hours that you're doing stuff I would explore where maybe you could borrow a few of those hours and restructure. If you want to get serious about this business, you are going to have to create some time in your schedule to be able to do that. Okay, because you're gonna have to show up to do the presentations, you will either have to build out the landing page yourself, or hire somebody to do that you have to spend the time going over what we taught, which had CPT and all of that. The, the that decision of how long that's going to take relies more on more on what you what you choose to do versus like, because I'm not I'm not with you every day looking at your schedule and looking at each hour of your day and all of that and telling you okay, we need to map this out. You have to cancel this meeting, do stuff like that. If you're able to do that and restructure, like what you're able to do willing to do then you can create time in there to do that. And that's what I break down in the time optimization playbook course. Is that time is such a first off I I do believe time is, is time, we have to think about time differently. I think of time, as past present future actually all the same moment happening at once. So that's the spiritual approach. That's how I look at time. I don't look at it as finite as to where we're at right now I see it as past present future all at once. So that's one side of that. But then it's also is like, because of that, it's malleable. As far as moving things around. And instead of being a slave to our schedule, having to submit to and obey our schedule, we have to put ourselves into a position of, we're the one in charge of our time versus time in charge of us. And I think that flipping that perspective, is one of the very first steps that that we need to be able to take to then be able to say, Okay, how quickly can I get all this done? Does that make sense?

[416:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, it does. My My thing is I, I want to teach for two more years to get to the 20 year mark. Okay, it's a little step up. But it would be way easier if I just quit that job. But I feel like at the same time,

[419:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need to get to quit your job. Yeah,

[420:05] Speaker 2: I need that to finance this. And I also have a church job. So that's what I'm saying. It's, I've really been juggling a lot. But a one, two, when I retire from the school job, I want to be up and running. I don't wanna say, Oh, now I got to start something new. So but I also don't want to be unrealistic. So that's where they're coming from.

[425:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, and again, I don't I'm not looking at your situation. I you know, David Willis is right. Oh, yes. Yeah. So him and I actually had this conversation for about an hour. And he eventually did leave his church job and all that. But I had this conversation with him, I said, Is there a way at your church job to begin to delegate certain tasks, just to remove one hour a week from what you do? And he was like, light bulb went off. And then he finally delegated his entire job at the church, and then was able to leave. And so what was great was the church was actually set up. He wasn't the one doing it. He was doing everything at his church at that time. I think he was, like, 4050 hours just in his church. Wow. So I told him, I said, Okay, let's find you got a few people that maybe you could put in some different roles. And he's like, I never thought about that. I said, I said, Okay, Dave, I level with him. I said, Dave, ultimately, what that means is that, that you, you have an issue with control, is what it is, you want to control everything. And he's like, Yeah, you're right, I want to make sure it's done, right. I want to make sure it's excellent. I'm like, that's great. If we delegate it might not be at 100% of Dave Willis level, but it might be 70 to 80%. And then you can help shore it up from the 70 to 80%. And so I think that that's, that's a skill set that we can all learn. If we want to go to the next level. We got to learn to lead in the other areas of our life, because we don't have to just shut everything down. I think you literally could teach, serve at your church and build this business. But it's going to take moving some of those chess pieces around in that. Does that make sense?

[452:33] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. Yeah. And you know, the only way I made it through the inner circle with Rick Pino was I did all of my training sessions in the car. Every single, I was almost never online with everybody. Yeah, I ghosted the whole program. But I was there, you know, and I got everything out of it. And it's probably would be something similar if I join this. But my last question is, I don't see where the link is to sign up. For the accelerator.

[460:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I believe it was sent in the email to you. Um, if you see I'm running a couple of retargeting ads as well. It's also in the Facebook group. And then I just posted it in the chat, too. Okay. I'll say it's also on my website, under coaching, the little tab under coaching.

[465:17] Speaker 2: It's funny, because I think I signed up with you somehow when I first met you at the inner circle in July of 22. So

[468:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, at that time, I think I was just selling a few courses then. Yeah. So I don't think I had my coaching program fully up. Then I launched that in, in in August.

[471:22] Speaker 2: Because if I go to this, it says, join the program now.

[474:01] Speaker 0: Oh, this is it.

[474:28] Speaker 2: Join the accelerator. I gotcha. This is it. Okay. It's another one that I kept getting up. Come up with your one on one. Like no, I'm $35,000

[477:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I'm running. I am running a deal right now on one on one. It's a special package. I didn't even mention it this week because I really I only tell our accelerator about these deals, but I am doing a deal. It's it's 9600 bucks for a one on one package with me. And people can finance that. But that deal ends on Monday. So it's just for those that are in the accelerator knew about it. I'm calling it my Christmas in July sale, because I'm gonna I'm bringing back the rate that I did at Christmas time last year.

[485:39] Speaker 2: So, okay, thank you. Yeah.

[487:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if somebody reaches out and it's like, hey, I want to meet with you and I want it's like, it's gonna be 55,000 for the day. That's why I have that on there. But then I might, like, once or twice a year, come up with a deal for our group. And it'll, like I said, That's significantly less than that right now. It's 9600. So okay, Lin, Lin, hooray, or hair care.

[495:13] Speaker 3: So I'm so excited about the program. And I'm, I'm gonna sign up for it. And I'm like, I love the stuff that you're putting out there. And even again, I went back and revisited the page, the sales page for the program. And it's like crazy awesome, jumpstarting the stuff that you have coming up on the 19th. Yeah, yeah, I'm starting stuff. And then there's going to be how to get and other people stages. And then you've got this great, the launch the launch pad that's talking about creating funnels. And then even though you're doing the two day mastermind in October, I mean, like, that's crazy, awesome stuff.

[505:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: We packed a lot of value into this. And that's why I said, I don't have like a, a higher level program, what I like my offer for one on one coaching, that's the higher level, as you get six hours of zoom calls with me, you get a year and the accelerator and you get lifetime access to all the courses, as well as an audit of your copy. And 24 hour within 24 hours, I promise to respond to you over direct message. That's the only way that I DM people. So that's the value of that but but I throw everything into the accelerator, there's not like another level you got to go to for that. It's like it stops there. So I'm I'm providing what a lot of people they charge 10 20,000 for their coaching programs in there at just 2000. And I think it's a great deal for people.

[518:32] Speaker 3: I do too. It's I like the structure. I like the kinds of things that you're helping out with, I think it's a crazy, awesome price point for what you're doing in this. I'm excited.

[521:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. I'm excited to have you in there. Thank you. Was there a question that you had that you want to ask?

[522:43] Speaker 3: I have several questions. Let's go first, I wanted to talk a little bit about the AI stuff. And I'm very much into the chat GPT. And I'm using that for lots of aspects from my business. I'm currently going moving from a model of doing a lot of one on one coaching, and to during the group coaching, I just finished an eight week class called business accelerator mentoring it was for, for Christians who wanted to bring their business up to speed with spirit lend faith based stuff, and moving into another four week one. So but I want to I like this model very much, which is, you know, $2,000 per year, a lot of people could come up with 167. So using the chat GPT to write the sales copy. And I've been looking over the document that you have, I love that it's like drop dead gorgeous content. And I'm totally into the AI images. I'm using mid journey and coming up with these wonderful mid journeys. I love my journey. So Mike, I have several questions. The first one is about the ongoing training with AI with both chat GPT and mid journey. Will that be an ongoing training? Is that something you're going to be able to help us out in real time?

[543:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, in the in the program, I have a lot of training that I provide during the calls that we do on that as well as questions that people post in the group. As I'm discovering new things like I'm the two courses that I'm going to be doing, starting in a week are the Facebook ads one and then I'm doing we did a copywriting mastery course. A year ago it was focused on the software called Jasper. And for those of you that don't know, like the history of the AI applications chat GPT didn't appear on the scene until December of 2022. Jasper has been around for two years before that. And it used the same engine that Chad GBT does. So I was training people on using Jasper. It's still a great course it's in the members area, but I'm using this app called Jasper and now I'm having people take what I taught in that course and use chat GPT for all the prompts because GPT fours output is better than Jasper and I made the decision that Some months I'm like, yeah, there, Jasper is changing their business model. They were a pioneer because they were the only one that provided AI copywriting at the level that they were for two years. But now chat GPT is better output, better quality, all of that. So I'm going to be making a copywriting mastery. 2.0 was chat GPT course, there is also the chat GPT prompt Academy course, that one's more of its it's not necessarily for copywriting or business, I go into just how you think about chat GPT how you use it, how to get it to do more stuff for you, that might not necessarily totally be relevant to the coaching business, but it'll help you become a better expert at doing that. So

[572:14] Speaker 3: great. Currently, I believe that the chat GPT content goes up to mid 2021. And some so I'm using as SEO optimized as portion of the prompt. So I believe it's not quite up to the middle of this year. So are you aware of when that will be?

[577:36] Speaker 1: No, no, I don't I don't know when they're gonna. Okay, that I know that I know that there's a an app as well. There's called Cloud to anthropic that AI just released it. It has 100,000 word context window, you could literally upload, upload or a tooth out 200,000 word context window, you could upload a PDF document and have a ton off of that. It's free at the site. anthropic.ai.

[584:32] Speaker 3: We've been using the context window.

[585:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Context window is how much text you can put into a prompt. Oh, I see. So anthropic so you could do literally 200,000 words, you could throw an entire novel in there and have it analyze the data. That GBT is limited about 4000. It's about 8000 words. Okay. Yeah, that's

[590:36] Speaker 3: more than I thought it was. That's interesting, huh?

[591:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's pretty large. But as far as SEO goes, there's actually if you really want to, I don't teach a lot with SEO, a lot of what people use SEO for is they create, like blog posts that then get ranked. For our coaching businesses, I haven't found a lot of stuff for SEO, when it comes to our landing pages, I would rather write persuasive copy that connects emotionally with people and then drive traffic to that. There is a resource called surfer SEO, I used it a little bit. And it's a it's a, it's a good SEO tool that also uses AI. And it's probably one of the best. If you want to dive into SEO with AI, they probably provide one of the best tools out there. I don't use it. I used it for a little bit. But I just kind of moved away from it. It's not cheap, though. It's very expensive. Okay. But it's a great tool for AI driven SEO is surfer SEO.

[606:00] Speaker 3: Okay, awesome. That's great. My next question is, as I am, I believe that I'm going to be able to optimize and monetize the stuff that I've been building with my coaching platform. And how will you also include in there, how to find the team and build a team? I want to be able to go from doing everything myself, including building the funnels hands on everything, to having a team do it for me, what's a realistic amount of time to expect that? And is that something you'll help us do?

[614:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't have a course on that right now in there. But we've been asked a lot about that for the last

[616:22] Speaker 1: couple of months. And so I think by the end of the year, I'll be putting a full training course in there. I do help with some advice on that on our training calls. Um, I know that it's a piece that I need to add in there. Here's the here's the reason why I hadn't touched on that. It's because a lot of people, they're not making the revenue to hire a team yet. So I've touched on like, what can you do if you're just a solopreneur? But now we're starting to have people that are like, Hey, can you show us how to build a team? And so yes, I will be covering on that this year. I'm moving into that, because we've done a lot with teams, we, we built the team with my mom's business, my wife and I built Rick pinos team.

[627:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: We built the team with our business. And, you know, there's a, there's a process to doing that, that I found that works really well. No part of my process with building a team is i i Go on my gut feeling with people better than anything else. It's very interesting. If I'm just not really feeling like I'll do an interview with somebody. And if I'm not feeling a connection there in the interview, but they're saying all the right things, I will not hire them, because I actually have trusting that gut feeling more. And I found that that has never led me astray, because we have hired people who've said all the right things. And it turns out they weren't really as good as they said. And so I find that when you make that connection with people, when you're hiring a team It's there. It's the attitude of the person more than anything else. But it's not their ability to be bossed around or anything like that. I don't believe in like bossing people around as a leader. I think that's the worst way of leadership. But like, are they collaborative? Do they? Do they come up with ideas without being asked? Are they teachable and areas that maybe they're they might have expertise in, but they want to learn to grow more. And I've worked with team members that didn't have that. And sadly, they got fired after they, you know, tried to physically assault us in the office that was really fun. Like, it's not nice to have people that just because on paper, they are qualified, if there's somebody who, maybe they're not a good fit for the culture of your business, you can have some very interesting, we actually had that happen, we had an employee, throw a hard drive at my wife, because he didn't like that, you know, she told him that he had to show up at 8am. And so that was right, on paper, he was qualified, but like, the attitude is that that's not going to fit our culture. So

[657:53] Speaker 3: and I believe that prayer is at the center of everything. And I think God will show us good matches, and he told me that there's something that's not working.

[660:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. That's how we've always found great people, as I start by just praying, and I say I say, God, bring the people here. Now, I'm not going to sit on the couch, and now hope they knock on my door, I'm gonna go knock on some doors and go find the people now, but at least now like my spirit, my, my, my goals, they're in alignment with alignment, that that alignment helps us when it comes to team building other strategies to leading teams project management, I'm excited to break down a lot of my systems of how we've done this over the years, this year. What's his name? Kevin was asked me a very similar question, you're asking this, we don't have four or five people in the group. So this is how I come up with what I'm going to teach in the group. And I'm noticing, okay, four or five people are asking for the same thing. And I don't have material on that. But I do have expertise in it. Okay, now, that becomes a course that I'm going to spend four or five lessons really deep dive in with people. And I pour a lot into those courses. If you guys got value out of the five day event here, that was maybe like a, because the purpose of me doing a five day event is still sales. When I'm doing courses for our group, I don't have a sales focus. So they're like, even 10 times better than what you guys got out of the five day event with these courses. Um, it feels weird to me to like toot my own horn, but I have gotten incredible reviews from people that our courses are some of the best, they cover all aspects, and they're really easy to follow, and that people get a lot of results out of them. So I'm thankful for that feedback. And that's why I'm confident in what we provide in the program will help. If they do the work, they got to do the work. But if they do the work, I'm confident that they'll see results. Nice. Yeah. Thank you. All right. Just a quick question here, I'm going to cover them and go to San to. Biz coach said that he does not want to build a personal brand business or anything like this. He wants to build an asset to be sold in the future. Can you explain what you mean by that? Can you hear me? Yes.

[697:40] Speaker 4: Sorry. I don't have a camera. Yeah, and this is kind of going down the lines of what some others have said. But interesting. Real quickly. I met your brother. Which one? The one that's in Kansas City area. Oh, Justin. Justin. Yeah, he actually came out and was at my sister's house and got to talk to him. He said, Man, I told him about my background. And he said, You got to meet my mom. And look your mom up online. And then I saw your Facebook post recently and recognized him in the picture. I guess it was close

[706:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: to him. Was he doing plumbing at our house? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. My brother's a plumber in Kansas City. So yeah, yeah,

[708:53] Speaker 4: really, really enjoyed my time real personable and had great things. You and your mom too, so he's great. Anyway, yeah, I I've been in the same industry for 25 years my interest I love teaching coaching. I think that's my, my gift and my talent that God's given me and but I don't want to do a guru thing. I don't want to kind of been in the trading software space. And you know, that space is full of Lambos and gold chains and big numbers. And so and also wanted to have an asset that I could sell in the future and I know that people that have done the guru thing, obviously if I'm the face or they're the face, they can't sell it. Yeah, it's hard to it's hard to

[719:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: sell it It's writable Yeah, we've we've, we've, we've looked into that with with my mom's business, Alex or Mozi actually has a really great video on this, you should check out too. Okay? Because he tried to sell his, his business by the way, I just I love his book 100 million dollar offers. Yeah, he started with gym launch. You know, I mean, he's massive muscles gym. So he started by he built brick and mortar gyms. And then he created a system for that. And then he tried to sell his basically, what's funny is, I'm not a big fan of the Guru business, but I'm more like, Alex like guru by default, not because I was trying to look like one right? And so it feels more authentic that way. You know, it's not like I try to be a guru. But some people may perceive me as that because of the type of content that I put out. And would that be something that you would like that you're okay with as far as because it sounds like you have a skill at coaching, right?

[736:17] Speaker 4: I believe I do. I mean, I've done it for a long time. And I thought about just going the software route. And I see guys that are doing it in the space that are, you know, faceless YouTube videos that lead to subscription based models. So I could try that. But it's, it's not consistent, it seems to me with what you're doing. And although you're not a guru, maybe perceived, you give out more knowledge and content in these things than any guru that I've invested any time with. So thank you for that.

[744:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so here's, this is similar right here, he breaks down, I think it's right here. Okay. It's this one. But then he also breaks down how to build a business to like $100 million. He, there's a there's a, I listened through like four or five of these videos, he broke down the difference between because I want to look focus on the sellable asset part. Yes. What made his business so he was told by a he was trying to sell his business. You know, it's doing like 80 million. So he's like, I should at least get like, X number of that. And he was told no, typically your gym launch business is worthless. And the reason why is because all of his client acquisition came through Facebook ads. Oh, wow. Because they said, you know, if Zuckerberg pulls the plug, you know, where do you get your clients from now. So because of that it's not a sellable asset. What made it a sellable asset was this he developed a a cold outreach telephone system, where he could have a phone team called Jim's gauge interest, he couldn't send mailers out to these gyms. And so because they were doing Direct to Consumer Direct to b2b outreach that now made his business sellable. Okay. So in the coaching space, is you you will have to, you'll have to pivot. And the Hermoza said, here's the thing, like, we built all of this on Facebook ads, and then we pivoted towards that, which I think is the right direction to do it. For a lot of people like they might start with, they do cold calling and all that, again, if you have no Facebook ads budget, that's a great way to do that. But it takes a lot of skill to cold call people and close sales, or you know, if you've not done it before, so what they developed is they have four team members, they would have somebody who had outreach, the gym, then if they responded, they would go into somebody who would do the presentation. And then once the presentation was done, it would go to somebody who would close the gym, and that's how they got all of their their clients. And they scaled that way. Without Facebook ads. He had to to be a sellable asset. He had to move away from using social media as his client acquisition channel, right prior to that, almost completely, and because of the market that he was in, because it was a so it's a little different in the coaching space, because who are we going to cold outreach to except through social media, in the coaching space, that's why he went a little higher. And he said, Okay, I'm not just coaching people, I'm coaching a specific industry, right. And so if you find that you're able to coach a specific industry, you know, let's say that I tomorrow shifted my business, and I only worked with health coaches and doctors. I got a number of health coach and Doctor clients that have made a lot of money. And then I only did cold outreach, I called these doctors offices. And that's the only way that I got my clients. That would be a sellable asset business, even if it used the same systems that I teach today. So that would be the kind of the pivot on that. I don't have any experience in that. I'm just pulling from if you want to study more of what you're asking for Alex or Mozi and then I think her name is Cody Sanchez talks a lot about stuff like that as well. Yeah, Cody. Cody's awesome that Cody Sanchez and her mosey, again, I'm more focused on, you run Facebook ads, you do a presentation. And you don't have to cold call people, you're able to show up and present and get 20 3040 clients into a group program versus a one on one program.

[805:23] Speaker 4: Well, I guess if I if I ran the Facebook ads, do you see there's a way that the Facebook ads could be run that it would be a faceless non guru, even if I did do then the webinar or the presentation and because again, I'd be sharing content about the markets about how the system performs, how to use the indicators versus Hey, look at me, look at me, look at me.

[811:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I personally don't Okay, because I've never done it that way. We've always done it with our face as the Okay, gotcha, gotcha. That's, that's, there might be again, that's why I'm not the coach for everybody. That's why I say that. There's there are some people that have been successful with like a faceless brand and things like that. Um, you know, I still think even the I look at brands that are traded on the on the stock market. Even if they're quote, unquote, faceless, they still have a CEO that people know his name. Yeah. Because humans build trust with people. A lot of people don't trust brands, if they don't have a human attached to them.

[822:41] Speaker 4: I got a kick out of it. When you you had your newborn congratulations, by the way, sleeping in your arm, and then you had the laptop Rockin Your trading view?

[825:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Charts. Background? Yeah, yep. Yeah, I

[826:01] Speaker 4: appreciated that. Well, listen, thank you for all that you do. And and I appreciate you taking the time to give me some input. Yeah, definitely.

[828:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Sam, too.

[830:12] Speaker 0: Okay. Two questions. Now. One is an old one. And one is a new one. That's, that's come up. So you were mentioning before about presentations, and someone was talking about? What's the slow path to building a business, you know, if you don't have a lot of time, if you're not, you know, free 40 hours a week kind of thing. And I wondered if, like, you know, correct me if I'm wrong, or add to this if you've got other ideas, but I wonder if I'm doing things like summits and gift giveaways, you know, Lead Magnet giveaways, is part of the way as part of is the slow path to building up your business and brand and all that. Do you find them effective? Maybe you've not done them? So

[842:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe I'm not gonna do giveaways? I do. I guess you could say, a summit really isn't a slow path. If you're talking about a summit like with other speakers. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, those are those are good to do. Okay, that's, that's a great way to then if you're doing it on somebody else's platform, you want to pull them over to your platform still. So that then you can present to them whatever your offer is, if you're doing a summit for somebody else, if you're hosting the summit, you're the one who's kind of in control over that. And that follows almost the exact same model of what we went over this last five days is the you just retranslate your webinar, your five day event, is what the summit is. So once you mark it and sell it the exact same way to people you would even host it very similarly to

[857:00] Speaker 0: and what about

[857:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: giveaways, I've not seen the quality of people, the quality of people that they just want everything for free, very rarely turns into cash flow. Okay, I'm in the in this business. Okay, which is not to say we don't give stuff away for free. But the purpose of the stuff that we do for free is, is to build trust versus

[865:08] Speaker 1: just to like, get a bunch of net, because I don't want a bunch of names of people that just want free. So that's why I'm not advertising my chat GPT prompts as an opt in, because I don't think the quality of those leads would be there. Right? versus somebody who goes through a training with me about a topic that's very much related to what my actual coaching program is.

[871:35] Speaker 0: And to put it even more say succinctly is the fact that puts a lot of gift giveaways. The business owner has to pay roughly $200 Just to be in that gift giveaway. And when you couple that with what you're saying about the people that click on those links in the gift giveaway are not but a buying audience, then it makes it like a waste of money, basically. So thank you very much.

[878:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to again if you're not the one running the gift giveaway, I would run real fast away from something like that. Yeah, we've done where like, like my mom did. At Christmas time she, she gave away like three MacBook Airs. Now that was cool. It was her audience of people and stuff like that it was around Christmas, she wanted to she wanted the tax write off. And, you know, she had made millions of dollars that year, she wanted to give like, she just did that more just for the just because but it wasn't like a beginner level strategy. I see the people that do that more often is, it's more of the overflow of the cash flow that's already coming into their business.

[889:53] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah. I'm just gonna finish reading this one word, and I'm gonna ask my next question. You're hosting it. Okay. And on the the webinar presentations, you know, like a one hour presentation, could I use my proprietary holistic approach to coaching and therapy? So I've got like an acronym that I use called steer, plan, it stands for different words. And, and I'm just wondering if people, because you mentioned earlier in a webinar, you know, you kind of want to mention your approach and how people can work with you. Is that what you mean, by that? Like, could I do your approach?

[900:57] Speaker 1: You could?

[901:27] Speaker 0: Um

[903:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, okay, it depends on like, if you do that, and it's for free, you're definitely have a lot of people copying your approach themselves and stealing it from you, right? Of course, I have a different position on that. I tell people, I'm like, take my content, steal it, make it your own. That's more my that's more how I've always built things. I know, not everybody is that way. And I don't judge either way, if people are like, you know, whichever side they're on that argument.

[911:33] Speaker 0: So maybe I shouldn't even like be putting that because I have that as a page on my website. And yeah, so you're right, anyone can go and take that approach. So maybe I shouldn't even be putting on. You don't have that worry of a conversation, I just kind of mentioned I've got a holistic approach, and then go into the detail. And

[916:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could you could call, say what the approach is, and then describe how it is. I though tend to say there is more of, it'll help you with your sales, if you do pull back the curtain as much as possible, and reveal what's going on behind the scenes to people. Because a lot of people they get the sense of like, okay, she's holding back over here, is it really that great behind the scenes, I've taken the approach for I don't hold back anything in, in this sense, I hear like in the free content, and all of that is I don't hold back, if somebody asked me, I don't hold back anything compared to if they were a paid member, I'm not like, you're gonna have to become a paid member to do that. The only way that I would is if somebody's like, Hey, can you walk me through the whole process of like doing XYZ? And I'm like, it's about a four hour process. So my course will do that. Let me help you, at least on the beginning of that part. Oh, it's such a nuanced question. Because if you're saying it's like, proprietary, you want to protect the information, then maybe I wouldn't, what you might do as you could actually explain it. You could use AI and sort of explain your approach and come up with a and I've seen people do this successfully. They'll have one version that they sell, then their paid program. And then they'll have another version that they came up with, which has a different acronym acronym for their free offer.

[938:10] Speaker 0: Yes, and I do have a different acronym

[938:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that might be the approach to do is you create a an alternative acronym for the free offer. And then you you sell people on the kind of the proprietary one. On the back end, I've seen that that's been pretty successful. Somebody, her name is Eileen Wilder. And a lot of what we do with our virtual events and stuff like that, is very similar to how we she was doing stuff like that. She's actually good friends with Ric Pino as well. So we got a little bit of guidance from her in the process of doing this, the way that Eileen frames everything. She always calls everything, like a framework. And so she's like, I have my XYZ framework here. I'm going to teach you during this free event, I have this framework I'm going to teach you here, I have this framework. And she and I went through a few of the stuff and I'm like, okay, she just claimed to have like 30 different frameworks. And I realized any process that she walks people through, she gives it a name, like a framework name. And so it sounds like it's this big thing. But really, it's just her process, but she's anchoring it around the framework title. And then she's selling people on these frameworks and this framework, when they become a paid client. I thought that that was a really cool approach. Sometimes I forget to do that. I'm not as organized as that is when I give my presentations. I know she's a little bit more organized. Isn't that way, but that's one way that you could do it is you say, Hey, I have this framework, this framework over here. And then when you become a client, we have this framework, we have what's called the steer approach. And I can't wait to take you through that. When you become a client, and you sort of create this sort of like, this is our free stuff. This is our paid stuff type of thing. And they could cover the similar topics, though. You just could call them different different names. Yes, they could cover similar, they could cover like, similar foundational information, that's fine. For sure.

[970:14] Speaker 0: When when you say like, if I were to say, when you become a client, I use this stare approach. Should I be kind of what if I just, like spelled out the word like, the S stands for something? Right? It stands for spirituality and religion. And the T stands for something else? What if I just kind of like, said the words without explaining what I meant in depth?

[977:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: To me that, it feels a little bit like we're holding our thinking and over analyzing that part of things.

[979:21] Speaker 0: Okay. Um,

[981:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, yeah, I don't think there's any right wrong upside down. approach to doing that. I think I think that you could do, I think you could do that. I think you could do what, what feels best for you. As far as that goes. The more rigid like approach that I recommend is did you did you watch yesterday's training?

[985:59] Speaker 0: I think so. Okay, I've lost track of time.

[987:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, broke down to like the three stages of the presentation.

[988:36] Speaker 0: Yeah. 33%. Yeah, that those,

[989:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: those three stages, I found are the most consistent when it comes to your free presentation, delivering your content split up into those three segments. And so I found that that more than anything, is what I follow. And that's what we followed with Rick, and with my mom that has had the most success. And in my businesses, it's a friend and how do we come up with that framework? We it was actually it was Rick, Rick Pino and I spent four months watching everybody's webinars. And everybody's five day challenges him and I, like just logged into everybody's webinars and challenges. And we said, Okay, is there a pattern to how they're doing this. And we found the three step. Deal. And so it was like, We reverse engineered all these successful webinars, I realize they all follow this three step approach. At the beginning, I don't, I've never seen anyone actually actually teach it as a three step approach like that. But myself, though, which is interesting. So that's, and that's, that's how I, I learned a lot of stuff is I'll look at, okay. If somebody's running advertising on social media, and I see the same person running advertising, that means that what their advertising and their and their funnel and their process and their landing page is working, because they wouldn't be investing money in it month after month after month, if it wasn't working. So then I'm gonna go take a look at how is this structured. And since it's working, I can learn by observing, and it's called Funnel Hacking, looking at what other people's funnels are. And then I tell I tell all of our students go funnel hack, other people that are running ads on social media, see how they do their presentations, go look at my presentations, break those down. And you're gonna get a very clear picture of how to actually deliver a great presentation that closes sales by observing how successful people give their presentations. And then you just fill in your content and context into that framework. It's a lot less technical and complicated than it seems on the outside. It's actually it's more of a like, watch, watch some other people do that, do it, and then model them versus anything else. And I learned that from when I with Danny Johnson when I worked with her her whole approach of teaching sales was that they use what was called on the job training approach is you take your best salespeople, and you let your beginner salespeople shadow them and watch on a zoom call or on a back then we had to use it was like a it was a muted telephone line to where people could listen in to a salesperson that had like a 90% closed rate, how they would close phone sales. And then by listen During the beginner salespeople would catch on to the cadence of how to actually deliver those sales calls. It's actually the same exact way in the webinar challenge, mentorship and summit space, is that if you start watching other people, how they run theirs, how they deliver their presentations, you'll actually catch the cadence to it, of how successful people are doing it. And then you just filter in your language with that. And it's and it's, that's the most successful approach that I found more than anything else.

[1049:47] Speaker 0: And have you have this hundreds of webinars that you've watched? Have you found whether giving a visual slide presentation as opposed to just talking more effective?

[1053:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't use slides.

[1054:03] Speaker 0: I noticed. But with that. Yeah. And do you feel more effective? Like how did you feel internally when you're watching someone present with slides? Did you think wow, they're organized? Wow, this is really great slide, huh? Did it? Did it move you in any way? Not really.

[1060:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't my mom never use slides either. I know Rick does use slides. But then I think he's moved away from using them. And he uses a whiteboard more now.

[1063:45] Speaker 1: He's like a digital whiteboard. I like I like using something I can draw on behind me. Yeah, um, and so that's the approach that I've taken is, is that I find it to be more the way my brain works, it works better than me having to prepare all this stuff in the beginning. Yeah. And then having to follow through with that.

[1070:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I don't see it as a detriment to people either, if they if they benefit from that. To put slides together, either I don't see it as a as a negative. The only place I do see it as a negative is if somebody's reason for not doing their webinar for months and months and months is that they don't have their slides ready. So now I would be like, Okay, that sounds great. And I want to honor that you've said that, but you might have an underlying procrastination reason is more what it is that we might need to address. Because it does not take 12 months to come up with one presentation where the slides, there's something else going on there that we're not addressing. At that point, I really tried to have a lot of empathy for people taking a long time to do things, because I myself took longer than anybody that I know to do stuff that I do today. Um, the what kept me what, what motivated me what kept me driven, was because I was surrounded by multimillionaires that were so successful in this business model. So I knew I'm like, Okay, if I stick with this, I'm gonna be the next millionaire, just like all of them. But I took the longest of anybody that I know, to actually start to see success in my business. And so because of that, what I learned, though it identified is okay. I don't want you guys to have to take that long. I've identified as soon as I started doing this, and then this and then this is where the acceleration happened. And the biggest the biggest acceleration is when I started growing my email list and doing presentations. Prior to that, I was pretty much just wasting my time. And I think that until we like, there's something that happens, I noticed it in our coaching group. There's a psychological, mental and confidence shift. That happens in people in our group, when they actually deliver their first presentation to a group of people. Their belief level in the system increases. Even if they don't get a bunch of sales, they went through the process. And that increased their level of confidence, I find that people are hesitant to actually do that first presentation, more than anything else. Because fear of the unknown fear of making mistakes, we don't know how it's going to play out how it's going to pan out. And that's why that's the biggest area to grow in as to you might still have the the massive pit of your stomach butterflies. You might even feel like you need to throw up before. But by being able to take action and do the thing, even while you're scared, breaks you into a new level in your business. And that's what I like my mission with everybody in our accelerator is to get people to where they're actually making presentations because now they're off the sideline until you actually do a presentation to a group of people. You're essentially just planning your business still. You're essentially still on the sidelines over here. When it comes to your group coaching business. You might have some one on one coaching and stuff like that. But to actually do a group presentation, once you do that, that's when you're finally on the court on the field in the game, taking action, and you learn a lot by doing that, it's, um, because it's so because it is a dependence, some people that's like, oh, it's monumentous others, it's not as much as to others, but because for most people, it is sort of that big barrier that they need to cross. Um, it positively triggers them the same way that trauma would, but it positively triggers them as a positive experience, once they finally do that, to where they're, I've noticed, like their creativity after their first presentation, I've never seen a bigger creative explosion in somebody, after they do that first presentation, they will usually play their creativity as as, as stalled until they finally get through that first presentation. And then they got all these ideas for like, what they're going to do next to grow things. And I'm like, Yes, like you finally crossed that, that threshold. And now you're gonna start to see the momentum of all of this happening. And I say that from like, I've just, I've seen it in our group, like, people crossed that threshold, they're a different human being, once they do that first presentation in front of a group of people. And it's like, it's like night and day, like, they're, they're excited. They're confident they got 20 ideas now that they want to do, I'm like, Okay, let's, let's rein it back in. Let's focus on just what's our let's analyze the results. What's our what's our one next step? What do we learn? What's our one next step to do? That we can do to move forward? And bring it back to focus of that.

[1149:25] Speaker 0: So, you know, I think it was yesterday, you were talking about this guy that you know, who's taken my four years and has got a lot of resistance. Send him my way, Jeremy, I'll sort them out for you, and then send him back to you.

[1153:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I forget who I was talking about.

[1154:47] Speaker 0: Yeah, I remember what stuck with me was that he was hesitating for four years. And he's saying, Oh, I'm not ready or something like that. And he hasn't taken his first step yet. Yeah, you could, or you could maybe watch the video again, a bit. It might trigger you. But

[1159:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I don't I don't remember who I was talking about. But I mean, I see a diamond doesn't have that. There's, um, there's like, there's, like 15 people, I saw their name on the registration list for this five day event, that have been that type of person that they even bought the VIP. I haven't seen their name once on the VIP list. But they bought every VIP that I've done for the last the last year. And I'm just like, I, I don't, and I and I've reached out to them. And I said, Hey, what's going on? And they're like, the answer is always the same. It's always some variation of this. I'm getting things ready in my life to finally be ready to start. That's the answer that I that I get from those people. So like, I'm not going to argue with that. I don't need to like, Well, no, you're not you're being lazy. Like I don't need to, like rip into them. But like, ultimately, it's like, I don't know if that's actually what's happening. I think there's other stuff going on. And it's whether it be fear, also oftentimes those people adamantly adamantly deny that they have any fear in their life. I found that to be happened to were like the ones who say on just getting started, I'm not sure they, and I say I wouldn't say this, like I can say this because it's when you work with hundreds of people and they all have the same pattern and they say the same thing. Okay, it starts to become like a recognizable pattern and people say it's a pattern is they'll usually deny that fear has anything to do with it. Many of them will say it's their spirit of excellence is why they haven't gotten started. Because they need everything to be perfect, because they're unwilling to put subpar stuff out there is why. And so their unwillingness to put subpar stuff out there. They're getting started and ready to get started. But I you know, I'm thinking specifically of one lady, I hope she watches this video I sent her a two years ago I sent her a not so nice email and told her I said you need to grow past this behavior. I would not have sent her that email today. It was not very cordial. But like she has made progress in two years. She's still in the same spot. Like At some moment in time, you're gonna have to move forward and stop staying in the cocoon of what's comfortable.

[1202:56] Speaker 0: Indeed, yeah.

[1203:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a flip side to that, too, you know, I made a lot of people there. They carry so much guilt and negativity and self doubt and self punishment, because they're comparing themselves to successful people and all that. I don't want anybody doing that. I don't think I don't encourage self punishment. I'm a huge proponent of Self Compassion Over beating ourselves up. Yeah, I found that, especially in my life, I spent years beating myself up and it wasn't until I you know, even on the days when I had the biggest failures. I say, You know what, Jeremiah? You, you're giving it your best. You're a human having a human experience. And this failure doesn't define you. And you'll do better next time.

[1216:55] Speaker 0: Instead of like,

[1217:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you suck. Well, I don't even want to verbalize it anymore of how you start, like I was, you know, that's changed my life more than anything else. So all right. Um, uh, Lynette asked she's use WordPress for 12 years. Squarespace sounds easy. I like Squarespace. If you like WordPress, I'd stick with it. But Squarespace is easier to use for the sales funnels and stuffs. Alrighty. Well, that's the end of our bonus q&a Here. Thanks, everybody for being on here. Again, we mentioned at the beginning, the enrollment to our accelerator is open. Until next Tuesday, I'm not going to take the next 20 minutes to try to sell you all on it, you can go check it out at my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. It's right here we are throwing in three of our courses from the program as free gifts that you get to keep just for trying the program for 30 days, you still get to keep these even if you you know right out, say hey, I'm not going to stick with it past the 30 days, and you ask for your money back, you'll still be able to keep those three, those three courses. So I think that's a great incentive you have until Tuesday at midnight to jump in. And you can find the information there. It's also if you just go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. It's at the top of my site right here right on the homepage. So you can find that right here. And if you want to find the five day videos that we just did, they're also right here. They're all on this page, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash launch. And I have them here until Tuesday, then I'll be taking them down. Unless you're a VIP, then you can go find them by clicking login. And you'll go find them in the members area by logging in. You'll find a course with all those recordings in there for you. So thanks, everyone, we're going to be doing another q&a Like this. It's the last one that we're doing. And it's the same day that I closed on my house yesterday was like I had a bunch of stuff I had to do. We close on our House on Tuesday, which is fun. And then I'm hopping on at at same time. One o'clock, two o'clock Eastern, one o'clock central to do q&a with you all on Tuesday the 18th. I'll see you guys there for those that are in the accelerated the accelerator. I'll see you on Monday on our accelerator call. Have a good one and we'll talk soon

