2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2024-04-16T20:59:28.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: Z50sp7zEXCQq4ms3kyvoK-kDcVs
---

[28:31] Speaker 0: Next time maybe we won't schedule a photoshoot so close to a live q&a like this that we've had promised people to be a part of. What's up David? How are you? Hope you're doing well. It's just you and I on here right now. Log into this was the link correct that was sent out to everybody was the correct link now is that this really cool spot is called industrious co working. It redirected Well, yeah, usually redirects. Here we go. All right. Let's see. Here's an echo. There's an echo. There's an echo, echo, echo. I know there's an echo

[43:43] Speaker 0: What's up David that this really cool location called the industrious co working. here been to Austin. Anybody ever been to Austin? Anyways, this is where we were at. I was doing a photo shoot here at their third and Congress location right here, right where that photo is. Right in this photo, this is where we did the photo shoot right here in the common area. And so I took a bunch of photos, you'll see them I'm like sitting at the different tables and desks and stuff like that, which is kind of fun. So all right. Anyways, today is our live q&a. Bonus q&a, I just want to I just want to make sure that the link is correct that we sent to people. You said it redirected. Obviously, that usually redirects in the zoom but did like when you click the email that it opens, zoom up that work. It's going to restream generally, connect OBS zoom. See? Bonus q&a Live. Jump on live with us. All right, so now this isn't how we get it into all the different groups right here. Boom. All right now we're live across everything. Just four minutes late to be live across everything. We're doing pretty good. Actually. I think I think the fact that I hit crazy traffic was not on time, and all of that, but I started on time, which is cool. So I'm thankful for that. This next time. I'm not going to schedule a photoshoot to end an hour before when I'm in downtown Austin. An hour before we're supposed to be going anyways, today is our live bonus q&a. Wow, that probably looks crazy to people that are on social media as far as that goes. Anybody got any questions? For me? Any any questions for me about your business? One thing that I was trying to facilitate last time we were doing this is the six steps. Obviously, we need everybody to start doing the six steps. Step number one is your niche or topic. It seemed like everybody was having a really hard time even like, expressing in words what their topic or niche was. You know, what's your vibe? Who are your people? How do you want to help them? What do you do? You know, this is kind of like, encompasses that if you can't explain that you don't have a business. Okay? And I'm not that's not this. I don't think that David, is that disrespectful to say? I don't think it is, either. But I had some people saying it was very disrespectful to say like, if you can't figure that out, it's not a business. I got a bunch of emails from people saying like you like, How dare you tell me that like, and I'm like, okay, sorry. It must have triggered something there on you. Not you, David. But other people. You know what I mean?

[99:46] Speaker 1: I think that people just are defensive. Right off the bat sometimes. Yeah. Uncomfortable.

[101:27] Speaker 0: I'm working on I'm working on not putting people on the defense a little bit. Yeah. Because I

[103:22] Speaker 1: think that people are feeling silly. People are feeling insecure already. Like they're afraid to start a business. You don't know what they're doing. And then they feel this sense of just like, you know, there's a lot of fear and insecurity. I think

[107:36] Speaker 0: they come to urgency, the fear, the insecurity. Yeah, exactly. So it's like people who want

[108:49] Speaker 1: to do it who, you know, are better afraid for a variety of reasons like me, you know, I mean, like, I have fears about doing it. I think that's one of the big one of the bigger issues that a lot of the people in the client accelerator face. Really, when it comes down to it. It's like pushing the button. Well, but

[113:13] Speaker 0: this is open to the public here, a lot of people are not in the accelerator that this call was invited to. So what's up?

[115:40] Speaker 1: I thought this was just the accelerator. No,

[116:06] Speaker 0: this is this is an open q&a, I do these. This is like opened my whole email list. And what's interesting is, is it's also a great example of the fact that like whenever I host an open q&a, very few people show up to an open q&a Simply because they're either intimidated. They're They're scared. I mean, my hat says the Intimidator on it right here, but that's for Dale Earnhardt the NASCAR driver. So I would I would say, I would say though, me and me and him got a lot in common when it comes to kind of how we approach things. I feel like you could be intimidating to David.

[128:11] Speaker 1: Oh, I don't know. I mean, I, I think of myself as being a very kind to gay, but

[129:44] Speaker 0: Well, I think of myself as being a very kind person, myself. But like, sometimes kindness can intimidate people because they're like, Wait, not everybody's like that.

[133:17] Speaker 1: Right? I think that and it also has to do with physicality. And the way like what we were talking about the other day, like body language, sometimes, sometimes you need to be more, you know, aggressive as a coach, and sometimes you need to be more compassionate, like the feminine. Yeah,

[136:32] Speaker 0: we had something about that. Yeah. And it is important

[137:27] Speaker 1: to be able to implement both. And I think it also gives some variety when you're presenting, did you kind of go there and then pull back and totally compassion?

[139:54] Speaker 0: Yeah, totally. Yeah, I think that that's a great, like, that's a great conversation even right there. Since nobody's asking any questions. I mean, we can just even talk about that. push pull timeout is kind of like a little bit of aggression, kindness type of a thing. I think that being too passive, scared, timid, all of that. Or too aggressive, too, like BABOK on your face. Both of those have negativity, like they don't. They're not effective. Yeah.

[147:03] Speaker 1: And it also depends on your audience and who you're talking to me. I'm, I'm working with gay men specifically. Yeah, a lot of gay men are very sensitive. So if I'm, too, you know, if I'm too aggressive, they're like, back off, back off, you'd already be. So there's, there's a sensitivity and compassion that I have to bring into it. I understand what that feels like. And I think it's about kind of feeling out your audience and knowing Totally, yeah, for sure. Especially if you're a member of audience. Yeah, that

[154:39] Speaker 0: takes time. It's not always immediate as far as that goes to figure that out.

[156:05] Speaker 1: Exactly. And I think that even for myself, within the gay community, for example, I am I'm kind of worried about getting attacked by my people for doing putting Oh yeah. Especially because my work is about shaming internalized homophobia. Yeah. You know,

[160:50] Speaker 0: let me let me let me give you some encouragement, David, which is so which is so interesting because like, I come from a background that was just like the most homophobic possible, you know, highly conservative Christian background. That was like, I mean, like, you don't even have friends that are gay type of a thing is what we were taught growing up, and then like, and then I go out away from the church world. And guess what all of my best friends were usually get part of the gay lesbian community. And I'm like, I get along so well. And they're like, you're like, the coolest straight guy that we know. I'm like, Well, yeah, because I just don't give a shit. So

[171:59] Speaker 1: which is great, actually, to be really honest, when I first got into the client accelerator, and because of the, because I felt like there was this religious sort of undertone, or there were a lot of religious people that for a second, oh, no, this is like, I'm going to be rejected in this in. No, but my work is really about how do you as a gay person, enter all communities? And so it's, like, I have to I have to show up and do the work myself, which this is the work. It's like, well,

[179:35] Speaker 0: that's a great, that's a great segue to like, just my my passion is helping people. How do you take who you are authentically and go into places that might reject you? And and not because you're looking for rejection? But just because it's like, it's where you literally you feel inside of you a burning desire to have an impact? And then how do you attract the people that you can have an impact with and kind of repel away from you the ones that you're not? Like? Here's the thing, like, a lot of them mean, like the mean, people, I try to really repel them away very quickly. I've done I've done a really good job of not having like, mean people in our accelerator. Yeah. And yet we have a lot of people that would say would be traditionally conservative, even right wing Christian values that are in the accelerator program, but like they understand like that, okay, you can't like be like Donald Trump all that's. And by the way, like I look at, I actually look at even some of the more recent stuff in the in politics all the time. That I'm like, on on all the different candidates. I'm like, Okay, that was smart. That was stupid. That was smart. That was that, because it teaches me in marketing. As far as that goes, it teaches like, Okay, this is this is good. I am, I think, like, everybody just wants to know that they're safe. That that they are protected, that that the people they're around are fun, and that they're not that they don't have ulterior motives to. Yeah, exactly. You know, like if I just part of it. And we just sum up even in politics, but also in relationship and in marketing. Let's segue that right back to marketing. If we want to grow as coaches, we need to show that we're fun loving, that we're creating a safe space for everybody, that we're also willing to call out the stuff that's not working, right, that we're willing to say, Hey, okay, that that probably won't get you the result you're looking for. Because if you're in a coaching group, that is not willing to say, okay, that's probably not going to work for you this probably, well, maybe we need to adjust this just a little bit. You've got to make sure that you have people that will point out what is not necessarily going to produce the optimal result, long term or what or it's a waste of time to be in a coaching group like that. Right? Another thing is this, like, I look at the term coaching, a coach needs to by definition, point out what the other person is not doing right. But do so in a way that connects to get them to pivot and change the behavior. And, and, and, and what I find is that it's such a balance, because like, I don't like people to tell me what I'm doing wrong. I don't like people to tell me what I need to do. I don't like people to point out to me, Hey, this sucks. And you need to change this. And yet the best coaches I've had, they know just how to speak my language to do just that at the right time. Not to serve them, but to serve my best interest.

[233:12] Speaker 1: Exactly. Yeah, I just challenge you. I mean, you expect that from a coach, and it's about asking the right questions, so that the client, the person that's in front of you is, is you're they're they're coming up with the answer, as, as you're leading them into it, you know what I mean? And then then, when it's their idea, and they come to that moment themselves, it's more powerful than if you just tell them that you don't I mean, I think

[239:27] Speaker 0: totally anyways, we got it. We got What's up people? What's up, Carol, we got Claire here. This is our bonus q&a session. David's actually in our accelerator program. He's been in there for a while now. And we're just so thankful and grateful to have his presence with us. He's just one of the most amazing human beings on the planet that I've ever just had a chance to talk to on Zoom. We've never met in person, but just on Zoom. So thank you just for just for who you are. Appreciate it. Yeah, love being here. I love it. Yeah. Awesome. So the what we want to do is I want to make this an open time to answer your questions when it comes to how to get clients how to create offers, how to use Facebook ads, whether it be related to the six steps, like I said, finding your niche, your topic, your what you're doing, who your people are, what vibe you help people with, what do you do? How do you serve people, you gotta at least have a baseline as to what realm you're in. As far as that goes, you might not even have clarity on this, but like, what realm? Are you in? Is it mental health? Is it? Is it spirituality? Is it sales and marketing? Is it you know, dog groomers, you know, like, you got to know like, what realm you're gonna operate. And if you don't understand that, there's a series of questioning that you could go through with chat GPT to help you with that. And I might be able to walk some people through that on here. Unfortunately, I've never actually had to walk anybody through that that has come through our program, because most people have an idea. And if they don't have an idea, generally it's because of fear of missing out fear of loss, fear of making the wrong decisions, fear of it not working out or fear of the unknown. And so fear really becomes the common factor as to what prevents people from moving past. Step number one is just it's fear. And really fear is also what prevents us from putting ourselves out there. As far as that goes, worry, fear, anxiety, fear can also manifest as pride ego. It can manifest as I'm way better than all these other people. So I'm not going to lower myself down to that level the market in this way as far as that goes. So Carol says I help families and teachers toilet train their toddlers. That's awesome. We were about to start doing that here. With with little Halston, as far as that goes. Got any advice for me, Carol?

[278:45] Speaker 2: Yeah, I've tons of advice for you.

[279:17] Speaker 0: Oh, man, stop being a douchebag. Maybe.

[280:45] Speaker 2: I mean, that's exactly what I do is with families and I, you know, test to see where they're at, meet them where they're at, and come up with a customized plan. Yeah,

[283:44] Speaker 0: your needs we, I love it. I got a question for you. Is it wrong for a dad to hang out and play with his son all day long? No, not at all. Is that dangerous to his psychology? Yeah,

[287:24] Speaker 2: as long as you bring structure.

[288:20] Speaker 0: And first thing because I only play with him on structured.

[289:29] Speaker 2: Meaning, like, if you're going to be with him all day, and having a day. He needs structure in his life.

[291:19] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. That makes sense. Mom is better at the structure side of things. Yeah, I kind of like go real, like we just explore and like kind of find stuff. As far as that goes. I've had people tell me that as a dad that playing with my son without structure is harmful to him. And that my wife needs to be the one doing the more exploring stuff and and I don't know

[297:38] Speaker 2: that they firstly, I don't know if that makes a difference who's okay. Yeah, in my opinion, so and that's

[300:12] Speaker 0: what I wondered. But it was just it was certain certain people that have like been trying to give me advice about parenting, and they're just like, You need to stop playing with your son the way you are. You're gonna hurt his brain. And I'm like, I don't know if I agree with that. Like, yeah, I never had a dad. So my mom was both for me. Yeah, learning how to be a dad.

[306:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I get it. And that's exactly what I help families with is how to how to do all that. Such a need for them. Yeah, they come they are often coming to me for the toilet training aspect of things but overall, I'm helping them how to parent how to how to give guidance. Yes. Is how to bring you know every single person's like my child's so stubborn. Yeah. And that is literally every single family that comes to me. How how to create

[315:18] Speaker 0: how to children, my wife and I encouraged his stubbornness. Yeah. We kinda like it. We think it's fun. And we like you know, because we're both like that. So being positive

[318:23] Speaker 2: with him and Yeah.

[319:26] Speaker 0: We love it. He was he was having A little bit of trouble last night and but we were just like, how do we just stay super joyful even while he's having not having a hard time? So yeah.

[321:53] Speaker 2: So let me ask you a question. So well, knowing where the stage where you're at and that you're just starting starting, you really don't know what to do. What would be helpful for you? What would you be looking for is as the point

[326:07] Speaker 0: Yeah, good point. What I love that you said was you got specific with that families come to you for the toilet training. Yeah. Okay. But then they, but it's really you unpack it with the parenting side of things? Yeah. Like, how can they parent better and that goes deep into like, the personal development as parents as far as that goes, I think I think we haven't started the toilet training yet or even explored that world yet. He's a year old.

[332:51] Speaker 2: Yeah. And that's, and that's where my niche is. And that's where I become very specific is my, my mission is to be educating families and why you should start now why you should start earlier. Why? You don't need to probably will like pretty soon. So yeah. How the reason why you don't need to wait until they're three years old.

[338:15] Speaker 0: I don't think we were going to do that. No.

[339:19] Speaker 2: Me working in the classroom setting. I personally totally trained 15 plus students at one time, wow. transition them into underwear before two years old. Amazing. So my mission is to how to educate teachers.

[343:34] Speaker 0: Awesome. I think right now I'm like, just gearing up to go on our Disney Cruise here this week. And it's like, okay, let's let's think about this, like after we get back from vacation, and then we'll start exploring that side of things. We're excited to, like take Him at at a year old on like to go around the world, literally an experience, something that most kids his age don't till later, because he's very aware of his world around him. And he, you know, he'll remember it. Yeah, I think it's funny. People say, Oh, they don't remember things at this age. I'm like, Oh, they definitely do. I know, I remembered stuff at this age. So what

[354:10] Speaker 2: you just starting as a parent, what do you need? What would be for you? What What kind of gosh,

[355:34] Speaker 0: I hadn't I hadn't really thought about that right now. Um, I'll think about that and see if I come up with something by the end of this because I wanted to make sure we take some people's questions as far as this goes. And I think that's that is. Do you have any parents that you've worked with so far? Like they've started off? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Awesome. So that's one of the things that I love to do is like, in the beginning, where I like to go with people is, I'll take like, because I'm so I've had, like, 600 clients in the last year and a half go through our accelerator program. And we've had 1000s with what I did when I was working with my mom. So I look at like, what are the top areas that people are struggling? When it comes to they train, say, families or teachers or families to toilet train their toddlers? And then what stage are they at along that journey? And so that's how I identified the six steps. So like, I'm trying to, like almost blend, like your question with how I want to even help everybody else who's here. And we can get specific as to like, what are some of like, the top three areas that say you notice that families that are trying to toilet train are struggling with like stages that the rats like I told you stage we're at? We haven't even really thought about it. Yeah, so we're like, we're just exploring, okay, what does that world look like, you know, we're helping him be structured with eating food every day. Right now, you know, because we, my wife breastfed him till a year old. So we did that. And now we're moving him. You know, he's got two bottles of goat's milk a day, one in the morning, one at night, and then solid food for the rest of the day, to transition him away from that. So that's kind of the stage we're at, where do you what I like to do is inspire the conversation with my clients. And so you could almost you could help me like, What are like the top three stages people are at that are where I'm at, that they might benefit from the work that you do. And then you could build an offer around that.

[391:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, no, that's great. Yeah, that's exactly kind of what I'm going through right now. In my business. I'm dividing it up into stages, kind of like so. Yeah. Like meeting like, where you're at? My child's X years old. When should I start? Or what should I start doing? So kinda I want to create like a system of like, when your child's doing this developmentally, these are the things that you could start doing. Oh, that's cool to toilet training.

[398:50] Speaker 0: That's really cool. Yeah. And I think that helps identify like a sort of like Oh gosh, it makes me think of a like, like a personality quiz type of a thing. Yeah. Like, like, like, what? What range on this spectrum? Are you at? Yeah, you know, what's right, like where, you know, because it's so interesting. It's so multi dimensional. It's like a Eisenhower matrix almost.

[406:03] Speaker 2: And so the number one question I get, how do I start? Or when do I start? Those? Those are combined, right? So I think that goes along with it. So that would be like, to you like, great.

[408:41] Speaker 0: When do I start potty training? Even just? And so then that's where we get specific building an offer around that? Yeah. Sales, copy Facebook ads, your child is? You know, is your child a year old? You thinking about potty training? Maybe you think you're not ready for it. Right? Take this quiz decide, is a good time for you now. And that's where quiz based kind of like qualification is really helpful. Which is fun. And there's a lot of really cool tools for that that are out there. Type forum.com This is one of my favorites. Have you seen one of their their their video quizzes? And

[419:49] Speaker 2: that video by views, their quizzes, or I used to forums or survey forms? Are there? Yeah. So

[421:18] Speaker 0: they have a video solution that they branched it off into a different company video asked this is it. So video asked basically is type form, but it's a video of you. And they just get to click a or b as to like which direction to go. I have not used it myself. But I have like, just like for what you're doing this seems really cool. Because it's so personal and like non invasive or intrusive to like your your smiling face to say, hey, you know, we'd love to help you. Do you want to do want to learn about this? Do you want to kind of find out what stage you're at, or, and you just sort of create this sort of branching conversation through through video this way right here. And pricing. They're very affordable, too, which is so cool. You know, I really affordable as far as their pricing goes. I actually think

[438:17] Speaker 1: the quiz idea is really great, especially for you. Because just in your interaction with Jeremiah, you asked him in what way? Could he that's exactly. And you can teach them how they need help in the quiz when they don't know. And then then the what the service because they'll be like, Oh my gosh, I thought about this. This is something I don't know about. Thank you so much for letting me know. And then the want to sign up for it.

[445:09] Speaker 0: David's in my coaching program, my accelerator program. So him and I were talking initially here. And so he's got a lot of really great ideas on different stuff like this, which goes, I love this idea as far as that. David, do you have a way that you can see that she can take kind of like identifying where they're at what stages they're at and identify this? And is there a way like that even you could use something like that in your business that you see David? Yeah, I

[452:24] Speaker 1: think part of it is well, like, for example, in my business, it's about internalized homophobia and shame, which is subconscious, which we're avoiding dealing with, because our ego can't handle it. Right. So it's a really difficult conversation. So let me

[456:24] Speaker 0: pause you here, David. And I'm going to try to I want to I want to try to facilitate almost like a little bit of a masterminding here are like the three of us are talking. So Carol, would you say that a lot of parents experience shame as well? Yes, yeah. So that's interesting, even like both of your demographic has an even even for me, I think a lot of my clients experience shame that they don't understand marketing, they don't understand the technology, they don't understand. They haven't or they have something inside of them. They haven't put it out there. So like I it's so interesting, the shame aspect, I don't talk about it that much. But it's very much in common with our clients that we help is helping them not feel ashamed. Right, helping them not feel ashamed of who they are.

[467:50] Speaker 2: Right. And so that's something I coach on in it because so often parents are not realizing that they're shaming their child by what they're saying or how they're saying it. And so I coached them on the language and how and staying positive and in like the energy of it all. And so that that becomes powerful. We could change that. Yeah,

[473:35] Speaker 0: that's amazing. What are some of the ways that you help with that?

[474:54] Speaker 2: And kind of go through some role playing a little bit, I get calls with video. I like my calls with like via zoom. So kind of just having them kind of like when they're like telling me they're frustrated or something happened and what's going on. I tried to have them like to talk about it. and raise their frustration levels. And

[481:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: so again, that would be interesting. What I like to look at is the initial stages where you first meet a client to decide if they're a good fit or not, you might be able to implement into a quiz or a funnel or some way of doing that, to redirect them to different places to qualify them. And then to identify, are they a good fit to work with you at that point? And, and I think there's a lot of really cool, easy to use tools as far as that goes. So yeah. All right. Did you have any specific questions, Carol, as far as on this process of offers or marketing? And

[491:36] Speaker 2: yeah, I think that's what I'm kind of right now. And I'm doing a little bit of rebranding and trying to figure out how to restructure my business a little bit. So I'm in that beginning kind of stages of trying to figure out exactly what tools are needed, what's needed. What do I want to offer happening yet? Right now, I'm doing a lot of one to one coaching, and I want more of mass coaching courses, group calls, do more mentoring and educating versus coaching.

[500:27] Speaker 0: That's awesome. That's very cool.

[501:18] Speaker 2: I want to I want to learn how your system could help with that, basically.

[502:46] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah, the way the way that well, the way that were you on the three days that we did last week,

[504:54] Speaker 2: I saw parts of it, I wasn't.

[505:43] Speaker 0: Yeah, so we broke down a lot of like, the ways that that that works, the recordings will be offline tomorrow, but we do have the accelerator program where we work with you through taking what you do. And kind of okay, here's your ideas, how do we amplify that? By building offers out? And then how do we actually put that out there? Is it going to work? Again, I'm honest with people like oftentimes, when you launch something to the public with marketing, initially, it probably won't work. But that's where we do the testing. And then we go back and forth. And we figure that out. And so that's really where I think the value comes in, of why people work with me is that they get a they get me and and our community as sort of like a partner in their mission and what their vision is to help design the structure as far as that goes. So that's what that's what that's what we that's what we cover as far as that goes. Okay, cool. Thank you. All right. Hey, David, question for you. Because I just, I'm glad we got those. I almost want to like sit around and just have coffee with Carol and David right here, just like all day long.

[526:33] Speaker 0: Question for you. As far as in your business goes, What stage are you at? When it comes to? Like the six steps? Have you gone through the I remember, I just went through like, step one. Step one is the niche, we want to start to figure out our realm, our lane. Step two is the sales copy. What's the actual written the words that we use to describe it, we want to get specific as far as that goes, we also want to get specific as far as like, what Carol said, I helped with the potty training but or as you said, toilet training, I call it potty training, but

[536:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: the toilet training, but like it's really you're, you're more helping people work with kids. And that's, that's exactly what it is. Because it's like, adults get frustrated with kids so quickly.

[540:30] Speaker 0: And usually, they're getting well, that's a deeper conversation, they're probably getting frustrated with their inner child is what it is. And then the dialogue they'd haven't had with themselves. That's big for you know, it mirrors a lot of like our own inner like, person like relationship with ourselves when we're dealing with children. And so when we can get specific as far as how we help people, but then But then I came up with this today, I was just at this photoshoot, I mentioned this right before I was at this photoshoot. And I had to and I knew people were going to do this because I how I set it up. They were going to ask me, Well, what do you do because I basically I laid out almost exactly like I have right here. In the middle of that co working space. I laid out all these video games and all of this right in front of me in the middle of this photoshoot. And there's like all these professional business owners and everything, like millionaires around me, there's like what the heck. And they were like, well, what do you do? And I said, Well, you know what I do and what actually market that I do are kind of two different things. And I said Which one do you want to know more about? And one lady was like, well tell me more about like what you actually do. And I said, Okay, well, you know, on the front end I market that I help people get leads Thin clients and optimize their sales copy. But on the back end, I really help unlock people's creativity and and how do they feel confident to show up so that they can attract the best clients and express themselves in the most powerful, effective way possible. And oftentimes, the way that I do that is helping them realize that sometimes creativity comes by just having fun, doing things that are quote, unquote, taboo, like playing video games, watching Netflix, you know, hanging out with friends, instead of like, so focused on work and structured like also giving yourself structured play time. As adults, you know, especially if they're over the age of 40 years old, I feel like it's an even me, I'm 36. I was always told, like, you know, no, like play only comes after you do your work. Well, that doesn't actually translate to results for me in my work. So I have fun throughout my working day, even in the middle of the photoshoot, I had my game system open, because I was feeling nervous. And I was playing Ninja Turtles right there in between, because it was like a group photo shoot thing. So in between, and then they would see me playing and then somebody would come up and say, Hey, like, this is an interesting setup, what do you do, and they were there for the same photoshoot, you know, and the two people they were both coaches, they were both mentors. And so they were actually in the same industry that I helped with, they were both over the age of 40, as well. And so they thought it was very interesting that they were actually my exact target demographic. And they were drawn to me to ask what I did, by how I had it set up. And I was like, that's exactly what I show people how to do. How do you build trust? Within just a few minutes? And how do you do so with ethics, morals and integrity on the internet, through social media to close sales? And so it was, it was all very interesting, but like, it's identifying what do I actually help people with it really is the unlocking the creativity, because what I find is that a lot of times, people are like, I don't know what to do next, my brain is swirling, I'm spinning, I'm stuck. And if and what I try to do is give people clarity, or show them how to give themselves clarity as to what to do next. So that they have the structure of okay, your next step is let's write the sales copy. Let's make your Facebook ad let's create a chat GPT account, let's go create a graphic in Canva. Right now, let's go record a video. And that's like the phases that there are. And so it's like that's the structure is within the six steps. But then how we do that looks different depending on the different niches that people are in. So they really like what stage because you've been with us for a while what stage is your business app? I've been in all the stages, all the stages.

[606:31] Speaker 1: Let me tell you something, something has evolved in what my thought about what I'm doing. Because initially I was thinking that I'm creating a course for for gay men who are in midlife and beyond. But now I'm thinking because I, I communicate mostly through Tiktok lives or it's mostly where I get my people. That's where I get my my clients. So I do only one on one work right now. But just because of the inspiration I've gotten from this group and the idea of a membership group, what I want to do is I want to take those guys on tick tock that are really serious about this conversation, and bring them into a membership group where we meet once a week or twice a week for a question answer. Yeah, and my platform is called gay on purpose that tick tock live is evolving into a Podcast, the podcast will then get people into the membership group where they'll pay like $27 a month to get part of it. And then through the membership group, I'll create workshops that are paid or courses that are specific to the needs of the group as we're discussing it. And then they'll know me better and trust me, because they'll have FaceTime with me like we're doing here. Right? Yeah. As opposed to just cold calling somebody. And then and then once I get the once I get the product, once I get the like the course up, I'll do the Facebook ad for the course. And it didn't make sense. I'm not sure if I should do the Facebook ad to get me you

[627:19] Speaker 0: really, I told everybody, you always want to start with actually writing out the language that you would use to market it first. Yeah, that works backwards from creating the course. And so I always anytime we've ever built anything that's been successful is we've started with how would we express this to get people to buy it first? Yeah. And then building out like an initial version of the Facebook ads, even though we might not use it, it's almost an it's an inspiration to what we actually want to do because I noticed that a lot of people they make the mistake of I'm gonna record the course I want to build out my structure, I'm gonna build out my program. And that's great. And that really is you want to have something to sell, but you want to brainstorm by coming up with If your sales copy and your marketing and the marketing language, and that goes against what people think is best practices, it's so against even traditional education to like, how do I how would I express marketing this idea before I even have it, I'm not telling you, you need to market it before you even have it necessarily, but go through the exercise of working with chat JpT, through sales copy, go through the exercise of just creating ideas for Facebook ads initially. So that's always what I do. Even before I record a course in our accelerator program, I think of how would I sell this course to somebody first, what do they really want more than anything else, and so and so then that literally creates this like, perfect step. That's why the sales copy. It's one of the most number one areas I find that people are really resistant on is doing their marketing language before they actually have a product. And yet, if they can kind of like, realize that that's actually that is the right way to do things. It creates this a sense of like, ease and security and safety and even excitement inside of them. Because what I tell them to do is I want you to create example sales copy that excites you about the course you're creating, right? And so then you come across talking about this course. And now you're creating it, and now you're motivated, because you're driven by the excitement of I know how to market this once I create something. Right, right. And the whole thing,

[665:22] Speaker 1: I get a little hung up because I have done a lot of work on that, actually. But sometimes when I looked at the copy, I'm just like, it doesn't feel like me. And I'm like it does it cheesy. Am I trying too hard? Am I being too pushy? Like, and then I'm like, How do I get it to sound like me, I feel like if I just say it alive, like when I talk. That's exactly

[670:26] Speaker 0: it. That's exactly the example that I love to take people through is how the AI work on it. And then when I'll do I do this all the time. By the way, this is literally part of my process, I'll go for a walk around my neighborhood. And I'll usually do it with my dogs, which is very interesting. It's better with my dogs than with not because I'm like paying attention to them while I'm doing it. So it gets my brain off of the like focus of the sales coffee. And then once they're kind of like walking, and they're not like losing their mind, because they're trying to go after the neighbor's dog or stuff like that, you know, once they calm down, I find that I start getting ideas for my copy, and I just dictate it into my phone while I'm walking the dogs. Right. And then I bring that transcript into chat GPT and I say okay, now massage this into some sales copy. And I go back and forth over the course of like a day or so the whole process maybe takes me like four hours, for a really, really good sales letter to like, I might need like 30 minutes by itself, then I might go for a 30 minute walk. And I might do this at like three or four different times throughout the day, like okay, now I'm gonna have lunch, and I'm gonna go do this. And it's like creating this sort of like, just fun experience. That's way different than just I'm gonna sit at a computer and I'm gonna write sales copy. Right? Yeah. Whereas it worked for me. Whereas like, whereas for me like, because I've never written copy that way. I've never seen anybody who's a good copywriter. Write copy that way. And yeah, that's how most people think they're supposed to do it. And in fact, it's, it's usually it's something way more fun, and whimsical and playful. And then what comes out of that is this incredible way of expressing yourself that the way I describe it, it's like, how would you tell a best friend about this thing you're offering? You know, how would you tell a close friend about it, and they would be able to and the reason why I like the close friend example is they will be able to call you out on the fact that it doesn't sound like you. Versus if it does sound like you and it's written like in the tone like you would do a friend. That's great. So here's an example as well that I use for writing sales copy, I go to my favorite restaurant that I love to hang out with my friends at. I will literally watch a movie that I enjoyed watching with a friend. For me, one of my closest friends again, it's gonna be my wife. Just she's really as my best friend as far as that goes. So I literally when I'm writing sales copy, I turned on the Taylor Swift eras tour. Or I'll turn on Dune or I'll turn on Dune to or some or one of the Star Wars movies that we went to the movie theater to watch together. Because it gives me even that sense of community right there with somebody who's really close to me. Yeah, and then I'll turn on some of our I'll turn on some music to like either Eric Church or Morgan Wallen because my wife and I we went to a concert with both of them. It's so funny. My wife really is my muse when it comes to how I do a lot of this so because I just I love her so much and I love hanging out with her. Or, or I'll turn on stuff that I did while I was I have with my son. So my son loves like salsa music. So we listened to, he literally does, he'll, he'll turn the radio on to the Latin, the Latin channel. And it'll be like, you know, the I don't know what the words are, but the beat is there. And so like, I find, like, if I want to get into like a real playful vibe, like when I'm hanging out with my son, I listen to that music. And then when I do this, I'll go for a walk, listening to that music, and the sales copy just starts coming to me. Right, right. Right, right. That's a really great idea into the most fun, relaxed, community loving version of myself that I can be. And now what flows out of that is not Oh, I'm trying to make money with this offer. It's that I just want to, I just want to express to those that I love what I can help them with. Yeah,

[733:57] Speaker 1: that's a great idea. I actually think that that would is really helpful for a lot of people in the accelerator, in terms of making a transcription of even a conversation with somebody on Zoom, where you're fleshing it out. What is your business about? What are you doing? What are you passionate about? Getting really into it? And then and then utilizing your

[738:13] Speaker 0: that's exactly, that's exactly what I do. And that's the that's, that's like, that stage like 10 for people. When they when they're like, I have a lot of people, they're like, Okay, my business was working. And now I'm stuck. And it's not making me money anymore. So I tell them, Okay, take all the conversations you've had with people. And take all the conversations you've had with people and filter them through AI, the transcripts and have it find what the pain points are and what the goals are, and how do we structure this and even the the vibe of the conversation, and then what it does is are tuning it, the AI helps us tune it towards the direction that was that we're aiming for?

[750:14] Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, I love it. It's amazing. Actually,

[751:19] Speaker 0: some reason I've been playing with a lot. Zoom says that I'm talking in Spanish right now.

[753:26] Speaker 1: It's been, it's being translated. I actually have to I have to go because I have a live session now. But I'll see you later. Yeah, I want to talk more about this. I want to Yeah, thank you so much. Such a great conversation. And

[756:21] Speaker 0: we'll we'll continue in the accelerator. We've been, by the way, like what I've been talking about with Carol and David here for like the last like 40 minutes. That's what we've been talking about in our accelerator. for like the last two months, we've been just like, Okay, how do we take what we do, and attract the right people to us in a business to create the kind of results that we're looking for? So, yeah. Does anybody else have any other questions here? This is again, this is our open q&a time. As far as this goes, I

[764:35] Speaker 0: would love to I would love to take your questions as far as you know, at least for like the next 1520 minutes.

[767:53] Speaker 0: Anybody we're breaking down into six steps they break down to step number one, you got to know what your niche or topic is? Or what's your lane? What's your realm? What vibe do you help people with Who do you help? How do you help them? Number two, is it's the written sales copy. These are the words that you use to describe what you do you get specific about one specific area that you can help people in GPT four, but I also use Gemini advance, so I kind of go between the two for AI. But GPT four is going to be the better one. And I like to tell it to write it in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie which is my mom. So that helps it give me better ideas as far as that goes. Or the tone of Dan Kennedy or the tone of Russell Brunson. As far as you know. Step number three this is going to be all of your your tech stuff. So this is going to be putting together the landing page. This is going to be putting together the the email list stuff as far as that goes. So you know people once you figure out how you describe it, then we go into number four is promoting it.

[790:29] Speaker 0: We want to promote it out to people. You're in your mom's stock my mom stocks class every morning. That's awesome.

[792:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, so the tone of Sandy Krakowskie in the AI if you tell it to write it in chat GPT in the tone of Sandy Rakowski because it's trained on a lot of the copy that her and I both wrote on her website. It'll come out very close to how we recommend you write copy which is really kind of like a cheat code for a lot of people that is such a blessing that that's there. Um, you know, so promotion this is going to be your Facebook ads, your organic Oh, Um, whether it be podcasting, whether it be SEO, number five, this is your sales, this is where you actually sell this is where you take your exchange money. This is where you like open the doors, like we have to my accelerator program, you, you, you create an opportunity for people to pay you for something. But you also got to persuade, you have to get people to buy into it mentally, emotionally. And so this step right here takes a lot of skill to do. This is something that you never really master. My mom would be the closest thing I know, as a master to this. I know a lot of masters of sales, they've mentored me. I would not call myself a master at sales, but I would say I'm pretty good at it as far as that goes. And the best sales is super relaxed. You're not salesy. You're not like a used car salesman, you're not sleazy, you're not, you know, it's very authentic. You're helping people make a decision. Is this for me? Or is it not? I don't ever want to work with somebody that's like, I don't really feel like this is a good thing. For me. It's not that I'm like. Listen, I think that what I offer what I help people with can help so many people. But my personality is not for everybody. There are people that they very strongly dislike how I show up and do things and how I communicate and how I talk and, and stuff like that. And like even the video game stuff and the and the fact that I like science fiction, or, you know, I don't like horror movies, but I enjoy somewhat psychological thriller movies. You know, I do, it's my thing. I like NASCAR. I like football. I like race cars. I like virtual reality games. And I love my wife and son. And, you know, my son would definitely is not going to be watching a lot of the movies or games that I play a lot. Some of that's you know, when he's asleep in a totally other room. But like, not everybody resonates with the fact that the way that I enjoy to spend my time outside of business, is how I enjoy to spend it watching sports. My wife loves baseball, we were both we were literally were watching baseball last night. After Halston went to sleep. And we just we just both sat on the couch and watched baseball for two hours. Like when my wife and I were dating, we spent almost every day at the baseball stadium. So that's the way we connect. That's actually why I have this here. This was signed by one of the Kansas City Royals World Series, baseball players. So what I do is I connect with these things that bring me into an into an experience that allows me to show up with the best possible most effective energy that I can use to, to communicate the value that I offer to people. Does that make sense? And so that's exactly what we help people with in our accelerator program, we help them go through these six steps, and then take their superpower, whatever they coach people on, and how to translate it into a coaching program, or a course, or a quiz, or an ebook, or aura, or a published book or a, a membership or a gosh, we actually have people that have started churches. This is a very weird one. They were an author, who then founded a church, after they started working with me. Same thing happened with my mom, by the way, they were an author who started a church that was online, and now they literally have like, 1000s of people in a church that they run. And it's like a non conventional type of church that like, breaks down all the walls, like the normal religious stuff. As far as that goes, you know, it's been a very interesting thing. I find what's the difference between it, you know, a coaching membership or a church, there's actually not much at the core of things. And if you remove the religion from it, it's all it's a community of people that are rallied around a common goal. So not that we're starting churches here, but we're teaching you how to start communities, how to build community, that impact people to transform them into whatever it is whether they want to become the best dog groomer, the best dog walker, or the best sales copywriter, or the best video gamer you know, I have a feeling we're gonna start to have some video game there's literally video game coaches that are out there that make seven figures like they coach you on how to get better at video games. Do you offer a class on how to use AI for sales copy for business? Yes, in our accelerator pro gram, there's a couple of classes on that. There is sale the sales copy mastery for chat GBT class. I have quite a few videos on my YouTube channel as well, during the three day intensive that we just did. And this is why we sold the VIP to it because a lot of people want this on day three, I broke down how to use chat CBT for that I could even just show you real quick right now, Carol? How to like that I can give you like a crash course on using AI for your sales copy. How many y'all want that right now? I would Awesome. Let's do it. It's like 10 seconds. Since we're here. We got two questions on AI, we might as well, you know when in Rome, right? It's a and by the way, that's what I love to do is it's like, okay, if I'm getting like two or three of the same type of question. And maybe I was planning on talking about one topic, let's pivot over to this topic here. You know, and let's do that. I don't sell a course separately. But as far as my accelerated program, we do have a course on it. But let's, let's break this down. Okay, so do you have a chat? GPT account? Carol? Yes. Okay, cool. Do you have a paid account? Yeah. Okay. So you're gonna want to have a paid account that gives you GPT, four, and they just upgraded GPT for like a week ago. And it's, it's really good, it's better than it was. Okay, so here's the thing when it comes to AI world, it's like the wild west right now. They're all competing all these different companies with their own version of AI to be the best, most powerful best version. As far as that goes. For sales, copy, chat. GPT is still the winner. But Google has one called Gemini that I use alongside chat GPT. And what I do is I'll generally use both to brainstorm ideas. So Gemini advanced as the paid version, they have a 60 day free trial of Gemini advanced. So what I like to do as I will usually my workflow for sales copy, and what I've been showing people for the last couple of months, is kind of having two windows open GPT, four and Gemini advanced. And then sort of getting both of them to brainstorm your sales copy. Because they give you this sort of like right brain left brain like multi-dimensional, very different version of the copy. But for me, seeing both of those together, gives me a way clearer picture as to how to express what I'm looking to express, which is kind of cool. So but if you want to use just one or the other, I would use GPT. For by itself. Gemini will tend to be way more creative with its ideas, and way less effective when it comes to sales. So it's a lot more emotional. Gemini advanced is Google's is a lot more emotional. Chat, GBT is a lot more logical. Okay. And so I would rather your sales copy be what Chad GPT produces, because it's going to be more effective than using what Gemini uses. So I don't know. Hopefully that made sense as far as like, why I use both versions. But if you want to just use one or the other GPT for is going to give you 80% of what you're looking for. And then like the more emotional side will be from here. So let's go let's go. Let's just use GPT for let's take what you do. Okay, so we and what I like to do is this when it comes to using AI, is I take on a almost like a role as if I am working with somebody who doesn't speak English very well.

[945:31] Speaker 0: I work with a lot of people actually that like English is not their first language. It's not even their second language. And I actually this has taught me how to work with AI better. Because the words you use you got to be very careful with what you use with the words or it'll misinterpret the intention. So what I look for as I sort of pretend like I'm talking to somebody who is in either like South Africa or the Philippines, those are usually kind of the two that I'll aim towards. I've worked with a lot of people from both places. They're incredible people that I love, and they're so smart and genius people but when we're translating like Americanized English, it doesn't always work. It's like there's there's a there's a that's like lost in translation. Even though even South Africa they speak English it's like lost in translation as far as that goes. So that mindset of okay, I'm talking to somebody who English is not their first line. which just that alone will help you with using AI better. Okay, that's great tip. Yeah, it's a really cool mindset to adopt. Like just being a little bit more specific, more rigid and how you talk, because it's translating some of these words differently. Okay, so I want to write sales copy for a. Let's see a quiz that we can promote. Let's just do the quiz idea that we were talking about earlier. Yeah. Through a Facebook ad to identify if people are a good fit for my what was what is it? Is it coaching? Is it mentoring? Is it a class? What is it that you're doing?

[971:39] Speaker 2: Right now I'm coaching. I'm creating a membership program. So for my membership program,

[973:37] Speaker 0: yeah. That photos hilarious. Okay, so coaching program for your mentorship to help parents and teachers of toddlers, toilet train? And then Okay, now we're going like through, right, is that correct? Yeah. Okay. And then give me a little bit of like, the nuances as far as how you help people, two or three bullet points as far as like, what you're the underlying messages. And this is sort of like a look under the hood. People wouldn't know this until they kind of dove in with you, but it helps the AI to kind of tune it in that direction. And like you said, the parenting side of things, the communication with the kids stuff like that. So

[986:37] Speaker 2: so your, your three bullet points, and what exactly what do I do?

[988:04] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, like, wow, like, what is your, what I call it the methodology or framework that you kind of walk people through? Like, if you're going through the structure, and we were to like, look under the hood of what you do? What would you say would be like three pillars of how you help people, when you really kind of get into the weeds with them? And

[993:25] Speaker 2: yeah, so I help them one, identify the problem. Try to kind of go into like the root cause or the beginning of it. So often, we have to take several steps backwards before we can move forward.

[997:52] Speaker 0: Yeah. Yep. That literally, if I was to, like write down what I help people with, it's almost exactly the same, same words. So yeah.

[1001:33] Speaker 2: And so ultimately, people lost, confused. They don't know what to do. They're extremely frustrated, overwhelmed. So I basically am their support system, they're able to put the pressure on me, and I do the hand holding for them, and guiding them through the process.

[1007:55] Speaker 0: Amazing, and the way you articulated that was brilliant. So I think that's awesome. And I think that what you do is is incredible, you mentioned something about the kids are usually like stubborn or something like that. So

[1011:52] Speaker 2: my child's extremely intelligent and smart and stubborn. And so I would say those are number one things and or I'm getting children who are you know, are not speaking yet or, or who do not have the skills or capabilities of final motor skills and things like that. So So you kind of get a little bit Okay, cool. Intelligence Great. Are in the beginning stages.

[1020:49] Speaker 0: That's awesome. My son is obsessed with the the Miss Rachel shows, and it's helped him a lot with his communication and even motor skills. That's great, too. Yeah, I think it's really cool. Some of the some of the content, I watch it because it's brilliantly put together as well to learn how to create YouTube content that keeps even adults engaged. So okay, so right here is kind of basically what you just told me I translated, one thing you'll notice is I repeated multiple times, parents and teachers of kids, parents and teachers say, because I'm reminding the AI even though we said it here, it's the AI is not intelligent enough to remember what I just told it two paragraphs. So like, I have to repeat it to an annoying, like, if we were talking, if I was to write this to a person, they would probably get annoyed as to like, how I redundantly repeated myself so many times, but that's what helps the AI actually work well, right. So there we go. So one prompt right here. Let's come up with this. And that's a framework for just drafting any number of different forms of marketing or sales copy just to describe kind of how you help. And then what you actually do. And then some of the underlying areas was what the issues are. Is your toddler ready for toilet training? Take our free quiz and find out struggle with toilet training, feeling lost or overwhelmed. You're not alone. Whether you're a parent or teacher, a simple quiz can help you determine if you're facing deeper challenges in your toddler's development journey. So this might be in their face a little bit. What do you think?

[1049:02] Speaker 2: But like you're going to talk about earlier, like how you could change the tone or how you could change the so how would you take this and make it more sound like more like you

[1052:24] Speaker 0: rewrite the above? Also, if you want to make it sound like the way you talk, I would, yeah, no, I

[1054:45] Speaker 2: know. But just Yeah, I

[1055:28] Speaker 0: would have you like, like, sort of, like read this out to me like out loud. And like reword some of this the way you would say it. Okay. And then we would filter that back in and have it observe that tone of voice. So here's what's really fun is I think we can do that in real time right now. So I have this tool that it joins us while we're actually on here. That's called autopilot. And it looks like yep, it's going live. It's transcribing everything that we're saying right now in real time. And so you can see if I scroll to the bottom here, I haven't joined me on every zoom call that we're on. Yep, there it is. So it's on here. It's live. It's right there. It's transcribing what we're saying. So if you were to kind of take a look at this copy, and sort of verbalize it out loud, in the way that say, Carol would describe this type of stuff. How would you? Like, change what this says? And like, how would you describe this type of offer? What words would you use? And

[1075:48] Speaker 0: there's no right or wrong way to do it, either. It's it's kind of like, it's just kind of like riffing with the copy. And like, you know,

[1077:22] Speaker 2: right. I'm just trying to read and see what says, yeah. No, I mean, I would say, very well does sound like me. One thing that I'm always making sure, I don't like to use the word potty. And it often, always, it starts off with toilet training, and then it chant changes to potty. Interesting. Yeah. So I'm always careful about that,

[1083:54] Speaker 0: that do that here, though.

[1084:50] Speaker 2: No, that's what I was trying to look for. It did.

[1086:11] Speaker 0: I think it actually kept it because we use that word. I think it kept it in vain. So that's good.

[1087:35] Speaker 2: And I also like to I wrote a children's book, and it's called, I can do it toilet learning. So I also intertwined toilet learning with toilet training, and talk and that's mission is to be talking about what is the difference between the learning and the training?

[1091:52] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah. Awesome. Very cool. Um, okay, so So yeah, so there's one way to do it. Here's how I would say, reword this. If I was doing this myself, and then we can see what this does. So and this is it's this is this just comes from me, being me and being doing this with business owners for years, as I can look at their sales copy, and almost like help them recraft it better in like, five minutes. So I would start with is your child or toddler ready for ready for toilet training? Let's find out. Are you struggling to start toilet training? Don't know if you're ready to start? Do you feel lost alone? Confused? Listen, if you're a parent or teacher, it can be frustrating to struggle in this way. And we want to make it easy for you. That's why we put together this simple quiz to dive deeper into how to help you in this all important, inevitable experience and help it happen quicker. Why take this quiz? Well, we're gonna help you figure out what's going on underneath the surface. We're gonna we're gonna look at the root cause. What is affecting the progress maybe haven't even started yet when to start as well. We're going to personalize all of this based on your answers to guide you through the process. uniquely, because listen, every child is unique. Every parent, every teacher is going to show you the right stuff to do at the right time, we're going to give you the structure, or we're going to save you time and stress. So that actually becomes very fun and easy for you. So lets you it's not that headaches that you're experiencing right now, why are we able to do this? Well, we've been doing this for a long time, we're gonna be able to give you our expert guidance, we're gonna be here to support you to take the pressure off, and to hold your hand through the whole process. This isn't one size fits all, it's designed strategically to help the individual. And we take a step back to the beginning of what's going on to really customize something that fits you and your toddler's needs. Some of the things we address are, you know, my child's very intelligent, but they're also kind of stubborn, they're struggling with how they communicate, maybe they haven't developed certain motor skills yet. We take all of that into account. And we help you take that important, necessary, exciting. First step forward towards the best toilet training experience that you have ever had. That's fun for you and for your children. So take this quiz. Let's jump in now. Okay, so obviously, like maybe you wouldn't have worded it that way. But like what I did was I kind of gate I was wording it the way that I also know that AI would help us with that, as well. And so I reworded some of the way that they did this by doing that. Is there anything that I said that maybe you definitely wouldn't say it that way?

[1145:29] Speaker 2: Now, you said it perfectly. Cool. Awesome. Hey, like, I tried to hit Make it fun. help the child help the parent?

[1148:01] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay. So you

[1151:40] Speaker 0: I'm putting this into a document and then copying it over here from the transcript. Okay? This is great. Let's adjust and tune it slightly to the following tone, Cadence and structure and rewrite the sales letter based on the following to improve it and make it more. And I'm going to paste what I transcribed right there into it. And now, here's version two right here. Here's the cool thing. When we're in a coaching environment, I'm able to do this in real time with people much quicker. When you're just doing it on your own. You're kind of like going back and forth with your own like, dialogue with yourself. Or you started Yeah, so here, there it is. Now, it's even even closer aligned to sales copy to what we're talking about right here. And there's more that we would unpack with this. And this is where it kind of gets fun where I have these prompts on this chat GBT document here. So like, over at my website, I actually have a free chat GBT prompt download. It's a Google Doc that has all these copy and paste prompts that you can take right here. So step one is writing a sales copy letter. But then what I'll do is I'll go through and I'll paste these in here. And I do this for all my sales letter is why I start to have it mapped out for me the pain points of the customer, their frustrations, uncertainty on when to start toilet training, frustration with past failures, feeling overwhelmed with conflicting advice, concern over their child's development cost concerns time constraints, skepticism, previous disappointments. So that's what we really want to address deeper is some of this in your sales copy. And what's cool is that because we were able to start with a good foundation with the dialogue that we just did, and this gets a lot more accurate. And so this is where I put on my sort of like detective hat and like start to scrutinize the results of the AI starts to bring forward. So if you read through some of this right here, is there anything that stands out to you that is not necessarily accurate based on your experience? Or that you don't like to address or as far as maybe he doesn't fit into the lane that you help people with? Because this is where we don't want the AI kind of steering the conversation. We want to steer the artificial intelligence

[1192:26] Speaker 2: to be more accurate, is quite accurate. Okay.

[1194:05] Speaker 0: And that's the thing the AI really is starting to get a lot more accurate with how it expresses things. Let's see desire for smoother transition hope for Barney experience. kid this is where it starts to go into marketing language, and how maybe like what would feel comfortable for you or not to say, ready to leave diapers behind discover our unique quiz that can start your success story Okay, feel like you're in a toilet training Mays transformed toilet training from frustration to find? The stubbornness stopping your toddler unlock the secrets to toilet training success. Don't go about it alone. So is there anything in these headlines that maybe you don't like or doesn't resonate with? You?

[1205:11] Speaker 2: Know, looks looks great.

[1205:52] Speaker 0: Okay. Again, I want you to start to get like, because what's gonna happen is as we go through this, you're gonna find something that I think maybe you're like, that doesn't quite sound like me. So we really want to point that out if it comes up. Yeah. Any of this stuff right here. Say goodbye to toilet training troubles.

[1214:08] Speaker 2: I wouldn't say the sea of strategies that don't match your child's unique because the

[1216:09] Speaker 0: sea of strategies that were is that that, that don't match your

[1218:19] Speaker 2: child's unique personality and needs?

[1219:43] Speaker 0: This feels weird and awkward. How would you maybe say? Like, what do they actually feel lost? And they just feel lost in the lost and overwhelmed? Yeah, I would just keep it simple. They feel lost and overwhelmed. Yeah. And so again, that's where like, the AI starts going off the deep end a little bit.

[1228:00] Speaker 2: So, so this is like, you would use all these as emails? How would you? No,

[1229:27] Speaker 0: no. So what we're doing is, is we're tuning the AI and training it to create the very best foundations for our marketing language that we use for Facebook ads for a landing page for headlines to get people to sign up for an email list to register for a quiz to buy a course at it. And so even like, if we're talking about, okay, we're gonna use this for emails that goes a step way beyond where we're at right now at this stage, to craft emails, and how do we actually communicate as far as that goes. So really what we're just trying to do as we're trying to get a baseline as far as the language to tune the AI to what we're looking for. So just put this right here, let's simplify keep the message clear. Philosophy overwhelmed everyday might bring a new challenge, the advice just getting doesn't seem to click with your situation. So what it is, is there's there's multiple steps on this. So we have the epiphany bridge prompt. Now, and so then I paste this in here. And it starts identifying the main problem as the overwhelming and frustrating experience. The solution is a personalized quiz and coaching program that provides tailored strategies and expert advice making toilet training more manageable. So it creates sort of a fictional backstory about the type of person that you're looking to reach. Because good sales copy really is just good storytelling. Yeah. So this is a fictional person that might or might not have gone through this with you i to face the daunting task of training my own child, like a neverending cycle of unsuccessful attempts and mounting frustration. I spent countless hours reading books, consulting experts are trying every strategy under the sun. Nothing seemed to fit. The turning point came when I realized the need for more personalized approach. My deepest desire was to create a solution that would not only simplify the training, but for every parent and teacher facing a similar struggle. So let's do this. Let's say I'm speaking this is how I would on I'm speaking to an individual who's struggling with with this, and they may have either started already, or they haven't started. They may have done a lot of research, or they haven't done any research. I'd like to copy and backstory and we've been epiphany bridge to attract both types of people. So and that's where it's like, it just depends on that's for if we want to get specific around copy and language that attracts somebody who has done a lot of research, it would be different language than maybe somebody who's just getting started. Yeah, so to appeal to both parents and teachers who might be starting or their process at the beginning. I said exactly where you're standing on the brink of starting toilet training or deep in the midst of another challenging day feeling like I was getting there. Where are the import hours in the researcher, you're just stepping into it with no map at all the journey can feel daunting. I remember the frustration and nagging fear of not doing enough or not doing it right. Are you ready to change the way you think about toilet training? Whether you tried everything or you're just starting out? And it goes over? Well, it keeps going into this whole sea of advice thing. Um, can you observe the tone of voice of the following text and rewrite the above epiphany, epiphany bridge and copy based on the tone below. And I do have to get going here in just a sec, because we were reaching kind of a top of our, yeah, our time here, we're at well, I we were supposed to go for an hour or so we went past it. But there's a time when I felt just like you wondering if it was the right moment to start toilet training, or I missed a crucial miss something crucial that everyone else seemed to know, the advice I tried to follow felt like it was meant for somebody else's child, not mine. So what I was able to do by taking that transcript, again, was telling it to observe the tone and recraft it back, realign it back to that tone of voice that we were using in that sort of transcript. And so again, this is kind of like there's there's a few steps to this, you can go through or generates a results generator, sales copy questionnaire. So it's creating all of this. And that's really what kind of dives deeper into using AI to create your sales copy. And that's the that's the starting place of them. We create something that attracts people with our landing page or gets people to sign up with their email address, or it gets them to register for that. So

[1312:00] Speaker 2: right, all great information. Thank you for sharing all that with us. Awesome.

[1313:14] Speaker 0: So well, hey, everybody, if you're on here, I'm sure you've been seeing the ads or getting emails about our accelerator doors closing, again, we'd love to have you join us in there. At least to just try it out for 30 days and work with you through your copy your ads, the tech the promotion and sales process to help you start to get more people on your membership or to help you

[1319:54] Speaker 0: to reach those goals that you have. All right. Is there any other kind of final questions before we go here?

[1322:30] Speaker 0: We think you had Carol and Claire canal good. Yeah. Love Jana. No. And by the way, if anybody asks any questions on Facebook, maybe you're like getting offended that I haven't responded to you I apologize. They don't show me the questions from Facebook groups and stuff like that. So I want to go back later and kind of tight back and answer to you. I have a lot of people they I've noticed they got they get upset that I don't respond to them from the Facebook groups and it's because I don't see the questions in front of me. helps me stay focused when we're here on the Zoom call, so alrighty. We will see y'all a little bit later. I'm gonna go one by one

