VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-03-11T21:19:51.000Z
Duration: 75 min
Otter ID: 0axXTXAmbjz5TBwcDTZuGenwE1w
---

[1:31] Speaker 0: All righty. What is up The Dark Knight Rises

[6:05] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello. How y'all doing? I know what's up dude. What's going on man?

[8:32] Speaker 1: What's up The Dark Knight Rises that's it I keep saying how many y'all watch that video of me with like all the all the Batman stuff where I was coming out of my pool where I was like in the in the dark. Did you see that one?

[12:55] Speaker 2: Okay, I missed that one.

[13:09] Speaker 1: You missed that one where I was naked in this and I wasn't naked. But you know. I'm kidding. I have a bunch of people. They're like, You shouldn't be filming in your swimming pool. And I'm like, almost build some more of my swimming pool then. No, it was right here. I was like, I literally like went down into my pool. And then I was like, came up. And then I put it on Instagram. I was like The Dark Knight Rises. was like a metaphor to the Batman movies and stuff like that foreshadowing to it as far as that goes. So

[22:00] Speaker 0: have any of y'all studied like filmmaking? At all?

[23:13] Speaker 1: What about music production? Stacy? I know you have. Because I know. I know what you done what you do, Stacy. I don't look to you up a little bit. And I was like, Oh, she's a She's a beast. She's a sneaky beast, though. You know, I'm talking you know what I'm talking about. I'm not gonna tell anybody your secrets. But I tell it tell us a little bit about what you do. Stacy, you've been following me for a while now. But tell it in your own words. How would you describe what you do?

[32:13] Speaker 3: Well, I transitioned. But I managed my four adult children in the entertainment industry. Pretty crazy.

[34:31] Speaker 1: Yeah. I level and like they're like, not like just beginner level in that like they like became stars.

[36:26] Speaker 3: Yeah. Like our daughter just had her songs. This is really cool. You know, NASA just sent a rocket to the moon. Yeah. With Elon Musk. The low key, but my daughter has they have a digital nickel. And my they pick 222 artists and my daughter has her songs and NFT series in the nickel. See, look at that. Perfect.

[42:43] Speaker 1: That's an alignment. It's because what we're doing is here is so have you all ever heard about E acceleration? Are you familiar with the term e AQ? No. Okay. So I'm on like a so when it comes to AI, I have to sometimes. This is why sometimes it takes me a little bit a little bit to like, teach you guys. There's levels to the AI game as far as that goes, Okay.

[51:11] Speaker 0: I'm up here.

[51:54] Speaker 1: Guys like Elon Musk are up here. Most of y'all are like one or two levels up right here. So I got to figure out how to like come down here with what I teach. But I live up here in the clouds with some crazy stuff that like I couldn't even teach you today because it would be so difficult to even it would take us like four hours to get to like even teach you one concept about AI and the way that I do it. I do it. I did stream. Michelle, did you see me stream that in the group with my buddy who was the mortgage guy? It's in the accelerator Facebook group.

[61:39] Speaker 0: Ave. Did you watch that one?

[63:30] Speaker 0: Did you watch that one? I'll be

[64:10] Speaker 1: able to come on audio. Oh, no, no, I have no idea. And actually no idea. No, I would love Oh yeah. So we spent like three hours it was me. And then this guy in Shenzhen, China. So he's an AI guy. He's part of the IAQ community. And then this other guy. He's a mortgage broker that I work with. He's Brazilian, good friend of mine. I spent the whole day playing video games with him yesterday. And so I did this whole thing with my group in my accelerator, where we spent three hours breaking down like some of the deepest high level ways of using AI that I think are like, like nobody's talking about as far as that goes. So it's in our accelerator group for anybody to watch, but I'm going to remove it from there. I'm creating this whole resource. Great question, Jason. So I'm creating something I haven't seen you ever heard of like the hype house. So I want to create the AI hack house. I'm gonna create the AGI cops But but it's not going to be for a lot of y'all that are on here. Some of y'all might join your kids might like it. But it's gonna be the AI AGI hack house. And what we're doing is so do you know Andrew, Titus, Stacy.

[84:44] Speaker 3: And I know the name. It's familiar. Yeah.

[85:19] Speaker 1: So he's this big tick talker, who like he got in trouble for trafficking girls, and an only fans pimping ring thing type of a thing. Not a role model necessarily. Some of his content though, is, I like what he says. But then I'm like, wait a sec. It's like hard for me to listen to them. Because I got to, like, remind myself like, Wait, like, I don't agree with the way he does things. So I gotta be very careful in small doses. I like some of it. But I, I want to my goal is I want to reach his audience of young men under 40. Men under 40. As far as that goes, I say, young men, because I'm

[95:38] Speaker 0: gonna be 36.

[96:44] Speaker 1: I'm a lot younger than most of the people that I mentor today. Is there anybody younger than me on this call here today? By but not. Exactly. So that's the thing is like, there's this whole world around like video games and stuff like that with AI that I want to bring to the table, and I want to develop and stuff like that. But I don't want to bog down my business owners for what I teach as far as that goes. And I want to kind of like, navigate those two. So the AGI things gonna be like this free thing. But I want to leave, I want to be a lead magnet, then that then leads into my main program, where I can mentor these younger men and women, not just men, right? That basically, if you're a gamer that loves AI, like that's what we're looking for here in the video games. So

[109:47] Speaker 3: my son is a top twitch. And his friends are also awesome. Yeah, I'd

[111:51] Speaker 1: love to talk to him with him. That's cool. So anyways, today what I want to do is I want to help y'all Jason says, what resources do you go to for your AI in general knowledge? X x.com. Elon Musk's platform x.com. Especially if you have X premium, you get access to the grok AI, which is Elan artificial intelligence. And he's about to open source it too. And then what you can do is when you're on X, you can subscribe to different people and it can give you access to different people as well. So you pay to get verified this is like paid monthly right there. But then I'm subscribed to I'm subscribed to these five different people as far as this goes. Okay. This one because it was like a comedy page. And I thought it was like hilarious how she was playing off of different things happening in technology. Subscribe, because I thought it was hilarious. This is a sarcastic cartoon dog wearing glasses. Some of y'all don't know this, though. This guy actually created one of the most valuable assets in the entire world, called Dogecoin. Dogecoin is right here, Billy Marcus. That's his name right here. He created it. And so I subscribed to him on ax. He's, again sarcastic, irreverent, and hilarious, and just cannot stand stupid people. And that's what I love about him. When I say stupid people, I'm talking about people that are just like, crooks and criminals. And here's his watch dune to it was good. Lots of sand. So like, this is where I get all my AI news and things like this is on is on x and using this platform and then using the grok. This gal Bindu is amazing. She's a CEO of abacus AI, probably one of the best AI influencers that I follow. I would highly recommend following her. She does amazing things in the AI space, as well again, who else do I subscribe to I subscribe to Bev J zOS e AQ This is remember I asked you Are you familiar with E AQ? As far as this goes, so I'm not gonna put E AK on my profile, because it's sort of slightly feels like a cult, but it's not. I don't know. It's about people that are like trying to accelerate how quickly AI takes over the world. So they're trying to basically take away jobs faster, make it to where nobody has to work, to where AI is running everything. They're running the government. They're running all of that as far as this goes. So I'm not 100% for that, but I follow a number of E X influencers and engage with them. There's this guy right here. Bev J. zOS. He's creating a chip. He's, he's powerful. He's got some amazing content as far as this goes. Some of y'all because Have it like him, he has people that don't like what he's doing. This is his IAQ community. I'm in it. I'm a member of his E AK community. See, the idea is it's going parabolic with the acceleration of artificial intelligence. And really what it is, is it's a bunch of nerds, a bunch of video gamers, and a bunch of scientists studying, how do we make AI take over the world? That's what it is. And so for me, I like to inject myself into that conversation and pay attention to the different sides of it. Okay, so I got a buddy right here that I talked to his name is Martin is funny. He's Where is he right here, Martin. I don't know what this means. It's like yoga AK, founder of the yoga act fork, I guess. That's awesome. Because he's worried about like being like, chill out. But like, he loves the AI stuff. That's why I resonate with him. So so him and I, we play video games together, me and this guy. And we talk about AI, and we chat about it. Here's Elon is AI right here. What is yak it's a term for effective accelerationism. It's a political and social philosophy that seeks to promote technological and social change by accelerating the adoption of new technologies and ideas, like I mentioned, going after people that are violating on their taxes going out like so it's all about that is their whole thing. Really, they're trying to accelerate us towards a world of where the matrix is a reality and like some form of like communism, capitalism merging together. So again, I'm not 100% for that. But I learned from these people, as far as this goes, that are a part of this yak community. And so on X, I subscribe to a number of these e x influencers. This is another one right here. They don't have a subscription. But lots of great content. My feed is legitimately like, just nothing but AI content. It's what it is. I've tailored my ex algorithm to just be aI content. So if I scroll on social media, it's just nothing but ai, ai ai ai or marketing stuff, or comedy, a lot of comedy. I like this guy too. I think he's pretty cool. So um, all right, who has questions? This is our VIP q&a session. Who's got questions for me? You moved from chat? GPT for them to x No, no, no, that's not it.

[202:37] Michelle Plucinsky: Alright, explained, so I'm using chat DBT. Should I get into x? Like why? What's also

[203:50] Speaker 1: no not yet grok is not at its at its like, it's so I know how to use grok really well. It's terrible if you don't know what I know. So I would not recommend most people use it. I'll let you know when. What I would recommend though, is a Gemini advanced. And clawed three GPT four and copilot on Bing are the exact same thing. They're identical to each other. So but you can get access to the copilot for free as far as that goes. If you want to spend just one price and get access to all the best API's. How many y'all want to know what that is, you just want one place to spend your money and get access to it. And here's the thing, it's limited in how much of it you can use is the problem. Okay, it's called polka.com. So polka.com is one of the board members of open AI, runs polka.com. And so they give you access to all these different AI algorithms look at all these. You just click one, whichever one you want to use. And then you can run through the gambit of it and see what different outputs that it gives you. So that's been one of my methods that I've been using, it's a bit more advanced than for the most of you need. Okay. So like if you want to if you want to like dive deep down the rabbit hole of AI hoe.com is the best bang for your buck because it's only it's only 20 bucks a month. So they give you these things called compute points, you get 1 million compute points a month and then you can ask different questions of these various API's or you can create a tailor tuned bot as well. So you can make a bot that acts in a certain way that you want it to act and I can show you how to create these bots and stuff like that to really quickly. Alright but for the for most of y'all just chat GPT is what is what you need GPT for though, you want to you want to at least pay for GPT four right here 20 bucks a month. If you want access to GPT four and all these other ones poe.com is also 20 bucks a month. It's The GPT for stuff is not as good as chat GBT, though. So me personally, I pay for Gemini grock quad, three Opus and Poe and my, my budget for AI tools is like 200 a month because I just pay for all of these. And I just, I use them all and like this crazy like, I do a little bit over here a little bit over here a little. Y'all don't have to do that, because it'll make you go crazy. If you haven't been doing it as long as I am. Just focus on chat GPT.

[247:12] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, let me ask you this. So if I use chat GPT and I'm using for and it's mostly for copy, is it going to start to recognize because sometimes it gives me a copy. And it's like, Alright, can you stop with the rainbows and butterflies? Like, if I tell it to redo it, as I tell

[251:06] Speaker 1: it don't create emojis with this copy, rewrite this without emojis? Yeah,

[252:16] Michelle Plucinsky: and just even some of the words are bad. So can you will it train after a while to recognize?

[255:12] Speaker 0: No.

[255:48] Speaker 1: All right. It says that you have to kind of like I don't know, you have to be up to remind it. So that's, that's one of the things that I tell people with AI. There's certain behaviors that you would never tolerate with human beings that we have to tolerate with AI, one of them is reminding it something you've already told it. Right? If a person did that, you would just like, stop talking to them. The problem is AI is not a person, it's a computer. And it forgets because it has limited memory. So that's one of those problems that they're trying to solve, because here's what ends up happening. To increase the amount of memory the amount of computing power needed is exponential, the more that it increases, and so it's limited as far as that goes. They are increasing the memory somewhat. If you do the chat and one of the same threads, it's fine. But it's really about this prompting it well. It's about communicating with the AI well. Okay, I did something here the other day, can you all see the GPT for screen. So I did this yesterday. Just for fun. I went to this Mexican restaurant and I took pictures. There's me right there.

[277:48] Speaker 1: I took pictures of the decor on the wall. I took pictures of the staff right here. And then I told GPT turn this into an entire marketing campaign for the restaurant.

[282:25] Speaker 1: From the photos, here's the culture, pictures and images to create entire flyer spread. So here's what it did. It created me a detailed campaign about how it would do this. That's not what I asked it to do. So then I gave it four more photos.

[288:33] Speaker 0: There's me the restaurant. These guys thought I was really weird.

[290:00] Speaker 1: Same Oh, those are the same photos. It's funny. Thank you for providing additional images, let's continue building. And then I took a photo of the actual restaurant itself right there. Okay. Here's the restaurant you can make it into and I was just here with one of my buddies, we were near we were near our church, which is on the complete opposite side of town. And he was like, let's go get some food. And so I just took this photo is like here's the restaurant can make an entire marketing campaign flyer. I can outline a vibrant marketing campaign for Marriott Tuesday Jalisco Mexican restaurant. So it's reading the images, and then my prompts. Okay. And then this is what I asked it because obviously, there's no pictures here that it's not doing when I asked

[302:43] Speaker 0: how many y'all would give up at this point.

[303:40] Speaker 1: So you got to get specific about what what what it wants, generate a graphic of this. Finally, just straight out said it. And look what it made me. The AI generated that off of the photos that I sent it. And what I asked it to do. And what I could do is I could send this to a designer, a professional designer, and tell them to maybe duplicate this and modify it and you'd have a full campaign as far as that goes. How many of you all struggle with your graphics design? Can you make a graphic for a free webinar about AI marketing based on the above style?

[315:15] Speaker 0: Simple, easy.

[317:03] Speaker 1: It wasn't ready for that is the problem. So this is where the AI so I had to think a little bit because I asked it. I was doing something about Restaurant Marketing and I pivoted it and whenever you do that, this is one of the things that I do With API, as I'll go to, like left field with from one topic to another, and sometimes it struggles to, like, maintain that focus. But let's see what it does here. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this, and I'm going to tell it to combine that as well. So it's creating this image, it's creating this graphic

[328:24] Speaker 0: there we go.

[329:03] Speaker 1: Can you turn turn turn this into a flyer graphic for a Facebook ad that has the title, text, images and style on the left, and the photo of the guy who's teaching on the right. Here's a picture of the guy and our, our mock up, but the mock up, sucks, make it better. So the mock up that we're gonna give it as this, we're gonna give it our photo from this event right here, offer Launchpad photo. And I didn't even spell it, right. But it's going to understand what I'm asking, Okay. And this solves a lot of your marketing problems right here, being able to kind of do stuff like this, to create your graphics and your marketing, if there's a certain style that you like, that you would like to create a marketing campaign around, take a photo of it with your phone. This is a behavior that I want to encourage and you start taking random pictures on your phone of marketing inspiration from anywhere. So I get a lot of my marketing inspiration for our group and my marketing from Mexican restaurants. I literally try to model Mexican restaurants for how I market everything that I do. Because it's fun, it's exciting. It's vibrant, it's the vibe that I'm looking for. And there's so many different colors. And it's, it's there's it's about family and community and things like that. Okay, that's getting better. That's better. But can you really do this design with the text on the left and the photo on the right and make it a lot closer to this? Again, it didn't do what I wanted. So I'm telling you to do the same thing again. This is a strategy when it comes to AI that can really help you something went wrong. Yeah. Because I gave it an AI aneurysm. My bad. If you have any family members that have had aneurysms, I'm sorry, they suck. I know a lot of people that have passed away from aneurysm so I apologize. Not trying to show a lack of empathy they, but the AI basically was like, Hey, I can't I can't help you. And that happens sometimes. Is any of this helping you guys when it comes to making your graphics

[372:04] Speaker 1: because then what you can do is you can take these graphics and you can either have a designer in the Philippines, you can find somebody over online jobs up pH for $3 an hour. Somebody that knows how to use Canva even you know a Canva designer, here you go $3.79 An hour Canva marketing wizard, seven bucks an hour for $4 An hour $5 An hour. Okay.

[379:51] Speaker 0: Sarah looks pretty good.

[380:59] Speaker 1: She got some testimonies. Cool. Look at this. We even got her her Oh, wait, no, this is Oh no, this is testimonies of the site because they're trying to get you to sign up for it. Generally when you log in they'll that they send you their portfolio that's what you're looking for is their portfolio. Yeah, background checks and all this. i This is where I get everybody that I work with that does a lot of my marketing is over in the Philippines on here or you can go to fiverr as another site for like one off stuff. And so what I would do is you go to Fiverr and you take this graphic from chat GPT right here

[391:39] Speaker 0: you send them your photo and tell them to create something similar for 10 bucks. How many y'all could do that?

[396:10] Speaker 1: How many y'all are afraid to hire somebody on Fiverr from overseas and send them this design and tell them to put your face on it for 10 bucks it's not it's not hard. You can literally like can't mess that one up. Because the mock up was generated with the AI right here. Does that make sense? Okay, so a lot of people, what's up?

[401:39] Michelle Plucinsky: I was gonna say do you use up works? It's just a debt. I

[402:19] Speaker 1: mean, it's the same work is cool. Yeah, but I find it to be overpriced.

[403:20] Speaker 0: Okay. As far as once you get, that's fine. That's why I'm asking.

[404:41] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's a bit overpriced the quality that you can get from doing this method online jobs.ph, I have found has better quality people than Upwork. So if I took this into Canva, right here, I could quickly take this photo of me right here. Tell it to let's see, edit photo background remover. Great, awesome. Look at that. And then to end in two steps with Canva. You could get like a decent mock up of a graphic for a live event or things like that. You can pull in a photo of you. Really, whatever you want to do. Oops, you got to align that and you got to click that. There we go. Okay. And then data that remember Matt? Okay, then I would probably like replace some of this text with some like actual text. So I'm what I might do is I might take a shape right here.

[425:30] Speaker 0: Use this color right here. That's not the color I wanted. Not giving us the color. Interesting. Interesting.

[430:29] Speaker 1: My Oh, wait, there we go. My wife is really good at using Canva. I am. I am not? Sure. If some of y'all probably know how to use Canva better than me can figure that out anyways, it's annoying

[434:52] Speaker 0: that this is happening. I don't make my graphics my wife does.

[437:32] Speaker 0: Why is that not working? That's super annoying, right?

[439:03] Speaker 1: Either way, what I would do is I would like cover up the text. And then I would just use a new like text block on there. And you can type in some new text or that goes, Okay, so for most of you for your offers, you need to have a graphic of some kind to run ads with and your landing page. So for here, like for instance, we ran this offer right here, this is a graphic that was made in Canva. This is a graphic that was made in Canva. Then we have our sales copy right here. Okay. So our sales copy is right here. We got photos, you can use stock photos, you can generate those with AI as well. You can write this sales copy. You don't need testimonies. How many y'all think you need Testimonies for this to work? You do not need testimonies. We did a test in my mom's business where we marketed everything without any testimonies.

[454:14] Speaker 0: time we see what questions have been coming in.

[456:00] Speaker 1: If you want to raise your hand and come up, raise your hand and like the window like on the on the participant thing over there. Have you used co pilot? How do you feel about creating GPT is for copywriting. I think it's great to create GPT is as far as that goes? How often do I update my GPT guide? I haven't updated it recently very much at all. Um, what I want to teach you how to do Judy, is I don't want to teach you just to copy and paste what I'm doing with the GPT guide. I want to teach you how to actually use the AI the right way to get the results yourself so that you don't need me to tell you what to do. How many of y'all just want me to tell you what to do and then your business succeeds. How many y'all would just rather I just build your business for you. And you just hire me to build this all for you and you're not to do it. You can do that as $20,000 a month starting as far as that goes. So who has $20,000 a month that wants that service today? I will I'll totally take you on as a client. As far as that goes. I I have one opening that opened up for that this past week. Because I lost a $20,000 client this week so it sucks to lose a $20,000 month client But what they're saying is they're just not making enough money to be able to pay the feet. And I know what they need to do to change. But they're they want to figure it out on their own. They said, so is poll where people are building their site specific but no, it's not. I'm not super familiar about the site specific bought deal stuff. I've not dove into that very much. So I know there's some there's some tools over on Code Canyon. Are you familiar with Code Canyon? Code?

[490:07] Speaker 5: Dropped that question in there, because a lady I'm working with she had somebody build one for her website. And it just, I think she got them off. Fiverr.

[492:14] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, I wouldn't hire someone on Fiverr. for that.

[493:06] Speaker 5: I think she'd been working with this guy for about five years, that she'd been working with him for five years. Yeah, she's got a good relationship with the dude.

[495:00] Speaker 1: Just typing AI out. You could build your own AI chat bot app right here with a template that you could download for 21 bucks.

[497:36] Speaker 5: Yeah, thank you actually put it like a, she used to have a little dog named Roxy. So it's her Roxy. But I mean, you can ask me questions. And it just

[500:23] Speaker 1: this is where we just look up, look this up. So let's see. intercom.com has some these little AI chat bots right here. intercom.com, conversational question routing, things like that. They're pretty pricey. Who was the other company that said that they're doing this, I forget, there was another company that just popped on the scene. And they said, they're pivoting their whole model towards that

[507:46] Speaker 1: it's hit or miss for a lot of this stuff. That's why it's not like you don't find a lot of details like for like good ones that are out there. And I don't have any that I like necessarily that I would recommend. And there's a lot of different versions of this idea that's out there. So that can become a real distraction to for people that are getting started to try to create an AI chatbot when you don't even have an email list. How many y'all need an email list?

[516:26] Speaker 5: Need a bigger one?

[516:56] Speaker 1: I think everybody needs a bigger email list. And that's what we're really talking about here today. That's what the entire focus of these three days is. How do you grow a bigger email list? Why isn't your email list bigger? That's a question I have for everybody who's here.

[520:42] Speaker 5: I would say just based off your lab today. I'm not going like, right now I'm doing some work with this lady helping her do some stuff. But all my stuff, getting my book out there and building my own personal list is I know, I need to step out into the marketplace and do exactly what you did today in a sense of triggering the wrong people to go away and the right people to come in. So I mean, I know I need to make that polarizing content and put it out there.

[527:54] Speaker 0: Yeah. So here's the thing with that.

[529:36] Speaker 1: I'm not necessarily trying to trigger people I used to, now I just get into a flow state. And I just talk.

[533:07] Speaker 1: And I figured out the right kind of frequency to tap into with the audience that I'm talking to. And then I just flow and what happens is naturally out of that, it will repel and attract the right people. So instead of me trying to script it out, or oh, this attracts people, this doesn't, I figured out what's the resonant frequency of the client that I'm looking for. Which is why I love Michelle, that I got to spend an hour and 40 minutes with the whole group today. Because I was able to tune myself into where the group was at before I came into the main call.

[541:40] Speaker 0: Where our coaching group is at. So

[542:55] Speaker 1: Jason says not making a priority. Also no real lead magnets. I know you favor live events. But what other lead magnets do you like Jason? Let's talk about this

[546:37] Speaker 0: What's up? What's going on here? Yeah.

[547:57] Speaker 1: I have a number of lead magnets that I do like the problem is, is that any lead magnet other than a live event is a lot harder to close sales with. So you got to work like 1015 times harder and it's a lot harder to make a profit on it's possible it's not impossible, but it's just a lot harder. A lot more work

[555:45] Speaker 0: to generate, so what's up I can't hear you

[558:12] Speaker 1: Looks like something's going on with his microphone. Anyways, here's my take on that. So we have a lead magnet that we that we're doing with my mom and stuff like It does. That's a we did a couple ebooks and stuff like that. The ebooks, I've tested a few of these in ebook, straight to an offer very hard to get people to buy anything from you. Because you have to still nurture that trust with them. And the ebook has to be written in a way that nurtures that trust. Now, you can use YouTube content, you can email people video content, you can email people, you can put stuff on Tik Tok, or Instagram or YouTube reels or things like that. That served people to nurture that trusting relationship. But how many of y'all hate doing video and you don't want to put yourself on video? Okay, seems like most of the people that are here that are following me today are okay with being on video. So that's good. Awesome. I used to attract a lot of people that hated being on video, I've pivoted all of my marketing to be able to make sure that none of those people necessarily show up. And that's one of the things that I want to look for if somebody because I saw so about two years ago, when I was creating offers for this business and I have right now. This is very important for you to guys to understand.

[582:37] Speaker 1: I was teaching the same stuff I'm teaching right now. We were using a tool called Jasper AI, it was not as good as the stuff that we have now. But I was attracting people that didn't want to be on the internet, didn't want to use the internet, didn't want to spend any money, didn't want to make content didn't want to be on video. And they just wanted me to run a business for them with a copy and paste content in a text that they could use to to be able to then sit down and have coffee with people in their local area at their churches. And to teach them how to build relationships with people and network inside of their church to get coaching clients. That was like 80% of the people I was attracting with my Facebook ads. They wanted me to teach a whole process about networking inside of their church. And then I'm like, I don't do that. I'm not a churchy guy, and I and I don't. And what I teach is all about social media. And they're like, oh, social media is the devil. Because Zuckerberg is trafficking children. And it's this terrible thing that's going on. And we can't ever be on social media. And we're partnering with demons if we do that. And so then, so then I got people 80% of my audience is telling me that I'm partnering with demons by even like, existing. You know, I mean, so something was off there when it comes to the marketing. When it comes to who I was attracting, the ads were converting I was getting leads for like $5 a lead. But then all these people that were signing up, they wanted me to teach something that I don't even teach. Have y'all have any of y'all ever experienced that where you're like, you do a coaching call with somebody and like they wanted something out of left field way different than what you actually do. And then you either got to decide, do I pivot my whole business towards what they want? Because they're gonna spend so much money with me? Or do I? Or do I tell them with boundaries? Hey, I don't do that. You want to know what happens when you tell? a multimillionaire? I don't do that.

[619:35] Speaker 1: Don't think you want to know what happens? Do you want to know what happens when you tell a multimillionaire? Not just I won't do that. But I refuse to I could but I won't for you.

[623:41] Speaker 0: You know what happens

[624:24] Speaker 1: when you tell somebody who has unlimited finances, that their money is worthless to you? And they throw $100,000 at you to work with them? And you say no, there's not even a dime you could pay. They try to ruin and destroy your life as what happens. Because the fact that you rejected them speaks to a core wound that they have. And they will demonize you as the largest worst abusive person they've ever met. It's happened to me multiple times. Where I met somebody, a number of people that were very controlling multimillionaires that nobody they were used to people never say no to them. And one of the fastest little litmus tests that I have to know who to not ever work with in business is when somebody can't respect my boundaries. That when I say no, I can't do that and they get that verbally abusive? How many of y'all think that I that I did something wrong that invited that verbal abuse from them? Is why that happened. And that I maybe deserved it because I was a punk idiot.

[645:48] Speaker 1: Did y'all hear the story that I told about the about the wages? I tell that on here? Was that on the other one about the about the police that were? No, that was my other thing. That was our other call. Yeah, what I was talking about. So I used to be that punk idiot, or I would like I would find cops and I would egg them on and I'll try to get them to arrest me. I got arrested three times for false arrest for things I didn't do. Because the cops wanted to prove that they were more powerful than me. I got them expunged every single time in court, defended myself in court. Because there was no basis for it. But it was in a small town and this officer, I told him, I was like, here's the thing, I'm not doing anything wrong, and you have no power to arrest me. And he's like, You want to bet and he put my hands behind my back. And the rest of me is like you can take care of in court. They'll drop it, but Shut the hell up. I can do whatever the hell I want. Because I'm police here. I'm the law. And so like that was my experience with police. Getting arrested, I got arrested four times in one year.

[662:33] Speaker 1: And how many of y'all don't trust me anymore? Because I'm telling you that. Once a criminal always a criminal, right. Maybe I've just gotten better at hiding. What they arrested me for. Now I got arrested. These were alcohol related issues. I was I used to drink a lot I used to drink and drive. And I used to hang out with some nefarious people hanging out a lot of nightclubs and stuff like that. And I used to DJ, that's what I did. And I DJ and then you get free alcohol when you DJ and then you drive home and all this. And anyways, I got to the point where I was like, I wouldn't drink. I didn't drink. I had no alcohol on me. I had nothing. got pulled over had a camera on to record it. And I said, I'm filming you. I dare you to arrest me. And he took my camera, threw it on the ground, broke my phone and arrested me and said Have fun in court, you idiot.

[680:17] Speaker 1: And that was I mean again, I got that charge expunged. He was some like evading arrest thing he was trying to get me on trying to say I was resisting arrest as far as it goes. And I was as calm as I'm talking to you guys right now maybe I'm a little bit amped up. But you know. And here's the thing, I'm so saddened by the fact that if I was a different skin color, I might have been dead.

[687:49] Speaker 0: For that behavior.

[689:02] Speaker 1: My did nothing wrong. But I used to be the punk teenage kid, not necessarily a teenager, 21 year old 23 year old who would run my mouth and say whatever I felt like

[694:36] Speaker 0: just to piss people off.

[695:18] Speaker 1: And I learned and I've had to learn because in business, you can't do this. To not do that. What's funny is people seem to still think that I just say stuff to in, like, get people mad at me to repel them away from me. No, it's by design based on two things what is going to make me the most amount of money in my business. I mentioned that online on Saturday. The only reason why I do events like this is to figure out how to make the most amount of money in my business as far as that goes. Okay. So what you have to do is you have to grow your email list but you got to make sure that it's the right people, not people that you gotta prove yourself to that don't trust you right away. Automatically because of who I hung out with this police officer didn't trust me. And I didn't even I was so oblivious because I was homeschooled. I was never around anybody. And I'll tell you this was the downfall of being homeschooled. As my as my I was really I wasn't just homeschooled. I was never allowed to have friends growing up. I was not allowed to have any friends. My mom said that they were too bad of an influence on me to be able to have any friends. So I had to only listen to classical music. Play video games, my friends were basically inside of video games. And not even online games. It was like,

[717:45] Speaker 0: like, like,

[718:24] Speaker 1: like I literally like thought I was a part of the NHL team because that's where I had an outlet in this game. Right here as a kid, okay? That's not necessarily the best approach at raising kids again, some of y'all might disagree with me, but I don't think that locking your children up and not being able to have friends is necessarily healthy. My mom's biggest concern that I was gonna get a girl pregnant. That's what she always told me. You're gonna get a girl pregnant. That's why you can Oh, friends.

[726:54] Speaker 1: Okay, that didn't happen while till I got married. But so all that to say, I had terrible social skills.

[730:30] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, I go on VR, I go into this VR Comedy Club, and I do comedy bit with the kids on there.

[733:06] Speaker 0: It's fun. It's great.

[734:30] Speaker 1: They're like 1415 As far as that goes, if they're and I can tell they're like really young, I'll usually mute them or block them. So I don't want to like be interacting with like somebody's like two year old. I don't if their parenting decisions was to put them in a VR headset. That's not my something I want to engage with Gorilla tag, I need to play gorilla tag. You're right. There we go. Now I like I like the ping pong game, the ping pong one. So my favorites

[741:55] Speaker 0: on the on the medic quest, right here. So

[744:14] Speaker 1: you have to make sure that you attract the right people to you in your business. Because otherwise your ads cost is going to be astronomical. It's gonna cost you way too much to even run a business. If you don't have the right people in front of you, that are not one of two things. Number one, they need to be buyers. They need to be people that are going to spend money with you. Right? How do you know if somebody is a buyer? Well, you don't you don't actually know that. But you can do pattern recognition and you can figure out what do all the buyers in your business have in common? What do they want? What do they desire? And then you create things based around what they want. So you create How many of y'all have heard the word honeypot? Note A honeypot is

[755:48] Speaker 0: what about a sticky trap? Okay, that attracts flies.

[757:44] Speaker 1: So you want to create a sticky trap for people's email addresses. That's why it's called a lead magnet. It's a nice way of saying it magnetizes people that basically give them their username and information, name and email address. Here's the problem. Most people give you a fake name and email address. So I have 160 people registered for this event here today. Okay. And this is probably one of the best marketing campaigns I've ever done. This month, it was the best numbers by the metrics as far as costs of ads to result. We spent the lowest amount on ads and had the highest amount of signups 162 people signed up, we got 41 people that are in the VIP. 41 people bought the VIP upgrade. Excluding me and another is only 16 of those 41 people that are on here live right now. So why is it that less than half of the people that sign up for the VIP aren't here? Well, the answer is simple because I suck. That's why. And because they have no idea that they have no desire to listen to me. Because it's not important enough for them to spend time with me because they can't stay in my energy. And because they would rather do other things. And that's the thing that you got to understand. Well, here's the thing, though, they could take time off, or they could listen somewhere else. But they're not. So really what it means is that I agree justly have sucked at demonstrating my value to people is what it goes. Now. If they do watch the recording to the VIP. That's great. And maybe they do Canada's like pissed. Are you are you upset? I have no empathy for people with jobs can What an asshole like me, right? Can you want to tell me how you really feel?

[789:20] Speaker 0: Hello, what's up?

[789:47] Speaker 2: Hey, what's up?

[790:09] Speaker 1: Hey, yeah, people dude, people that work a job. It's a freakin excuse, bro.

[791:49] Speaker 2: Yeah, I was just thinking, you know, the other day to myself? What reason would people not be able to show up to 12pm or two o'clock? And I'm like, the reality is if somebody you know, like me, I'm trying to work in this space full time. So I don't work for someone else at this time. But I can see most of the people don't have that luxury. That's why I would think people you know, have to see the

[796:39] Speaker 1: real Yeah, I can see that. So yeah, so there are people that might have a job and they'll watch the recording, right? Yeah, but there's 41 people that bought the VIP and based on the statistics that I can see what the numbers are every time I do this.

[801:27] Speaker 1: Like maybe two or three people actually go watch the recording. So the reason why somebody would buy the VIP not watch the recording and not attend live, let's let's make it

[805:25] Speaker 1: big picture here, right? Is because I stink at what I do. And I need to do better. And so why are you guys listening to somebody that stinks? So what they do? I don't know why? Well,

[808:22] Speaker 2: I know why. Why? Because I know you don't stink at what you do. And I know

[809:27] Speaker 1: you know that I could do better. That's the thing. Because then you got to look at the numbers, you got to look at the facts. If it feels right, feelings don't matter here. The truth is in the numbers, 41 people sign up for the VIP. And maybe we got 16 that are here, maybe two or three, you're gonna watch the recording. So that means half the people who paid me 17 bucks wasted their money. They wasted they're not giving them a refund.

[817:55] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, Jeremiah, I would say people are hopeful. Like, I know, when I've done something like this, it's like, Man, I want to do that. I'm gonna go back best intentions to go back and life just gets in the way. You know,

[821:05] Speaker 0: but that's an excuse.

[822:01] Michelle Plucinsky: That's an excuse, though. I mean, I'm

[822:30] Speaker 1: willing to. Is it though? Because here's the thing, if I told you that if you showed up for one hour to listen to me, and I was gonna give you a million dollars guaranteed with a signed contract, would you figure out how to be there? Yeah. So there you go. So what it is, is that I'm I'm giving strategies that can make people a million dollars, but they don't actually believe or want them is what it is, they don't believe that what I'm teaching is actually going to do what I say it's going to do. So I So what my job is, is this whenever I'm creating an offer, my job is to build trust in people around the fact that I can actually deliver on what I say I'm gonna deliver, right? But the fact of the matter is this, I can't control other people. Now, there are tactics that I could use to manipulate people. A lot of cult leaders use these tactics, to get into the minds of people and to really like, twist their mind around or control them and to make them do what I want. As far as that goes. That's not something that I will ever do is something that I've made a commitment to never do with people. Because I've had it done to me before. I've had that type of behavior done to me before. Where people take and and again, Samuel, you might disagree with me on this one. This might be where we kind of part ways here. I think that it's fucking abusive to do that to people. Samuel might think it's the most ethical thing to do. What do you think?

[847:21] Speaker 0: No, listen, no, I want to know what you think about it.

[848:34] Speaker 5: I mean, I've totally missed the first part of that. What was the first part of that I'm going to disagree with that,

[850:48] Speaker 1: taking certain things into people's minds and twisting them in such a way that you can control their behavior, to get them to do what you want faster, so that they obey you better. I think that's abuse. While

[853:37] Speaker 5: I'm in abuse, it is. Well, I mean, I think there's a there's a stark difference between seducing someone to inspire them versus intentionally manipulating someone against their will like, that's two totally different things. Oh, okay. Well, so

[857:56] Speaker 1: here's the thing, though, is, that's probably where the disconnect is then in our conversation here. Because when you're running a Facebook ad, on an algorithm, people don't know what you're actually doing on them, it's against their will most of the time to get them to take action with you. So that makes sense. Yeah, a webinar like this. People don't know if you're using NLP tactics, or you're using certain language patterns to get people to take action and to buy from you.

[866:39] Speaker 5: Well, like I use, like any PQ questions, you know, a lot of times you know, in a concern tone, but

[868:03] Speaker 1: what if somebody doesn't know any PQ questions, and you're using that on them, to control them to do what you want to extract as much money from them as possible?

[870:50] Speaker 5: Well, again, it comes back down to like, why are you doing it? Like are you doing? Are you doing it? Are there better? Good. Are you doing it the hormone? I mean, that's really

[873:19] Speaker 1: do you think that there's a time and place to do that if it's further good?

[875:11] Speaker 5: If it's the way I've been taught to do it absolutely is the time and place to do it, but it's not it's never manipulative. They may perceive it as being manipulated, but it's not really manipulation. manipulation. Yeah.

[878:12] Speaker 1: So again, that's and that's where that's where I we were probably on the same page on a lot of this But that's where I draw the line is I think that there comes a point where you where you got to give people a choice to say, hey, I don't want what's best for me and actually discourage their bad behavior.

[884:37] Speaker 5: That might be where, where I'm trying to, that's why I'm trying to like wrap my head around, like what you're talking about here is like, why would I want to encourage someone's bad behavior? When it's not in their best interest? If they're asking me

[888:17] Speaker 1: for the best interest, though? It could be in their best interest though. It

[889:37] Speaker 5: could be in their best interest. But I mean, it's different. Like if they're asking me for it, which is different a Facebook ad, they're not asking for the Facebook ad. It's just showing up in front of them. Right? Yeah, but it says you're interrupting. Yeah, but

[892:32] Speaker 1: if you know what, if you know how to use the AI the right way, you can show the ad and script it in the perfect way that it will tap right into their mind to get them to take action with you to get them to sign up and your lead cost comes down with the right person to do that.

[898:14] Speaker 5: Then do you feel like that's theirs? That the manipulating part you're talking about right there?

[899:13] Speaker 1: Oh, no. That's the part that I refuse to do, even though I know how to do it. I gotcha. I gotcha. And so but some people would feel because I know how to do this. I can bring my leads cost way down to do this.

[902:08] Speaker 5: I mean, that sounds like a here's how to use an AI for like a Jedi mind trick. Well,

[903:29] Speaker 1: that's exactly what I'm teaching how to do here for the next three days. Okay, well, this should be interesting, then. Because because social media is playing a Jedi mind trick on everybody. They think that they have control when the algorithm is an AI bot that is actually controlling their attention.

[908:00] Speaker 5: Hmm. I don't know how much of their actual intention that is actually controlling it might be poking them in a direction, but I don't know that it can make them do something,

[910:48] Speaker 1: then that then then that right, there is the limiting belief that I need to that I need to frame and help people understand. Because what I know from my experience, and 21 years, and this is the complete opposite of what you just said, and that's why I'm here, man, so I can better I've learned something. But here's the thing. I don't think there's anything that I could actually say that's going to convince you of that here this week.

[916:06] Speaker 5: Well, I don't even know that it's that it's just, you know, wrapping my head around the frame, what you just said, you know, like what it is, is there

[917:36] Speaker 1: are ways and here's our No, you want to know how I would wrap up my business. If I wanted to be much more manipulative with people. I would only focus on Christians and make it Kingdom business. That's exactly how I would do it.

[921:40] Speaker 5: And why is that? Because

[922:00] Speaker 1: it's way easier to do that when you focus on one religion. It's way easier to mind Eph people when you're just focusing on one belief system, why would you not want to extract way more money? When you say, Okay, here's your goals and vision, and you can build this kingdom. And you can be a part of this, if you just buy my course for $2,000. And I think quite frankly, it's predatory and it's disgusting.

[929:01] Speaker 5: But if you're beautiful, that

[929:22] Speaker 1: promote Kingdom business are absolutely disgusting. So

[930:28] Speaker 5: like people like Pedro, are discussing to you

[931:27] Speaker 1: some of the stuff that Pedro post I have, I don't like. And I'll say that to his face, I'd love to have a conversation with him. He won't talk to me though. In fact, Pedro's friends with some people that I ran ads for, and he tells them that he doesn't know me, but he attended the seminars that my mom and I did. So it's

[935:49] Speaker 5: Desi, through Pedro at some point. Yeah, that's awesome.

[936:49] Speaker 3: I'm actually a coach in there. But

[937:27] Speaker 1: so here's, here's what I'm going to tell you all. Here's I'm gonna tell you all. When I say this to people, the pitchforks come out at me. Yeah. And I get called a warlock. And I get called me and think of it, think of it like this, because I because here's the thing is, I do not think that it is okay. To mindfuck people for money. I 100%

[943:03] Speaker 5: agree with that. But I don't think that

[944:07] Speaker 1: this is the easiest way to do that. So you think

[944:46] Speaker 5: serving somebody in that niche, you can just you

[945:52] Speaker 1: can frame it however you want. But if you get people donating all of their assets to one company, that's what a lot of people end up doing. They end up joining churches, they donate their their house, their car, they put their will in the name of the church. And then the Church says we don't know what happened when she passed away. She just gave everything to us. But there was no manipulation involved.

[951:11] Speaker 5: Again, I know that sounds like you're talking about churches are like nonprofits and so I don't I don't want to I agree with you on that. I mean, they definitely manipulate the hell out of that space. Well,

[953:29] Speaker 1: but that's the thing. So So I have done a lot of this work with churches and nonprofits Georgia and ban offs ministry, Georgia, as a spiritual father to Pedro, I know that

[956:21] Speaker 5: yeah, there's actually a food industry here not too far from where I'm at in Georgia. I think it was called Angel Food ministries or something like that. And that dude was siphoning off millions maybe went to prison twice. Yeah, and that got back out. Hey, did it again, you know, but he was breaking the law. He was not doing right by what he should have been doing. Yeah.

[962:12] Speaker 3: I just wanted to say, you, you are touching on something that's very important, because there's so many people in, in the church itself that because I ministered to women, you know, over the years before I ever got into this online, you know, frenzy that our victim minded and they need, they're looking for something. And so they, they're hungry, and so they put their money, they put their money, but they're not getting the answer. And so I've invested over 30k, and many I've been to 500 plus challenges, I get 500,000 emails a day, and I get caught, I even unsubscribed from somebody and I get caught in their ad without realizing again. And I'm like, How did I do this? And there is something the language patterns. Yeah, and we need to remember, like, no matter what you religion, you are a belief, you know, you need to remember that you were you are made specifically to impact the world in your unique way. And it's really who you are, that is coming to the table. So when when all this frenzy comes at you, you got to keep clear. This is what I'm called to this is what my talents abilities, at my experience in life and authority I'm going to come in and I'm going to bring impact, whether that's on a slip of paper, or that's in masses of stuff and and I think that's what you're trying to say Jeremiah's like, let's keep it true and simple and not true.

[988:40] Speaker 1: And not just about how to make the most amount of money. Yeah, yeah. I think this is a great lineup of people. I think that their intentions are great. And honestly, I think that they're incredible. They don't think the same about me. I know that for a fact because I've had conversations with them. Because I try to teach this and then it gets misinterpreted. Okay. Keith Ferrante I had a good call with him the other day, and he and he was I had a good good talk with him. But um, all that to say, this can be used for manipulation, this can be used to hurt people. Oh, yeah, there are there are ways to be able to do that. Even if we say it's for the greater good. Even if we say oh, we're doing it to expand our territory, we're doing it to fund a ministry, we're doing it to help other people. If if if the mission becomes more important than people having choice and freewill, I won't do it. I would rather give people that choice and free will to stay in their sin, to stay a drug addict and to not become codependent and to help them. And I would rather actually keep doing that. And I think that that is actually how the Kingdom actually works. I told my pastor the other day, I said, What would you do if all the new age and the strippers and the people that don't believe what you believe that just became your whole church congregation? You know, and then and then and then they started getting into leadership into your church to how would you do that? And my pastor was like, it's great. I think it's incredible.

[1015:28] Speaker 5: Like I need to amp up my training program.

[1016:33] Speaker 1: So speed, and these are conversations that I had with people like Georgie and like Rick Pino, like the church that Daniel McCollum is at right now. It's in Round Rock. It's right. It's right near my house. We used to go there. And and. And I remember and I think that there's a time and place I love what Dan o teaches on a lot of this type of stuff. But like, I want to circle back to what we're talking about here. I don't want to debate the whole kingdom business thing, because it's a touchy subject, and I get it. But what I just want to say is I want to make sure that we're operating in integrity with these tactics that I'm teaching you. Because I know people that have used these exact tactics to steal money from people. This guy did that. And yet I teach people to read this book as one of the best books on how to do ethical sales. Why it was in fact, I would rather you read this book than follow a lot of the kingdom business people that are out there. You

[1034:00] Speaker 5: know, it's interesting you say that about The Wolf of Wall Street because what Jordan did was followed specific principles that work whether your kingdom or not, doesn't matter principles gonna work. Yeah. And he just used it in a bad way at first. You know, what

[1037:58] Speaker 1: you have to figure out as you have to figure out how to tell the story better of your prospect of what they're looking for. And you have to be able to trigger different types of emotions. Happiness, sadness, anger, rage, joy,

[1043:12] Speaker 0: enthusiasm.

[1043:54] Speaker 1: And what that does do is that ends up hooking people in longer to stay engaged with you, when it comes to your webinars, your content, things like this. That's what that that is something that I do do as a framework. And that's what I teach a lot of the clients in my accelerator, as far as that goes, is that you want to create a swirl and a storm of different emotions. Because what it does is this does, it does one thing, it creates an environment and atmosphere and a presence where people, the only logical choice for them to make is either one of two things, get the heck out of here, and never engage again, which is something I tried to encourage people to do. I think that if you're using these tactics, you need to learn how to repel people well, because they're so good at hooking people in. So what you need to do is you need to give people an out. Does that make sense? So like, my goal would be this, this is the best version of of how I would, it's how I run my coaching program. And how I would encourage definitely, if you're a spiritual coach to do things that would prevent you from becoming a cult leader, is that you give people an unlimited money back guarantee, you You tell them that you will let them leave at any time, you don't lock them in to any sort of restrictive stuff. If you do have a contract with them, you give them a trial period. And you use your best judgment, if it's not working out, and it's not a good fit, you release them. And you tell them that it's better for them to not be in your space and to be in it. And you don't try to become codependent with them to control their behavior because you're not operating out of a Messiah Complex of needing to save everybody. Everybody confuses this whole idea of like, Christ energy, and then they take on this whole thing of I'm the Savior and the Messiah for everybody. I had I had somebody telling me that they're like, Well, Jesus left the 99 for the one and so should you and I'm like, No, he did that. That's not my job. My job is to teach rich people how to get richer with Facebook ads. You know, and I literally had a guide, an online coach the other day, he says, Well, that's the most demonic thing you could do. You sound no better than the Wu Tang Clan sing and cash rules everything around me. And I said, that sounds like my theme song. Cash rules everything around me. Dolla dolla bill, y'all. Right? Because that's the thing. That's the most important thing to me in any interaction that I do on the internet. And until people get that their Facebook ads won't work. Impact cannot be your number one priority.

[1088:41] Speaker 5: I was about to say you said that yesterday. Right? Yeah.

[1090:30] Speaker 1: Now I have a book on my shelf here. I don't have it, I got rid of it. I gave it away. I gave it away. It's okay. I have a friend of mine. I have a friend of mine. He wrote a book all about this. And I've been texting him every single week on this. And some of y'all might know his name, I'm not going to say his name, because

[1098:16] Speaker 0: there's a lot of

[1098:53] Speaker 1: differing opinions about him in various circles.

[1100:04] Speaker 0: He's not very

[1100:45] Speaker 1: liked or agreed with. And he's been cast out of a lot of different circles. He got kicked out of being a coach for 100x. He's a he's a close friend of mine that I work with. And I love. And he teaches a lot about what I just talked about. And what I love is this, I asked him about this because he teaches a message that's very different. It's very Christian based.

[1109:01] Speaker 0: And he said, here's the thing.

[1109:47] Speaker 1: Is that what you feel God's calling you to do? And I was like, yeah, do your wife and you feel like you're in agreement with that? Sure. Then who cares if everybody else on the internet disagrees with you? Exactly. And I think that's one of the biggest issues is canceled culture. We're so afraid of being canceled by people. We're so afraid of people taking a recording of what we said. I mean, a bunch of y'all can literally take my recording here today. And I guarantee you if you send it to Pedro, I will get sued by him. Bring it on, dude. Like, I don't care. Whatever. Maybe we could have a phone call first if you wanted to. But if Pedro would die Al feels that it's his civic duty for the kingdom to sue me Go right ahead, I won't stop. That's what I that's how I feel. I'm not afraid of lawsuits. I'm not afraid of people having a problem with me for quote, unquote, running my mouth and trying to silence me with intimidation, and threats. I won't be silent. And that's an attitude that I think that we got to take. Now there's a time and place for wisdom, there's a time and place for prudence as far as that goes, right.

[1128:07] Speaker 5: And I think there's a time and place for when you're running a Facebook ad have a clear intention to make some freaking money? Because that's the point of running the ad. Like you're not running the ad to like you said, the ad is there to advertise to make sales like money? Is not the business is the advertising part of the business? Why would you sell 500 or 5000 or $50,000? At ads? If you're not intending to? No,

[1134:17] Speaker 1: that's the thing. I can't be bribed. Because I've been I've been threatened with lawsuits, libel and slander cases, many times. None of them have ever stopped. Well, it just comes back and like, the legal system, I don't fear people threatening me with money. I don't fear being blackmailed. Yeah. And when it can't be blackmailed, you become very dangerous because you're operating within the law, but you can break a lot of the rules that a lot of people operate inside of. That's where discipline equals freedom. Like Jocko willing says, when you can discipline yourself and operate in the boundaries of what the right things to do are, you can use some pretty crazy tactics. And artificial intelligence is one of the craziest ways to do this. Because you can literally in three or four prompts completely Jedi mind trick everybody onto your email list if you wanted to. That chat GPT prompt document that I gave away today in the main session is 100%. All of the prompts that I use to create our sales pages, it's on there. It's a Google Doc that you go download how many y'all go went and grabbed that already. Okay. And I did organize it at the top of it is

[1158:31] Speaker 0: is is that

[1160:54] Speaker 1: and by the way, I'll just I will say this, if any of you feel like you need to send this video to somebody so that you can tattle on me, so they can sue me. Go ahead. I'm not afraid of that. So I'm gonna say that again. You might need to do that to just sleep at night and I get it. So there you go. Because that's the thing, like some people like they couldn't sleep at night, because they feel like oh, that's the most right thing for them to do is to like shut me up. I've had people trying to shut me up since I was a kid that nobody has been able to yet. So

[1170:22] Speaker 5: yeah, I was in Pedro's program and 2019 Till pretty much through 2020. That's

[1171:36] Speaker 1: awesome. I know. It's helped a lot of people and I think he's amazing. He,

[1172:39] Speaker 5: I mean, he's done some cool stuff. But he's also, you know, he's a moron,

[1173:39] Speaker 1: Rick Pitino really well with a lot of that stuff. So that's the other thing too. So I helped Rick a little bit. But Pedro actually mentored Rick, and I'm just claiming that I actually helped Rick with stuff. Let's be real work

[1176:47] Speaker 5: I worked with I worked as a trainer now that actually was one of the guys that training Pedro before he ever started 100x. And that's awesome. There's a deeper conversation. So I mean, I get I get where Pedro's that. You can do what Pedro wants to do. He's doing

[1180:13] Speaker 1: he's doing something different. But I don't want to I don't really like gossiping and talking about other people either without them here. I feel like I feel like it would be good for him to like actually, like, talk about this himself. I don't think he would have this conversation though with me to be honest. Because it's just a waste of his time. It's a he'd probably say it's an orphan spirit. That's what Keith garante says, so that I got an orphan spirit is why I'm feeling this way.

[1188:40] Speaker 0: That's okay.

[1189:53] Speaker 1: All right, everybody. I'm excited for tomorrow. I gotta, I gotta call it on our VIP here today. If y'all got any questions before tomorrow's session, like I said, 75% of you are not even going to be here for the VIP tomorrow. You're not even going to be on the session tomorrow. After today. It's designed that way. I've designed it that way. You're gonna probably go to sleep, you're gonna wake up with some kind of conviction that you shouldn't be listening to me and I'm okay with that. And I think that that's the best thing for you to listen to that conviction. I think that you should follow your convictions. I think you should follow what feels right for you. Okay all right so for everybody else who can and wants to learn how to Jedi mind trick people into their business with AI I'll see you tomorrow Talk soon

