VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-03-13T22:14:39.000Z
Duration: 77 min
Otter ID: aFIrx1FCsECDiUoUWwSLIhEJWrU
---

[4:42] Speaker 0: All righty Hello. Hello Hello How y'all doing in here today?

[11:35] Speaker 0: Was that y'all? Five people, we pissed everybody else off. Oh, well, no, I'm kidding. All right. Let's see, we're streaming in my accelerator group. Anybody got questions? Anybody want to chat?

[17:35] Speaker 0: Let me know. Let me send an email out to everybody apologizing real quick. And tell them that we're live. I, my customer service team bless them because they have to put up with a lot of angry people. All the time, a lot of angry people

[25:34] Speaker 0: all right.

[27:22] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello. Anybody got a question here today? Want to chat about what we talked about? Got questions about the accelerator. Want me to walk you through your ads your copy the funnel the process how to test things out how to put all the pieces together

[33:54] Speaker 0: or you guys just gonna make me talk to myself here. You know, that's one of the hardest things when it comes to you join the VIP and have a couple of questions. What's up, and sippy?

[39:08] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello. What are your questions? Kent G. Okay. Cool. All right.

[46:06] Speaker 0: Can't log, this is the VIP. What are you talking about? Can't log into it. You're in the VIP right now.

[49:45] Speaker 0: I have a customer service team that's out. And they can help you with that you can write to Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. I don't help people with customer service. I don't do my own customer service. I got a team that does that. And she's gone till next week, so she can help you. All right. Anybody got any questions? Well, VIP members receive a recording, I have to hop on a call with the tenant will miss a bit of it. Yeah. VIP members always get a recording, it gets added to the VIP login. Anybody got questions? Anybody want to chat on camera? About what we talked about? Anybody got questions about using AI about your offers?

[63:40] Speaker 0: about putting these pieces together? About the accelerator program. is the first time I've never had anybody actually have any questions.

[68:17] Speaker 1: I have a quick question.

[68:41] Speaker 0: Here's the thing. If you join the accelerator, just treat this like you're in there. I mean, just like because here's what I love, like just continue. Like we're just like, having a continuous conversation together. You know, that's what it is. It's a never ending conversation. Well, here's what I want. I want our relationship to end when you're making good money. What's up Jason?

[75:56] Speaker 1: So, I want to make sure that I understand the process. The process is supposed to be that we start with creating a sales letter and then from there, we break it down and we go ahead we have a Facebook and everything?

[82:23] Speaker 0: Pardon? I don't hear you Jason. Hear me now? Yes.

[85:11] Speaker 1: Oh god, I'm sorry. I don't know what that was about. No, I was asking you the sequence that we start with creating the sales letter first using AI.

[87:33] Speaker 0: Really generally I make the sales letter in. I make the sales letter in a Google Doc. Usually. It's all just a Google Doc. So nothing super fancy. And I just and I edit it in a Google Doc. And then I either purchase stock photos, or I use AI to make images. Or both. Combo a both.

[95:37] Speaker 1: Okay, no, but but also, after you create the sales letter. Then from the sales letter, you break it down to creating from the sales letter comes the ads. And it also from the sales letter comes the offer,

[99:49] Speaker 0: though, yeah, that's where some of the vernacular and the and the words get a little bit confusing. And I Oh, Jason, I feel for you a little bit.

[104:17] Speaker 1: Why is that?

[104:40] Speaker 0: Because people that asked me the questions that you just asked me, I've never seen them be successful with this business.

[107:11] Speaker 1: Why is that? I don't know. It's probably

[107:47] Speaker 0: because I think just the way that they that they again, this isn't a judgment of you at all. It's just so the way that you asked your question. Because I've worked with a number of people, like I said, we've had 600 people join the program. We've had hundreds leave not be a part of it not make any money with us. And almost all of the ones that asked the question that you just asked, I never see them make a dime. I don't know why. That's the problem.

[117:37] Speaker 1: That's interesting. Yeah,

[118:02] Speaker 0: I can't figure out why I'm trying to figure out why it is. I have a hunch. But honestly, I don't really feel comfortable telling you what that hunch is. Because it's honestly a really Dick asshole thing of me to say if I say it.

[122:46] Speaker 1: I'm a big boy, you can say what you need today.

[124:12] Speaker 0: I can't because it's not even legal for me to say it is the problem.

[126:05] Speaker 1: Oh, there's something about thing, you know, it's probably my opinion over the zoom or? No,

[127:20] Speaker 0: it's just like, like, so there's like licensing and stuff that I'm not allowed to say and things that I'm not allowed to talk about in business, that people sometimes offer up information to me. And they tell me themselves what the issue is. And I found that every single person that has that issue never seems to succeed with my program. So what I've been doing is I've been trying to work on fixing this. But I don't know how because I'm not qualified to actually help somebody with this type of issue succeed. It's a it's more of a, how do I put it? It's a way that so our brains are all different how they process information. And so like when you hear information, and you ask questions, the way that you structure the information. There's a way that I teach. This is what it is. And it's a personality conflict is really what it is. So the type of person that I can help the most. If they ask the questions that you've asked me, Jason, the I never see them succeed because of my personality. And so our personalities don't mesh very well. Is what it is

[149:47] Speaker 1: that I can kind of see that kind of makes sense.

[150:06] Speaker 0: Yeah. And so like I could tell you all the things to do and all of that, but like, because that's what I've done and what the unfortunate part is, is that 95% of the time because of the personality conflict, the other person just gets more frustrated with me, the longer they stay with me, and the longer they keep following me so and so it's used and almost everybody who I had very few people asked for their money back after the 30 days but all the people that have said that it was this issue is because I'm so disorganized with my content. And because I'm not so straightforward with how we teach it, and I'm not trained in collegiate level education, and teaching education, so I'm not an educator. Does that make sense?

[166:20] Speaker 1: No, it's funny that you say that, because one of the things that I do is I am actually a substitute teacher. And both my parents were actually teachers for you.

[168:34] Speaker 0: Okay. And exactly. So I'll tell you this. I have a lot of people that are teachers, they teach, and they have come from a family, and a long line of teachers. And I've seen a lot of teachers successful, but most teachers that I work with, because of my personality, because it's so irreverent, and very much opposed to traditional education. Does that make sense? So the way that I teach is very much opposite of almost everything they teach you about teaching.

[177:16] Speaker 1: Although I think we can have a whole conversation about how the problem I have with the standard paging system. Okay,

[179:39] Speaker 0: well, and maybe we're on the same page as far as that goes. And I think that's great. The problem is that I found is this is that most people that are that come from an education background, I can't seem to help them understand how to actually take action with this information? And I don't know why that is. Because there, it's a group of people that I would love to help more often than not. Does that make sense? That

[187:56] Speaker 1: makes perfect sense. Now you got my brain running around, trying to think about how to solve that problem? Because,

[189:38] Speaker 0: yeah, and how would I solve that problem. So like, one of the things that we implemented to my accelerator is, every course has a checklist attached to it. So every lesson has a checklist and a short summary of the course lesson. So that has helped. But the problem is, because of my teaching style, because I kind of go on on a tangent and like, tell stories and like, take a while, it often does not connect the dots for people of what they need to do. And I don't plan on and that's the biggest complaint, why people leave our program is because of that teaching style. And I have a number of people there, they're certified educators, and therapists, and they come from a long line of education. And they tell me that I could help a lot more people if I just stopped being myself. And maybe I'm just making excuses for my bad behavior, right? You got students that do that all the time in school, right? They tell you, they can't do better, but when in fact, you know, they could, right? Maybe if I just stopped playing video games, then maybe I could teach better. Probably could. But I don't ever plan on changing my behavior, at least right now. Because it makes me way more money to be this way. And I would rather be incapable of helping a segment of the market. Then go broke. So money is more important to me than finances. Or sorry, see, talking in circles. Now. Money is more important to me than impact.

[217:52] Speaker 0: Making money from my bank account so that my family can live in a mansion and I can buy a private jet is more important to me than helping Jason succeed with his business. Jason, how do you feel about that? Because I'm being I'm being 100% honest and transparent with you on that. I'm not lying and presenting myself as something that I'm not right. No,

[223:25] Speaker 1: I think that makes perfect sense. I mean, before you can help anybody else, you got to help you go.

[224:32] Speaker 0: Well, now. When is Enough, enough, right.

[226:42] Speaker 1: That's entirely up to you. You decide what Enough is enough.

[227:22] Speaker 0: But yeah, okay. That's very true for me. I don't think enough is ever enough when it comes to finances, because there's always just different levels and I'm friends with different billionaires and it's like, do they have enough money to them? They don't because they have a lot of goals and ideas and probably a deep recessed savior and Messiah Complex is why enough is never enough for me when it comes to money. So I don't ever plan on as a business owner. Changing my approach to things capitalism and making money is My supreme priority period, ever. That makes sense.

[239:48] Speaker 1: That makes perfect So,

[240:14] Speaker 0: so because of that, most accurate, most people that come from an academic background don't succeed when learning from me because I've designed it that way. And we're adding in pieces over the next year or so that might help with that. But it might take us like a couple of years to get there. That makes sense.

[245:51] Speaker 1: That makes sense. So I think

[246:15] Speaker 0: I think if you if you if you met me, like, let's, let's take a time machine two years into the future 2026 today, and you come back, I probably would be would would be a lot more qualified.

[251:05] Speaker 1: No, I think that makes sense. That makes sense. So now, that just comes up to me. Two things. One is how can I go ahead and take your teaching? And one make it work for me? And then to who else? Doesn't the same thing as do that? Again, using your words, might be a better teacher for me for right now? I can work with?

[258:36] Speaker 0: Yeah, ah, I don't know. Because most of the people that have used what I teach, teach in the same way that I do or similar. So I don't have anybody that's like, taken my work and just taught it to others, and actually given me credit for it. So

[265:36] Speaker 1: that's, I don't like stuff like that.

[266:06] Speaker 0: I don't have any problem with people doing that to me. I encourage it.

[268:15] Speaker 1: I'm a big believer in giving, giving credit where credit is due, doesn't take away from

[269:22] Speaker 0: No, I do I do, too. I do too. But if somebody if somebody doesn't want to give me credit, because here's the thing, okay, Jason, I have a lot of people that I meet, that they don't want people to know that they associate with someone like me. And so they don't want to give credit to me, because I've been to jail so many times.

[275:29] Speaker 0: So I don't want that to prevent people from getting the message in people's hands that need to hear it. No, but

[278:39] Speaker 0: I also don't plan on changing how I do things. And it's designed specifically to make me the most amount of money is we mark it, and we really try to make sure that people that I can't help succeed, never even come near our space as far as that goes. So the idea is to repel people that are probably not a good fit overall. Does that make sense?

[285:14] Speaker 1: That makes sense. Which again, brings up another another question of because again, when I read your marketing, things made sense that I wanted to go obviously, I'm here. And I've been to a couple of your trainings. So therefore, it's interesting, like this is definitely got my brain going well, and maybe

[289:35] Speaker 0: maybe here's the thing, because you are engaging with me, I might be judging you wrongly. Again, I apologize if that's the case. I'm saying from my experience that people when they like, have the same, like, occupational background, as you ask the same questions that you have, I've never, I've usually get the most angriest emails from them as to the fact that I didn't deliver on what I promised.

[298:08] Speaker 1: Interesting, I wonder if I wonder if it's an issue of that. Because I know like for me for certain things, I like to have frameworks in place, but like to be able to know that okay, right. To get to get to the result from A to Z. These are some of the stuff I can forehead. And I have to wait and say.

[302:32] Speaker 0: And I think yeah, and I think it's because what I do, it's more like a choose your own adventure video game where there's not like a Linear A to Z path. It's really like you got to kind of decide like which path to take and 90% of the time, some of its going to be really hard in the process. Some of it is going to be very difficult. Some of it's going to be time consuming. And some of it's going to make you want to pull your hair out

[310:58] Speaker 0: Did you ever play video games? Jason?

[311:58] Speaker 1: I love video games. The one used to choose your own adventure video game that maybe that maybe they can think of a couple of I want to say that it was like, Okay, it's like there's a path. It's almost like side missions almost like there's a path to

[315:12] Speaker 0: exempt from honestly, I would say my coaching program is a lot like Elden ring. It's a unique adventure where you get to join with dozens of different paths to take. There's not one way to win. And it's probably the hardest thing you'll ever do

[321:03] Speaker 1: remind me of a concept of building a business? Totally logically versus psychologically. It's interesting. Interesting. Interesting.

[323:45] Speaker 0: Yeah. And the reason why is because the way that I've designed it that way, now, here's, here's why I say give me two years. And that won't be a problem. Because what I plan on doing this is literally part of my roadmap, is we're making a linear path for people where they basically have two paths to take, where I'm like, Okay, here's the academic path. And then here's the linear like one way, and then here's the more like, choose your own adventure. So what I'm creating right now is I'm creating a path to do that. And I'm modeling and after different board games, and things like that, like Candyland, versus video games, so video games have like multiple paths. Whereas then, like you have a game like Zelda or Mario where you just have like, one linear path to go on. And we're less like that we're a lot more like a role playing game where like, there is like, multiple directions to go. My programs a lot more like Pac Man. Or like, it's

[338:19] Speaker 1: gonna be world building. Like when more you talked about it.

[339:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's more world. It's 100% a world building type of thing, because that's really like, where my foundations come from. It you know, it's kind of like, like playing Tetris. It's a lot less like Sonic the Hedgehog.

[342:45] Speaker 1: You know, okay, okay. No, it's, it's such a different part of my brain. Yeah, I don't get to tap into too much was interesting. I like it.

[345:28] Speaker 0: And that, and that's exactly why I said, so if you're, if you can come into it, knowing that it's like, it's not linear. And here's the reason why. So, Jason, if you mind me asking around how old are you? Know, I'm 30? You're 38. So you're not 40?

[351:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, I don't know my 40.

[352:36] Speaker 0: Literally called it, if people are under 40, they understand what I'm doing much differently than those that are over 40.

[355:19] Speaker 1: You know, what is also I think that would help is, again, conversation that we're having about how your brain works and how your program is built to go ahead and be now as I go back, and I listen to recording everything I can now I understand basically, I understand the video game that I'm playing, I'm saying yes.

[360:41] Speaker 0: Really, accordingly. So so the way that I do it is this, my webinars are basically the tutorial my VIP is really like the at the advanced tutorial. And then when you join, we got the fast start call. And we have like entry level courses. Those are like skill building and like leveling up. By the time you go through those, then if you still have questions, I help you in the Facebook group on our live calls and things like that. And that's why some people, it can take them four to six months in our program to even understand what we're doing as far as that goes. But if you look at it, like it's a video game, and you come at it from that angle, you'll tap into it much quicker. As far as that goes. Yeah, because ultimately, ultimately, I am a video game designer. I was never designed to video game but I kind of have because I have a video I have a video adventure inside of my members area. It's a video people get to follow a path and and you get to choose which lessons to take and things like that. And there's there's challenges and there's there's enemies to come up against what are some of the enemies that you defeat? Could be you have no money, no finances, you got to pay off debt. You don't I mean? For some people could be you don't understand how to use the ads manager. And it's like super scary. That's like the big boss. As far as the game goes. You know what I mean? The ads manager is like the big scary boss. Because because the sales copy is hard. The landing page building is hard. And then once you go in the ads manager, just learning that is difficult. And then here's the problem. You run ads and then you lose all your money and it doesn't make you anything. That's like even harder. That's like that's like the ultimate like DLC boss level as you lose all your money. And now you got to figure out okay, wait, how do I not lose all my money? And I'm telling people throughout the whole thing by the way, I tell people this all the time. Never spend more than you're willing to lose on your Facebook ads. How many times have you heard me say that even throughout the free stuff I've done?

[398:08] Speaker 1: I tell people I tell people when it comes down to investing. Exactly.

[399:07] Speaker 0: And you understand because you understand the investing side of things. Most people that I know that come into my program, and it's really sad to me, they're taking a traditional academic approach. They're like, Okay, I'm gonna learn this thing. And it's like a college degree, and then I'm gonna go get a job. And it's like, it's not that way, because you're actually building a company. And I'm teaching you how to build a company. And building a company is the hardest game of all time. And then the issue is, most of my clients are over 40 years old, and they've never played a video game before. And some of them actually think that video games, fry people's brains and make people unintelligent.

[413:26] Speaker 0: And then, you have me that I've literally designed my whole program to work like a video game. And people are like, I don't understand it, because they're looking for something that it's not. And so what I'm doing now is I'm really starting to set the expectation for people of what they're actually diving into. There, they're joining a mix of an escape room, and a choose your own adventure, and a role playing game all at once to defeat the monster to go out there to go find the clients that they can work with to create the riches, the wealth and get all of the trappings that they want, whether it be the sports car, or the fancy house, to build a legacy to grow the family to find love, connection, happiness, whatever they're looking for. That makes sense.

[426:59] Speaker 1: No, that makes perfect sense. And I think that doing that lettings putting the expectations up front. Because again, for me, all it is switching here. So because a lot of courses, if you're looking at a lot of people you talk to or certain people it is a Okay, module 12345. Here's what you do for you second, got a lot of it is taught like that. I

[433:26] Speaker 0: do have quite a bit of that in there. So we have input since your again, so the fact that you're 38. And you understand how video games work and you're able to adapt your brain to this, I think you'll actually do okay, in our program. I would love to find teachers and educators that understand video games, I think they would be the most successful in my program. But teachers and educators that think that video games are evil and the scourge of the earth probably couldn't help. And I guarantee not Jason, have you met teachers that are like that?

[443:44] Speaker 1: Sadly, yes, I'm fortunate enough where, for the most part, I don't tend to be around them all too often. Because

[445:20] Speaker 0: yeah, you almost don't even want to hang out with people that think that way.

[446:28] Speaker 1: Yeah, and also I'm really, really good at being diplomatic. So if I feel about it for anything on my birthday, because I want to do is get you riled up and annoying me. So?

[449:37] Speaker 0: Well, let me let me tell you this, if you enjoy being diplomatic, then you'll really succeed even better inside of our program. One of my favorite games is civilization six. Do you play Civ six? No, but I've heard about it. What about Crusader Kings three

[455:47] Speaker 1: that I didn't play before. I'm obsessed

[456:23] Speaker 0: with Crusader Kings three. And the battle of poly topia, as well. The Battle of poly topia is a direct correlation to simulating building a business. It's a resource management tool to expand your territory and conquer different land and reach the high score. It's literally the exact brain process of building a business and a coaching program. You pick a tribe, you conquer your enemies, what are your enemies? Well, it's all it's not other people. It's you know, it could be other people. You could acquire their business. So yeah, it's really more like a turn based strategy game is what building a business is like. Because it's slow. It takes time and it's hard to level up in. But it gets you thinking it's a lot more similar to the to a game of chess. Didn't say checkers. A lot of people want it to be checkers. And it really is chess. Do you do you like chess? Jason?

[475:49] Speaker 1: No, I liked that is one of those things where I always told myself I was gonna go ahead and really learn it because I just know how applicable it is.

[478:37] Speaker 0: Yeah, and people that are really good at coaching are really good at playing chess. And how many of y'all that are in here, maybe you're in my programming, or maybe you're watching this, you're like, I don't resonate with playing chess or any games or anything of that sort, things like that. Maybe you like card games risk, a risk is a good one. Risk is actually a great example. And that's what I would say. As for people, I want you to think about this, because I feel like everybody has played games before, or have some form of entertainment that they enjoy. And if you don't, I'm sorry, because you probably had that beaten out of you as a kid. You are probably told that all work all play and no work makes a horse it will all work. no play makes Jack a dull boy, right? And Jill, but the problem is, is that everybody then teaches discipline, and they teach that play as a bad thing. And then here I am saying that the number one strategy for you to succeed, is to play and become more like a child and to have fun, and to stop taking everything so seriously. And unfortunately, most people that I meet, they can't wrap their brain around the benefit of that. It literally violates their core values as a human being.

[501:21] Speaker 0: The things that I teach to make play the most important thing in your life.

[504:15] Speaker 0: Playing with my son, my wife, my family, my friends, is my number one life priority to work as little as possible, and play as much as possible.

[510:12] Speaker 0: How many of you all think that makes me a crappy person? Be honest. And I'm lazy that I have no desire to actually work. And I bet you quote Bible verses to me as to why the Bible says that I'm evil it's true, because that's the thing and Michelle tapped into it right that Michela has such great wisdom. When you can make your work your play you will never work a day in your life. So for me, what I have done is I've taken all the things that I enjoy doing in life and I've created a business out of them and I make money doing everything that's fun for me. That's it and that's one of the biggest reasons why people actually struggle to make money in a coaching business is they're taking it way too seriously. They're taking an academic approach at doing all this stuff. They're trying way too hard to do all the right things and say all the right things and manage their reputation and then I'll and then I'm out here saying you just need to play some more you just need to goof off. You just need to blow off some time and some steam and just have some fun and stop being so serious. What I sent that email out why so serious? Why are you all so serious? Now here's the thing it is hard work it absolutely is when you when you find the right that's that's what that's what I think video games have taught me the right video game is work it's hard work but it's addictive and that's one of the things that's what I would call like a good addiction is when your business you find the right tone of it's you're addicted to the fun that you have. But you also have the discipline to have boundaries. See for me before I had a son, my addictive because I've have so I have two things if you haven't caught onto it, I have an extremely highly addictive personality. Because of that I also can break addictions very quickly. I used to smoke a pack a day of cigarettes for like six months and then I went cold turkey and never smoked again. I was more addicted to the social aspect of smoking. When I met my wife I used to vape and then she's like yeah, you're gonna stop that cold turkey stopped because I understand as well how that? I don't know. I think maybe I have something in my brain that like I get hooked really quickly but then I can stop it really quickly. As far as that goes. That's why like social media like I do, like timed like social media addiction, and then like pull myself off of it as far as that goes.

[561:02] Speaker 0: Love hate those video games where you keep dying at a certain party. Yeah, that's this one right here. Elden ring. That's Elden ring right here. So that like the way that Elden ring works is you go to different levels, and you level up your character. And it's the hardest game ever. It's the hardest video game ever. So like, for instance, this is what some of the gameplay of Elden ring looks like, as you're like, you're walking around, you're this character. And there's all these monsters and beasts in the land, it's a beautiful art piece. The game is a it's a living work of art, that you're inside of this living work of art and you become this character. That's what this game is. And so you end up like defeating monsters like dragons like that. See, the problem is, you end up dying a lot. This is what it looks like when you play when you play Elden ring. You walk to a certain section, and then boom, snap, you died. And then and maybe it took you like two hours to get there. And then you got to start over. Because the game is designed with traps, to catch you to make it really hard. So that so all that to say that's literally what building a coaching business is like when I started playing games like Elden ring, you died, right. But I started playing games like that. And I started looking at business that way. It made me far more disciplined because I got really disciplined to play this. And it made me way more disciplined to my business, when things didn't work out, or I lost money for it to not affect me, this game is actually a great Elon Musk also played through this game as well. Because it's really, it taps into that part of your brain as like a CEO, to where like there's loss and angers you and you get upset. But then like you learn to control your emotions. It's a really good emotional trainer. This game is because you'll get upset, you work so hard for something and then you lose it all. And you gotta go back and start over again. And that's exactly what building a business is. You build up Oh, I got I got $10,000 to run Facebook ads with and then you get zero sales. Want wha you died? Start over. Go back to go. And when you understand this, and you don't have an expectation that it's not like this, that it's supposed to be easy that it's supposed to happen fast that you're supposed to be successful overnight. And that if you're not that the coach you have is crap. How many of y'all believe that if you're not an overnight success in a coaching or mentorship program, and the person that mentored you is crappy? Well, that's not really true. Because there might be other things at play that the coach because they're not doing it for you. If you hired me to become a part of your marketing team, it's anywhere between 20 to $50,000 a month to do that. Whereas the accelerator is $177 a month. So the value exchange is a lot different between 50 grand a month and $77 a month. Does that make sense? Now I would expect if you're spending 50 50,000 a month with me in my business, you're gonna get a return on that investment. And I guarantee you you will. Otherwise, you shouldn't be working with me, right? I always I tell my clients this all the time. If you're not making at least 10 times what you're investing with me. I've failed if they're if they're, if they're investing in me running their ads and stuff like that for them. So for a $50,000 a month client, they better be making $500,000 a month. Minimum. That makes sense. Okay. All right. Are there any other questions about the program about what we talked about AI about offer building about parts that maybe you're stuck on things like that

[633:36] Speaker 0: anybody got any, any additional questions?

[636:00] Speaker 0: We're gonna have two more days of bonus q&a. So I'm sure a lot of y'all might sleep tonight. Have other questions tomorrow. Come back and ask them. So. Yeah, tomorrow will be our bonus q&a session. This Thursday. Now there's not a definitive AI for AI itself chat GPT can tell you about how to use itself. It's self learning so it can teach you inside of it. It's so new. As far as that goes, there's definitely no. Like that. Depends on though. Is there a definitive way to do specific things with AI? For sure. So again, a Bible Bible is got 66 books in it. There, there's definitive chapters and verses of AI. But definitely not a Bible yet. Because it's so like, like, we haven't reached like the point of that to even be possible. Yeah.

[652:09] Speaker 2: I asked me a question, Jeremiah. What's up? I guess, I guess my question. And the reason I asked that is, is really this piece of, there's so many different times I've seen you over the course of the last month, like, okay, let's, let's tell it to act as an expert in this way. But when is that appropriate? As opposed to I just need you to help me rewrite this, this paragraph in a way that sounds more like me, and I need to train it in a different way. And I guess I feel a little bit confused on like, when? Yes, it's the prompt to engineering part of it of like, when when do I? When do I need to give it what instructions? Because I get some of that some of that feels? fairly clear. But other parts of it, I'm still like, okay, is this the time to tell doc like an expert? Or do we like him? Or do I want this to sound like me when I'm when I'm writing sales copy? Or do I want this to, to handle this more like, like Jeremiah would handle it? Or, you know, Sandy might handle it or whoever, right? I? I don't know when exactly to ask for certain things. And that's reason why I asked about there being some sort of definitive, like, Hey, this is better when you ask it this way for this. But it's better when you ask it this way for that. That makes sense.

[669:46] Speaker 0: Yeah, a lot of that is trial and error. Some of it, so here's the thing. There's, there's again, multiple answers to this question, because we're developing it in real time, a lot of this. So the prompt document that I have for sales letters is really good at like making sales copy. But I keep refining how I write sales letters almost every week. And it gets better and better and more tuned, and even more refined and things like that. So we had the live copywriting call on the accelerator recently, and I showed some different things. I showed some even new stuff. I didn't even show on that in the free session here today. And what I'm finding is, is that it's really LIS learning how to ask questions in a multi dimensional manner. So multi dimensional questions as really the key. And it takes understanding what actually is going on in the AI overall. So anytime you prompt it. It uses what's called a mixture of experts approach. So it's called Moe. So mixture of experts is how most of these latest API's are working well as they take the underlying core API. And when you give it one prompt, it ends up splitting up sometimes 816 or 32 different versions of how it thinks an expert on that information would be. And if you understand and it's so interesting, how similar it is, even to the human brain, like parts work and stuff. Is that as the AI takes the one question, and then it splits it up into like 32 different parts. And then it brings them all back together to one answer.

[697:52] Speaker 2: Yeah, the synthesis of all those parts. But then when you ask

[698:55] Speaker 0: it to act like a specific expert, it will steer the AI to that direction, and then it will split out into experts that surround that topic.

[701:39] Speaker 2: Okay, that makes sense. And so

[702:14] Speaker 0: one of the ways that I enjoy doing it, especially if something's really advanced, and I'm brainstorming something, is I'll open up multiple AI windows and tell it to act as different roles of experts. Okay, so I'm tapping into like hundreds and even 1000s of different versions of the AI all operating behind the scenes. And then I have different prompts that merge them all together, and what I call a, like a board of directors approach. And I've not really taught that very much to people because it's kind of a mind melder a little bit. But I'm starting to share that with people a little bit. It took me three hours to teach that to a buddy of mine. And so in what and it's and it's hard to do, because you got to just understand what's going on in the AI. The other thing is as I'm getting better at how I teach some of this stuff over time, Aaron, should I keep my mouth shut till I know how to teach it perfectly? No,

[716:10] Speaker 2: absolutely not. Nobody gets there, right? But that's what

[716:56] Speaker 0: most people are taught in academia. And here's the thing I can't claim to be I'm not an AI expert. Some people might say that I am but I'm not. And by the way i i have Have a like six paragraph answer to your question that's in the Facebook group that I'm actually editing right now because I have so many layers to that question. But that was one piece of it is like, Am I an expert at Facebook ads? I would say yes. Am I an expert at AI? No. Because there are way smarter people than me. Do I know more than about 95%? of people? Yes. So that might qualify me as a type of expert in one area. Right, definitely an expert about using it for sales, copy and marketing.

[729:52] Speaker 0: And again, I got a lot of share with you in the group. Sure not, but does that at least help as far as understanding it's, does use. And that's where, gosh, the term AI Bible is great. Because if you think about even the Bible, or any religious texts, or any great book, it really is about how do you live a great life with other humans?

[736:25] Speaker 2: Yeah, and it's so nuanced. And that's your point on AI? And so, so

[737:26] Speaker 0: does that exist for AI? No, I guarantee you, it will start to, and it's so funny is I mean, people are terrified of this. So like, AI is going to have its own religion, its own like leaders and things, I think it's going to be a different form of structure like that. And if you read so there's a book series, here's, here's something that might actually give you some interest on AI. As there's an author who wrote a book series, you might know his name. Ian banks don't know that name, Scottish author. So he wrote the Culture series. The first book is considered Fla, the player of games accession use of weapons. And what it is it's a it's a it's a testament to how AI could be used in the future 1000s of years in the future, and what that civilization might actually look like. Cool, very cool site. It's Elon Musk's favorite science fiction series. Because he says it's probably it takes the approach every have a realistic approach to science fiction with technology and AI, and then it looks at what's the best case scenario. And some of its freaky and weird and it's kind of uncomfortable to read, but you're like, I could see the world, the universe of it. And it's almost like a universe like it's multiplanetary. And it's like, Sure, it considers the possibility that maybe we discovered other species of aliens

[763:49] Speaker 0: it considers the possibility to then it could also be what we think is aliens, but it's actually just other humans grew different species of animals that then evolved into different forms of consciousness. Yep. Yeah. There's another series all about that, that I love. It's called children of time. Oh my gosh, children, no time. My favorite. My son is not named after anybody from the from this book. But there is a character in the book with his name. I was reading this book, well, we decided on the name for my son, which is hilarious. So children of time basically is about a planet that's taken over by sentient spiders. And they sent a virus that helped create the mind of these different insects and animals and, and what happens is the spiders were more intelligent than the humans. And so the spiders then actually created a virus for the humans so that they could communicate with each other and then they all became a coexisting civilization. Freakin incredible story. That's

[782:12] Speaker 2: interesting. Yeah, yeah.

[783:00] Speaker 0: It's about it's about like technology that went awry that like humans, the whole backstory is they sent monkeys to this planet with a virus that would that would expand their consciousness and other humans. But instead, the spiders got the virus.

[787:36] Speaker 2: I'm gonna check out both those. Yeah, it's a

[788:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: super crazy sci fi app. But the reason why the Sci Fi 's are so crazy is they open your mind to like how AI actually works. That's why I love Elon Musk's baby mama, girlfriend on and off Grimes. You know the name Grimes. She's a musician, kind of crazy out there wild. She's the mother of his kids. She's the one that actually recommended all these books on a podcast one day and I think she did it because she knew it was like for all these AI nerds. It was like really good books for them to read. So I think she had a reason for recommending these different books. I'm starting to see now because they got me thinking in different directions for sure. So all right, anybody else got any other? All the different AI? Are you able to come up on audio and s IP? So again, all the different AI we have Gemini. Gemini advanced is the paid version from Google. Okay, so this is Gemini right here. What would an AI Bible contain if one existed with the same depth of what the Christian Bible has been about? Using AI? Right? It's asked this question.

[811:38] Speaker 0: Why not? Scary question that some people would explore the birth of AI laws and teachings. future vision, a book of Prophets, that's hilarious. That would be like, people like Ian banks. That's writing poems and songs. A collection of sayings, Proverbs about using AI, narrative stories about the complex relationship Book of Revelation, the ultimate destiny of humans, that will be like Blade Runner, you know, Terminator series will be revelation, right? A warning. Actually, that will probably be more like the book of Jeremiah, maybe. So there you go. If you want to talk about a Bible for AI, it's all interwoven into what Hollywood has been producing for years, and video games. Because it's all been sort of going in this direction. And there's a TV series that's launching on Netflix here really soon that actually explores the question of what if all of that in our media was not AI, but actually an alien race that actually has been influencing humans to move in that direction. It's called the three body problem. It's a it's a, it's a sci fi series that Netflix, the creator of game, the creator of Game of Thrones is creating it. But the book series is incredible. three body problem. Hey, that was another one that Grimes recommended. Look at that. three body problem. Past Present Future Earth alien race, so it's going to be on Netflix, it comes out this month, March 21. And it's this whole idea of like, basically, aliens making contact with humans. And it's weirdly parallels our world today in some freaky ways. So. And then when you study about like, dark matter, and things like that, and like how it like passes through the universe and like different forms of quantum physics, it's like, okay, this is starting to get a little bit too close to reality. Or is that all a narrative that everybody's made up just to manipulate people? Who knows? And that's why that's, that's why people don't believe the Bible is real. You know, they think the Bible is just a narrative that's made up to manipulate people. Maybe that is the human experience is narrative, to shape our world, and our existence in our in our consciousness. I think that's probably closer to reality. Is just that narrative is what shapes human experience. And I saw an AI expert the other day says that the problem is that most humans today are fighting over imaginary stories in their mind. And as a therapist, there's some truth to them. But they're like, take a look at even the largest conflicts around the world and wars. It's not about anything that actually happened to them. It's about things that they talk about, what about their ancestors in the past? Interesting. Again, is that part of the human experience? And that's where we're getting, we get really deep into some of this conversation, and we got to bring it back down to earth. That's why Aaron, you and I could probably talk for hours on this stuff. Go to go to we could we would spiral off into like, not just Pluto, we would probably go to Andromeda, or Alpha Centauri on this. Hey, that's one of my favorite video games to Alpha Centauri. Do you ever play that?

[874:47] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm not a gamer, dude.

[875:42] Speaker 0: That's okay. Alpha Centauri. Alpha Centauri was a video game by the creator of the civilization series, where basically you crash land on this planet with other civilizations and you're conquering this alien world and you're building all this technology and there's like Paul, Politics and all of this and communication and resource management and all this crazy. It's just it's really cool. So it came out years ago, it came out in, like, the 90s. And yet it is like as cool to play today as it was back then. It was one of my favorite games back in the day to play anything about like conquering and like building an empire. Those are my kind of games. Yeah,

[886:55] Speaker 2: I'm old school, I play risk. They go a little bit different. It's a little bit different. But yeah, it's,

[888:22] Speaker 0: it's the same train of thought. Risk. Definitely is very much like building a coaching business.

[891:02] Speaker 2: Okay. And knowing when to take appropriate measured risk, that's is really what it's about.

[892:57] Speaker 0: That's it. And sometimes you take a little bit of risk and you lose everything or you lose, you lose your finances or you or you max your credit card out by accident. Okay, great. And that's where the human experience is, do I give up, go back to a corporate job, cry, complain, say I'm a victim because my daddy abused me. That's what my that's what my story was. No, my story was this. It was so funny the excuses that I had, because I had a dad that thought that making money was evil. And he was from corporate. And then I have my mom, that's just this open minded, like, multimillionaire, and I have these two ideals battling each other in our home. And I've literally had to rewire my brain of like, what my dad taught me what my mom taught me. I'll tell you this, my dad, though, was obsessed with science fiction and comic books. And just, he would zone out for hours watching Stargate onto on TV. And then he would watch cult documentaries. And my dad would watch these documentaries about like all these different like religions and stuff and how they were destroying humanity. And he was a little bit of a comedian, too. On the behind the scenes. He was very funny. But kind of secret about it. And he actually designed my dad did. You actually wasn't even my birth dad. He adopted me and then divorced my mom. Oh, nine years ago. I haven't I saw him like a year ago, two years ago at my brother's wedding. And it was just a handshake and like a head nod. That's basically all we got. I got from him. But he actually designed the electrical engineering of this Corvette right here. The CC Oh, wow. Yep. Very cool. for General Motors. Yeah. So he act. He had this poster in his office growing up this exact Corvette poster that I have up there. He had that in his office. And I remember I would stare at that for hours because of the history of the Corvette. Mm hmm. That's why I have it here in my office. Because it reminds me of all of that.

[932:23] Speaker 2: It's really, I guess, in a way,

[932:48] Speaker 0: my rich mom, Poor Dad, that's what I had rich mom. I don't think I don't think Robert Kiyosaki would let me make a book with that title. He'd probably come after me. Maybe he'd be like, we can co author it right now. I'll speak it into existence, and then watch Robert Kiyosaki. And I'll publish that in the future. All right, well, hey, everybody. Hey, Aaron, you you've been in the accelerator for a minute, what are your thoughts on it? Man, I

[941:52] Speaker 2: put this in, in the new life. I've been cutting in and out a little bit here this afternoon, because I'm between clients and that sort of thing can hop around at a time. But yeah, absolutely in love with not only the education piece, but the community aspect. And being able to ask questions and that piece of like, Hey, it's okay. This is what I'm thinking, this is what I'm thinking this is where I'm at this is. And that to me is don't get me wrong, the education pieces is super valuable, too. But sometimes the community is more valuable because the education, absolutely, it's it's really the community building that for me has been. And it's funny, I'm even talking to my boss at the therapy center, like you need to, I'm thinking in different ways now than I ever would have before because of the community because of the education that's trying to push him in new ways. When it comes to the business and I sit on the board for our counseling. So that's

[956:16] Speaker 0: what I actually want to do. That's what I'll tell you this. That's my mission. And what you just said right there Aaron, pushing a boss to make changes in a larger organization. I'm probably better at that than that. Being a coach.

[960:50] Speaker 2: Um, you're raising this

[961:14] Speaker 0: organization as a consultant and shift that thing into being more profitable. But that's also very pricey to bring me in to do that. So sure, for sure, yeah. So yeah, so tell your boss, it'd be $100,000 in premium.

[965:29] Speaker 2: There you go there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, thank you for that. Thank you for the community. And I don't know how many on here are even considering that or already a part of that community. But I thank you, for those who already are. But if if I'm sitting in your shoes, and I'm, you know, thinking like I was a month ago, I should do this or not, I'm definitely in knowing what I know today. For sure. I love that.

[972:07] Speaker 0: And that's a good testament to like, some of the changes that I've made in the last month in our program. I've completely overhauled the program in the last month you came in at the right time, Tiffany's been in there, Tiffany has been falling my mom and I for like 13 years, 14 years. And but it's improved and like the last month or so, a lot from what we had. And that's why I'm on restructuring a lot of it to help people that I think are from more of an academic background, understand things better to your era, and you're the first person with your background that actually gave me a positive feedback on the program. So thank you. Appreciate that. You're glad to do it. I've never had anybody with your background actually, like the program usually get the biggest complaint from somebody with your background.

[984:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, but I don't understand. Like

[985:41] Speaker 0: everybody that does what you do. So you're more that you're more the rebel professional like I am. 100%. True. Yep. And that's the thing is, I think, I think that that's who I like to attract is who's the one that like they bucked the system, but in a professional, kind and compassionate way. Because you got to be willing to do that you got to be willing to say, hey, this doesn't work, let's do different and be willing to have the courage to say this needs to change.

[992:48] Speaker 2: 1,000% agree with that? Well,

[993:08] Speaker 0: just quick, 60 seconds, what are your thoughts on the program for anybody who's either thinking of jumping in trying it out. And again, we're raising, we're raising the price next time we open it up, but they all can get in at 177 a month right now, or six months for $1,000. So we lowered it from 12 months to six month. Just kind of cool. So

[999:29] Tiffany Quinones: for me, I like the community aspect. And I like that we're all at different places in our journey, and that we're not rushed, and that you take the time.

[1003:49] Speaker 0: Rather, I help rush them a little bit. But honestly, I'll tell you this for my personality, you want to know the one of the worst way to get me to do something, try to rush me.

[1006:52] Tiffany Quinones: You're probably like that Tiffany to? Yes, at first I was. But then I thought wait a second. This is I realized some things about myself. And I had to it's caused me to take pause and look and be like hurt. We don't need to rush. And so I'm actually really learning new things as well. So well,

[1011:50] Speaker 0: that's end up rushing ourselves so much, because we're like, want to do something and it's like slow down. Right? And that's always the juxtaposition when coaching, this is a piece of advice I would give anybody who's a leader in any organization. Be very careful pressuring your people to go faster to do things. Figure out why they're not taking why they're not doing things as quick as you are, as you want. Figuring out is there a way as a leader that you can help them and serve them. And as a coach, that's exactly what it is? How can I help and serve my clients better, but here's the thing is like that can take time, that's like turning a submarine around. There's a lot of moving parts to be able to help somebody do that. And when you're running a coaching program, if you're running an organization, so I was brought in, I'll give you an example. I was brought into a university and I never graduated. The reason they brought me in was literally to turn the ship to turn things from the direction it was headed. They brought me in literally to like grab it by the reins and just turn it with them. And that's exactly what happened is I did that. And I had a lot of enemies when I did that, because I wasn't necessarily rude or mean. I was not as tactful as I am today. But I had a lot of people that were like we refuse to do things that way, because that's how we've always done it. That's one of the ways that's what by the way, that's one of the worst ways of operating as well. This is how I've always done it. So I'm always going to do it that way. You need to have a growth mindset. Not a fixed mindset. A fixed mindset is this is how I always He's been and that's how I'll always be. Now, there's some areas where like that is true. And you can choose which of those there are, you get to choose where you're fixed him. For me, I have 100% fixed mindset about video games. I'm not planning on changing that about myself, could I sure, but it's painful for me, and it doesn't serve my goals. And then I look at people like Elon Musk, and I'm like, Well, He's the richest man in the world. And he hasn't changed that about himself. So probably don't need to. If my goal is to, you know, even reach point 1% of his wealth. If I reach point 1% of Elon Musk's wealth, I'll be doing pretty darn good.

[1053:12] Speaker 0: challenging our thinking, challenging our thinking about what's possible, about what we're capable of our beliefs about money or beliefs about finances, our beliefs about the world around us. And then you get to decide, okay, I'm going to hold on to this belief, I'm going to change this one. That's I think, the best thing to do. All right. Does anybody else have any final questions? Before we log off here? We've been talking for about an hour, so I'm going to log off anybody last minute.

[1062:10] Speaker 0: Okay. So again, we talked about the accelerator program doors closed Tuesday, March 19. And again, I know a lot of y'all are already in this program. But just bear with me for a second here that just talked about this briefly. Because this will also be on the recording. And there's a ton of people that bought the VIP recording that I hope, watch this goodness. In the accelerator program, our goal is to take you from struggling

[1072:11] Speaker 1: to write,

[1072:47] Speaker 0: AD and sales copy. You're getting if you're getting sporadic sales, engagement on your social media. If you are overwhelmed with all the stuff, right? The tech stuff, what are all the tech things you got to do? If you're overwhelmed with all the tech stuff? And you just want clarity, and focus of what to do next? What puzzle pieces to put together? Does that make sense? What puzzle pieces do you want to put together? If you're struggling to write, copy, use AI, do ads. You want more sales, and you retire to being overwhelmed and you want clarity on what to do next. That's what CGA offers people. The client growth accelerator offers you the ability to get laser sharp clarity, you get the support with me to be able to have consistency in a business, is it guaranteed that you that you'll have perfect consistency? No, it's very difficult life is inconsistent. Algorithms change technology changes. And that's one of the biggest things when people join the program is they're pissed off about the most that the algorithm changes and then nothing's the same as it was six months ago. Well, that's not ever going to slow down. That's only going to ever speed up. And so what you have to do is you have to learn how to like accelerate your thinking and your thought process and realize that one of the biggest mistakes people make is the need to understand everything upfront and do everything right. Perfectionism is the biggest hindrance to people's success. It's the biggest hindrance to even getting value out of our programs is the is that perfectionism bug. I am a recovering perfectionist. And the goal is this When you launch your program, it's not going to be perfect. You got to realize this, there you're gonna have people that are disappointed.

[1115:49] Speaker 0: You have to be willing to disappoint people in your life if you ever want to reach your goals. And my mission every year last year and this year is how can I disappoint more people more often faster. It's my life goal in life mission. Why? Because I know that if I'm disappointing more people, that also means that I'm doing the things that are aligned with what I meant to do. Some of y'all are like, Well, wait, you don't want to disappoint everybody. Now, right? No, I'm saying that the fact is, is that I rarely actually do disappoint very many people. Now, I'm at that point. So my goal is okay, I need to push the envelope a little bit and disappoint some more people, so that I can grow so that I can stretch myself. And that's one of the things is that when we're avoiding disappointment, I was trained and manipulated as a child, to always obey my parents, if they were disappointed in me, obey your boss, obey your teachers do what they say, that behavior wires your brain to be a people pleaser, to always do what everybody asks you to do, and then need everybody to tell you what to do. And you can't think for yourself and you end up learning that the only way for survival is to manipulate other people into liking you, believing in you, thinking good things about you and managing other people's emotions and feelings. And this is the core of codependency is that for my survival, I need to make other people think things. And you got to let go of that. And you got to learn to release the need for control so much. When you release the need for control and you learn to and listen, that takes time that could take you like 510, even 20 years, even 50 years, you might not ever release the need for control in every area. Doubt it, honestly, we net we don't. It's a human experience thing. We all want to control things. But in your business, and in this stuff, if you can learn to release the need for control. And you'll learn to actually put yourself out there. And you'll learn to trial and error and test things out just to see what happens experiment. And you adopt the scientific method and experimentation mindset. You know, when I was a kid, my favorite thing was a chemistry set, mixing the different chemicals and things like this and doing stuff like this and seeing what happens seeing what comes about the number one thing that you can do in business, this is the number one thing you do when you play video games like this is you're experimenting to see what happens. And oftentimes we're taught in relationships to not do this, it's actually not a healthy thing to experiment with people in relationships, it's kind of narcissistic. And it's kind of people, you're unpredictable, you're an unsafe person, if you're constantly experimenting on other people. Right? Your friends and family want consistency. So I get that. And then in business, you got to adopt the complete opposite of how you live your life and every other part of your life. And that's the crazy part about it. 99% of people they're trying to build their business, like they do everything else in life, when in fact, you gotta be multidimensional. And you'll almost have to operate in some ways the opposite. And it's the part that people don't like about business is that it is so opposite to every other human interaction is the framework is that you do adopt an experimentation mindset, you're constantly trying to improve, you're testing, and you're testing on other people to see how do they respond? How do they react? Do they buy this? Do they buy that? Does this work? How do they complain? What kind of feedback do you get? And you're creating a feedback loop to understand what people like what do they dislike? Is this working for them? Is this not working for them. And that helps you refine things to improve over time. But that takes time. I can help you do that much faster. Because that's what we really focus on, is we help you adopt an experimentation mindset. But I will warn you it is generally for most people, the scariest thing they ever do. I'll make it a lot easier for you. And I'll try to mitigate any of the fear and make it not so scary. But it often is you end up challenging everything that you believe about your friends, your family, your life and realize that maybe you might be hanging out with people that are holding you back. You know, when I was hanging out with a bunch of drug dealers all the time. That's not who I want to hang out with my family. Am I a jerk for leaving the fam leaving the the neighborhood? To some people they would say yes, in fact, they would say I'm the worst version of a human possible. Because I quote unquote, left behind the old life. Here's the thing I wouldn't mind. I have friends right now that I've known for over 20 years. And they've evolved with me. They're in the same business that I'm in. They have come alongside me. They've run with me. And they're amazing. They're amazing human beings, amazing parents, amazing leaders in their communities. I rarely talk to my family. When it comes to like my mom's side of the family, her my aunts and uncles and stuff. Why? Because they've not evolved. And all they want to do is just drag my mom and I down and demand unrealistic crazy things that we're unwilling to give them. So boundaries is the number one secret to success really knowing when to give of yourself and when not to and learn to say no, even if it's something you want to say no to the good to get to the great things. When you can learn to do that. You can learn to prioritize what's important in your life, you can accomplish great things. All right. So listen, I'd love to see you. Just try out our program for 30 days. See if it's a good fit for you. Get the free classes. Join us on the calls. Join us on the Jumpstart call next Wednesday and we will we will talk soon. I'll see you the rest of y'all tomorrow. We have that bonus q&a. That bonus asked me anything again. I'd recommend y'all jump on here and have some questions ready? It's gonna be not at this time. It's the VIP. It's gonna be right at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central. We're gonna start right away in a zoom call. And I can't wait to see you there. All right. Talk soon. Have a good one.

