VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-04-12T21:37:24.000Z
Duration: 92 min
Otter ID: 6zOCn5rZ0P59Dh-9ilzQ9hg0hM4
---

[3:14] Speaker 0: All right

[5:34] Speaker 0: live on the Facebook's

[9:17] Speaker 1: All right. Well,

[10:16] Speaker 0: ain't nobody in the VIP yet. But it's still there probably all night sessions while the main session so I'll be talking till it's 340 As far as this goes. What's up Jason? We had a Jason, What's up, buddy?

[16:41] Speaker 1: Hey, what's going on?

[16:52] Speaker 0: We had 15 People stay through the whole thing.

[18:20] Speaker 1: I didn't realize that, like, I jumped off because I thought that he was jumping onto the zoo. So I jumped over and I was waiting. And then I got caught up doing something else. And I was like, wait a minute, zoom just canceled on me. And then I saw the email, they all shoot.

[22:24] Speaker 0: Yeah, and we had 15 People stay on Live, which is awesome. Well, I think we'll have quite a few. I was testing a new way of kind of doing the just pitch part of things, because you've seen me do the pitch a few times, right? But I've got, but I've gotten a little bit better at how do you actually like, see people engaged with it. So that's what I showed today. And that's exactly what this is, this VIP is just a look behind the curtain. As far as this goes, one thing that we talked about is we're going to be raising the price dramatically on these VIPs, we're not going to be offering q&a on most of the one day sessions that we do, and we're not going to be doing any more, I'm not gonna be doing any more free events. So we're gonna start charging for all these events as far as this goes. And I'm going to be changing my sales copy again, I tested out this time around not using I tested out doing low cost high impact. And I want to go back to like how to generate six figures. I get some people that are pissed off, and they use the word six figures are so angry, it's all about the money. But at the end of the day, people actually are willing to take action when they think there's an ROI on they're not willing to do anything. They think it's just some cute little thing that it's time consuming, like Netflix. So again, I'm not trying to be like Netflix for everybody, either.

[46:20] Speaker 1: Exactly. I think that. I mean, that's why I mean, I think it's smart to go ahead and to charge for them, it just might make sense. You know?

[49:43] Speaker 0: Well, but here's the thing, I noticed a lot of people, they go out the gate and they start charging for things. And that that's a terrible idea. That's a terrible idea and start charging, like right out the gate. Because you want to build an audience and test it out to see what you can get people to sign up for for free. Then once you've dialed that in really well, that's when you then start charging for it and charging tickets. Because my free my free event, the whole goal of that was just for me to refine how I show up as far as this goes. The whole purpose of the free sessions is purely entertaining. Jason I'm not trying to actually give people any results during the free sessions. I'm trying to entertain. No, that makes sense.

[63:58] Speaker 1: That makes sense. But now that you say that, do you think that again, and it's erroneous? Because again, in my mind is like you get what you pay for? You're gonna get me again. I say that. I don't mean to say that you haven't given great value, because we absolutely have. But I wonder because you could talk about how people are upset and frustrated. I wonder if it's because they're expecting.

[69:44] Speaker 0: I know, Jason, you're not understanding. I'm trying to make them upset and frustrated so that they don't join my program. That's my goal. Yeah, that is my goal. What?

[73:18] Speaker 1: So you didn't say that before?

[74:01] Speaker 0: I didn't say that before. So

[74:30] Speaker 1: you did. That was your goal that you wanted them to go ahead and to basically not join one of them to

[76:15] Speaker 0: Yes, because that person gets upset that they're going to be upset. Even more upset at the 30 days. I proven this I've tested it because I used to not qualify them out. And then they were the ones that were the most angry at me, because they joined the program and they felt like it was crap. So my goal is I have I have identified over the last 21 years, exactly how to make sure that the person that I don't want to join my program that's going to be wasting my time, and there's never doings and actually loses interest in what I'm doing.

[88:59] Speaker 0: To not do that, and this business is very unwise.

[91:25] Speaker 1: Most of the most lot of people are trying to get as many people as possible.

[92:54] Speaker 0: I don't think they are actually not the ones who are actually successful, what they're sold. The ones who are struggling and saying that they you know that that talk in Facebook groups and have a lot of big dreams, but they're not actually doing anything. That's what those people want, but not the ones that are actually doing anything. Because whenever I'm in conversations with people that are successful, the goal is how do we make sure that a certain demographic of people never joined our program. You know, that's actually why some people they lead with politics as a big as a big book, to intentionally turn off people politically.

[104:27] Speaker 1: Correct McAfee that I can, I can see that. Because like I get, like me, executed working. Because at the end of the day, you want certain people, well, you gotta signal

[107:00] Speaker 0: who is going to spend the most amount of money with. And so if they're not going to spend, so this is my qualifier, they're not going to spend money with me. And they're where they're going to ask for their money back after 30 days, or they're gonna whine bitch, moan and complain and send me a bunch of angry emails within the first year. I go into what I am an expert at, which is pattern recognition. And what I do is I create a profile of the type of person that all of the people that have ever done that, to me are. It's interesting, because we're taught in our world to not do this, to not discriminate to not segregate to not do that, when it comes to your business. If I already know that this person is going to ask for their money back, it's stupid for me to try to bring them in my program. So I actually have baked into it mechanisms to make sure that they leave, that they never joined, that they never try it out that they never even engaged, that they have other things to go to, that they have other priorities, that I am not a priority in their life, my goal and mission is for them to not make me or what I teach a priority for them.

[129:39] Speaker 0: And I'm speaking to the ones that I know that I can actually produce results for the ones that are actually going to make an investment with me and not just try out my program, you know, I talked about that you can just try it out for 30 days, I don't care leave, I don't. Because if you leave that gives me great data as to who to make sure to try to never get into my space.

[137:50] Speaker 1: I never thought

[138:04] Speaker 0: about you want to know who I do not want in my coaching program, most of the time. therapists and traditional educators

[142:11] Speaker 0: because I have had the worst experiences with people that have a traditional education background, or they are a clinical therapist. Because what I teach goes against everything that is taught on how to be a great educator or clinical therapist. And so I am not I don't need to work hard enough to try to rewire somebody's brain that is already wired that everything that I teach is wrong to do. I don't need to convince somebody that they need to be different than they already are, or that they want to be. I want to work with people that are that I don't need to work so hard for them to start to do the stuff that's going to help them get results. Because I am I mean this but I don't want to work that hard. I refuse to work that hard with anybody in my business. Does that make sense?

[156:45] Speaker 1: Okay, also, like I need to think about the strategy behind physically. Telling people by all means coming to try it out as a way of relating Have you know the people who just want to come and take it and just leave? Like, you know, your Oh yeah. And

[161:39] Speaker 0: here's what I love is when they come in. This is my favorite, they come in, they use everything, they asked a ton of questions, and I give them a ton of value. And we do a lot of interaction, I build out their whole marketing for them in 30 days. And then they sent me a nasty email as to why I am the worst human being they've ever met on the planet Earth. And they want their money back. I love that. Because that is a that is an insanely manipulative person that I don't want to actually stay in my space.

[170:20] Speaker 1: I can't even imagine having

[171:30] Speaker 0: happened, happened six months ago, as well, I had an I had a woman that I thought was amazing. And I can help her so much. And the the email that she wrote me, I can't believe she said that, she said, Jeremiah, my autistic, half retarded son could teach better than you. But like, you know, she's like an all you talk about is your mom, you've never done shit in your life, stop posturing and pretending like you actually can help anybody. And I'm like, You know what, like, that actually hurt for about a week. And then I was just like, You know what, that is hilarious. Because that is somebody that I am so glad they're not in my coaching program. One of my clients at Dell is like, wow, that's nasty. It was nasty. Like somebody who comes into a program, and then sends that on their way out as to why they want their money back after 30 days.

[187:48] Speaker 1: Right, I get it I get Yeah, I mean, also, I mean, somebody with that kind of psychology, like, definitely, like, you know, dig deep into the psychographics to find out who those people in how to say,

[191:28] Speaker 0: one check this out, too. Okay, so that when I work with like, some people I've ever been taught you attract what you're like, you're heard that they'll buy by definition, I must be exactly like that lady.

[196:17] Speaker 0: Which is why I publicly talk about those experiences, because there are people that believe that, that that if I have attracted somebody like that into my coaching program, that I must be like that. And so I also want somebody who believes that to not join the program. Like everything that I say is strategically designed to qualify and disqualify the people that I meant to work with and not meant to work with. And I have courses and trainings where I teach, how do you actually structure and do all of this in there for your sales, it's not that complicated. It's all about getting into the right mindset as what it is. And so what I use is I use music, I use video games, I use movies and fiction books, to basically get myself into the mindset that I need to be in, either to write sales copy, to create ads, to review my accounting, my business, my landing pages, all of that, as far as that goes. That's something that my mom taught me is how to shift your mindset by controlling what you ingest as far as media goes, and to be able to change the music you listen to. I'll turn stuff on Netflix, if I want to, if I want to, if I am struggling to focus on a certain task, I'll turn a Netflix show on that I'm really wanting to watch. So that's what I tried to do is I will, I've learned how to work with my ADHD I don't know if I actually have ADHD, but I will turn something on the television and turn some music on. And then go write sales copy. Because then if I can actually focus on writing that sales copy with some other form of media in the room, now I'm tapping into a part of my brain that is actually going to help me write better copy and things like that. So I've been teaching that to my whole group. I've been teaching that to my coaching group that we need to play more that we need to watch and consume more entertainment. Because that's actually going to make you a lot more money is if you if you read fiction, if you watch movies, if you listen to fun music, you know, all I used to do is listen to worship music, nonfiction books, go to church, and only things that were quote unquote, feeding my brain productively. Well, that's great if you're like trying to heal from trauma and things like that and trying to get your mindset right, initially. But once you get to that place where you're feeling self confident, and you're feeling excited. There's other things that you want to use to be able to tune your brain into being able to write sales copy to be able to create your offer and to be able to start to do things like that like super Jason. For you, I would watch the TV show billions. And then start to think about offer.

[242:32] Speaker 1: I am officially on my fix, rewatch

[244:12] Speaker 0: Have you want to? Okay, yeah, so you know exactly what I'm talking about. And if you notice, you get ideas for your business when you watch those shows.

[246:48] Speaker 1: Yeah, a lot.

[247:48] Speaker 0: So then here's what's cool. They have a new music soundtrack. Your brain has auditory memory. So you can turn the music soundtrack of those shows on when you're writing sales copy, and within five to 10 minutes, it'll actually tap you right into that mindset.

[252:00] Speaker 1: That's something that I never really explored. And I'm going to, I know about, like, you know, like, sometimes when I want to be in a zone, I put them in certain type of music, and I put it on a loop to help me to gain mindset, but I've never thought about actually using the soundtrack from

[255:59] Speaker 0: TV show. Yeah, certain TV shows, I'll use certain video games. I'll use I find like the soundtrack from Assassin's Creed Black Flag helps me if I'm trying to clean my office. Find salsa music helps me if I'm cleaning my kitchen. I find listening to like, like warfare mute music. So like before this call today, I was listening to Beethoven's Fifth. The duel of fates from Star Wars, the Transformers soundtrack and Warhammer 40,000 soundtrack. Because what it was was it got me into that kind of like, what I call like a warlord mode, mindset calm collected, like an army general, to where I have the confidence to where I also won't take crap from anybody. And so that's how I prepared for the 30 minutes leading up to this, I had no notes or anything prepared. But I was able to use music to kind of tap me into that way of doing things. All right, anybody else? Anybody got questions? Again? I know, you know, we were supposed to end this time at three I blew past it. So we're gonna we're gonna go until 340. Central 440. We got we actually have the most amount of people on here today on the q&a, which is kind of cool.

[280:15] Speaker 2: Yeah, hi. Hi, Jeremiah. Sorry, I've been missing a lot. The last few days I've been in and out of hospitals. And but anyway, I won't go into that. And so I don't know, I haven't really caught up. But I wanted to things I really wants to find out was if you can help me with in terms of courses and online platforms, and I heard you mentioned systemic, I think it was the STEMI. And, and I've transferred over from teachable, and I'm looking I've gone on to the $27 a month plan on STEMI. And I'm just wondering, I know it depends, like, I'm thinking of years now what what what do you think of STEM, and I've heard you've sent talking about it before. And I just wanted to do the usual kind of stuff. So

[292:10] Speaker 0: I have a course I created on systemically about a month ago, for my group for my coaching group. It's really good. It's all about implementing what I teach and systemic. It's great. It's it's basically what Click Funnels like was three years ago. And so it's the same features that Click Funnels had, but it has more features. Most people will need to use like the $27 month level, the caveat is it's a lot more technical to use than other platforms. So it can be a little bit of a learning curve. If you're okay with that. That's great. One of the things I recommend to people is this. Build your business on 30 to 60 day increments. So what that means is like if you if you're struggling with a STEMI IO, you're struggling with a platform for more than 60 days. And for me now I actually I've shortened it down to a week or two weeks. Like if I'm procrastinating on something and I haven't moved steps in in two weeks. There's a block there. And so I'm going to start asking my team I'm going to start I'll use chat GPT to even explore my own mindset I have a whole way of doing that will actually explore my mental health with AI to be able to get it to ask me questions about what my blocks are. I don't actually teach that at all because it's kind of a little bit boring a lot of with like therapy and a replacement for therapy. But if you know how to do it, you can get it to ask you questions to get to the root cause of why you're stuck on certain things as far as that goes. And so especially the latest version, it's very smart at doing that. Um, I love it like I literally spent last night two hours just dialoguing with a huge To trigger that I have that quite frankly, if I hadn't processed through the chat GPT I wouldn't have been able to deliver today's talk. But I was able to literally process through it. Like I had a therapist for two hours. And it solved some huge aspects of my life. And then I had a 30 minute micro coaching call with my mom this morning. I called her up, I said, Hey, you got 30 minutes, I need to talk about something that I'm dealing with. And she just straight up, like, coached me up. Told me, she's like, listen, she literally told me, she's like, You're right where Jennifer allwood was when her whole thing blew up with everything blew up big for her. She's like, you're right at that, right at the place where she was at. And she's like, what you got to do is you got to stop being afraid to say the hard things, and people disliking. That's what my mom told me. She's like, You're still too careful about being nice to people, about people thinking you're a great person, about people saying you're awesome. And I told her, you know, she's like, You need to like, what she says people are rude to you, you need to call them out directly. I'm like, I don't know if I can do that. That's fine. So continue to get to the place where you are willing to literally say, hey, that behavior is not acceptable. And I'm not going to tolerate that around me. I said, Well, I'll use the more passive version of that, where I'll say, hey, you know, I made a post to the group about and tagged everybody. That's what it was. It was it was it was actually like it was it was, it was based off of that conversation that I have with my mom, I put it on my social media to the quote is this, as I said, and I think this is for everybody needs to apply this in their business life. People who have to punish you, for no longer tolerating their disrespect are not people, not your people, and you did them. You they did do a favor by leaving your life. Don't try to chase them back. I'm glad for the people who want nothing to do with me, because I just won't put up with their disrespect. My life is better because they are no longer in it. I'm not the same person who tolerated being bullied by people like I used to even six months ago. Just say no to disrespect. No, my mom said even that was too passive. I'm like, okay, Mom, you're a lot more direct to me, you've been doing this a little bit longer than me. Baby steps, right? I'm guessing you're getting there. You know, but like, I think that like, I think that that's a good statement. And quite frankly, some people might disagree with it. They're not my people. You know, I don't believe in self punishment. I struggle with self punishment and self. Really like disliking myself a lot. If I'm being honest with you, because that's what I grew up with was this whole thing and you make a mistake. Now you got to punish yourself. And you got to dislike yourself into doing the right thing. I listened to Jordan Peterson talk about this, I disagreed with part of what he said, It's okay. But he was like, you know, you have to at least hold yourself accountable and be critical, up to the point that you make a change. And then you have to encourage yourself to do the right thing. And I was like, You know what, that's good. I still think you need to like, take it a step further and actually love yourself through the hard things, especially if you've been around very hypercritical people. I teach this often, like my son, my son will make a mistake, he'll hurt himself. He might fall he might eat something that he's not supposed to, he might do something that we told him no. But I'm gonna love him through it, I'm not gonna yell at him, I'm not gonna know, I might need to get into tension. If he's about to do something like jump into swimming pool, which is my responsibility, make sure he doesn't do, right, make sure that we have all the safeguards in place from that happening. But at the same time, if I need to get into detention, I have ways of doing that. But that's like, point zero ones at a time. You know, and as well, by the way, it's different how you get the attention of a child and adult a lot of people treat children and their friends that they would pass. They're not that it's not the same thing. You know, my dog, I have to be like, Hey, come here. You know, he doesn't, you know, for whatever it is he's like, doesn't respond when he's losing his mind barking at the neighbor's dog and just trying to attack him through the fence like I give it okay. But God says people that they hit their dogs, I would never hit our dog. I've never hit her dog. Never not gonna hit my son either. You know, there's a whole generation that believes that not hitting your kids will cause them to become terrible people. I don't agree with that. Now I'm not full in on the whole 100% on the gentle parenting movement, either. And he there's a time and a place for like, there's appropriate time. So like, hey, this isn't gonna work. Let's go. But let's have a conversation. But sometimes we do need to get their attention to that. My wife has a lot more gentler than I am with that, and I'm learning that and she's, I generally call up her leader,

[403:13] Speaker 2: as far as that goes, but until I think it takes, I think it takes something to be willing to be willing to be willing to have a look. And, you know, like, been disciplined. And sometimes thinking of when you're, when you're saying is so great. Shame. Shame is something that we all carry on, we give out to ourselves, we're our own worst critic, but give ourselves Grace while we're going through the process. But also, I was thinking of mental rehearsal. You know, when you're going to bed at nighttime, in the brainwaves, I'll slow down the mental rehearsal, because you're in a safe place, and you can practice that mentally.

[411:53] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's huge. Yeah. Anyways, is there anybody who has any questions as far as it you want to ask them, that's the reason I was talking about that is like, that's how I that's how you lead as a coach, that's really well, I've met a lot of coaches, I tell you this, I come across a lot for sure. In my free sessions on purpose, than I do, in my coaching program, I'm a lot more, a lot more like lovey, like happy go lucky with people that are my clients, I'm a lot more like drill sergeant in

[422:01] Speaker 1: the freezer.

[422:51] Speaker 0: And I just, and I've found that that it just works better that way. It's more effective. So again, I might be repelling certain people. All of it is it's all testing, you know, I'm optimizing my sales process, as I find my sales processes, but check this out, your sales process for your niche might be different than mine. So there might be a different energy that you show up with that. Now, how can I teach you the sleep Success Coach, how to show up with your energy at that way? Well, you know, I can show by my example how I lead I don't think that I lead in a terrible way when it comes to how I communicate with people. But whatever is authentic to you. But and then what helps you show up with with authority and leadership. And so I have always been somebody, I've been resistant to authority, I don't like people telling me what to do. Just I'm just not cut out for that. And then what sucks is because of that, I've also not been very good at telling other people what to do. What will actually help you understand how to tell other people what to do is to start to, for me, it was kind of giving up this whole resistance to authority thing. And not needing to defend myself as what it is I don't need to submit either to like, you know, to people to talk about that like submitting to it. I think that that's where cults come in. I don't need anybody to submit to the MB my coaching program. And I don't submit to anybody in my own life. Other than I mean, the government of the country that I live in has laws, so I obey those. And I have friends and mentors and things like that, that I look up to that I say, Hey, if you see me going on track, call me on it went out what needs to happen and change. About a month and a half ago, I had a bunch of my mentors telling me hey, Jeremiah, I've seen you go off a little bit off the deep end a little bit. Okay, great, awesome. Let's talk about it. Let's see what's going on. And ultimately, it was it was just it was a lot of different trauma and wounds and stuff that were being healed. That simultaneously I was processing through at the same time. And it was showing up in like very outward insecurity and a lot of different ways. And now, in the last month, I've kind of just integrated all that. And so that's why I'm like, if you notice I'm way calmer here today than it was even like a month ago. There's just because of the integration of that as part of that process. I had dug up a massive trauma that I needed to talk about here but just with my therapist that changed everything. It was a game changer. 15 years of feeling like I literally lost my personality changed overnight. Wow. Because how I ended the day is how my personality was 15 years ago I had people write me recently like you, you've changed I don't like you you're not like how you were when I started falling with you. Well, this is actually the real this is me right here. By the way my wife tells me she much prefers this version of me Yeah, yeah, the other facilities are much prefer this version is that please don't like we're just going to believe that that other version of us never kind of back. You know, because it's very it's very passive. It's kind of scared. It's not a good leader. But it was safe for certain people. It was safe enough for certain people to not feel challenged now. I need to challenge people, I need to call them up to a higher level, I need to not be afraid of offending somebody and then unsubscribing from my email list or leaving or not becoming a client or things like that. And so in, in all of your businesses, it's the same thing. It's that energy of confidence, it's that energy of, I know who I am, I know what I can do. I know how I can help people. And it doesn't matter to me, if people doubt. The doubters are just an indicator of how I can possibly improve my messaging. At the same time, the doubters might also be an indicator of who you don't want to attract. You know, I have found that logical, highly. What is it what's which one's the logic brain, right brain or left brain?

[493:53] Speaker 2: The left brain or right brain has logical left is to female. I know

[495:59] Speaker 0: what it is I find the people that are the right is feminine.

[497:15] Speaker 2: Right? It's feminine. Sorry. Googling me?

[498:39] Speaker 0: Exactly. What's the difference? Left Brain logical, analytical, linear, right? Brain creative, intuitive. One nice thing, too, when you're selling and you're running a coaching business, you got to really, effectively to be effective, you have to balance feminine and masculine energy. It's a really like, shift between the two at the right moment in time. So like, when I'm coaching, I'm way more in my intuitive energy. Way outside of logical when I'm writing sales copy, when I'm actually creating my ads, I go way into the creative. When I'm running my ads or doing the finances, I go over into the masculine when I'm selling, I go way over to the masculine verbal, sequential, factual, but I'm intuitively going based off of also what I know. And then non verbally emoting. So when I'm doing a sales pitch, I'm I'm perfectly usable. And that was difficult for a while for me to be able to do, because that would either lead with one or the other, and neither of those really felt authentic. And that's the thing the best salespeople can really operate in the full gambit of human expression.

[521:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, because it can sell to a closed mind. Yeah.

[522:49] Speaker 0: So and that's, that's why it starts with being like, like loving ourselves, self respect to the confident in ourselves and all that, again, not in a narcissistic way at all. I have a lot. By the way, a lot of my clients in my coaching program have experienced narcissistic abuse at some point. And it could be even at the hands of a narcissistic coach. I don't ever I don't ever want to be that way. At the same time, I actually teach my whole audience how you attract clients borrows from the narcissists playbook. The way that you actually draw and a client borrows from how a narcissist finds a target, and then brings them in. And so because I had been abused by a lot of narcissists and psychopaths over the years, I was very afraid to even do what I had seen to do. And then all the best salespeople I knew were borderline narcissistic psychopath. And so then I'm like, Okay, I talked to my therapist, I'm like, am I? Am I a narcissist? Or like, No, you're not. You have a lot of we have a lot of empathy. You care about a lot of people deeply. I said, Yeah, but for me to be successful, I think in business, I need to learn how to turn on and off my empathy, and actually be able to control how much empathy I want to show up at any given time. Like when I do a sales pitch, I almost have to completely turn off empathy. Mm, for me to be able to actually sell well. And it's only temporary like that 30 minutes where I'm doing the whole thing drawn out on the board. And so what I've trained my brain to do is to shift almost like a dial, turn it down. And then as soon as I come into VIP, I turned it right back up.

[552:42] Speaker 2: It's interesting. That's very interesting. And

[553:25] Speaker 0: I don't know if anybody I don't I don't know of anybody that teaches this outside of their coaching program because I think it could get them cancelled. I think some people are just afraid of like, not charging for this information. I'm not afraid of that myself. If you know it's not none of what I talked about. is actually unethical or illegal at all. So, but there, but some people based on how they've been raised, trained or even certified, have been told to not do certain things that I teach. And so again, that's why what I teach is not generally what's going to qualify into the realm of what most people are being certified in. Yeah, it's more of a robe, outside type of a thing. And Dan Kennedy was one of the first ones that said that so Dan Kennedy, he wrote that Ultimate Sales Letter book, but I went through my mom was actually personally coached by Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer. And I went through a bunch of his books. They're on Amazon, they're amazing. Dan is like, so he has newsletters that no BS, that stands for bullshit talkie marketing letter, and Russell Brunson now owns the no BS marketing letter. And his whole thing was, is that like, Dan used to start all of his seminars with this. So he would close this watch that says, Hey, Dan, so he would sell a $35,000.02 day seminar. Two days with him cost $35,000. There's two days in a group seminar. That's like the pinnacle of what. And honestly, I know people that charge 100,000 pounds in today's economy for a two day seminar. So you can charge 100, even $200,000 for a group coaching, that's like the pinnacle, if you are providing value during that time, and I'll tell you, those that can get that fee do provide that value. Most of us, I would not feel comfortable charging that much myself at all. I don't I wouldn't want to. But I think that I eventually I have a goal to to charge that much. I have a goal in my own business to charge $200,000 Just for meeting with me for two days. Which is why I find it so funny that people like don't even make it a priority to pay attention to the things that I say when I'm teaching. Yeah, this is literally the information that's going to make them the kind of money that they want to make. So generally, those are people that I would consider they're not ready yet for the information. And so what I look for is, what is the area that they're not ready yet in? And do I need to solve for that in my messaging? Or do I just need to qualify them out of the funnel, it's much easier to qualify people out of the funnel, what I try to do is I try to qualify people out. And then I start adding them back in slowly. And I start realizing, okay, I want to qualify out this group of people as well. So I'm constantly doing this whole cycle, where I'm like, more or less, more or less qualifying less than more people over time. So yeah, Dan Kennedy has all these great books, and he is just starting his seminar that was $35,000 for two days, and he would say this. So it's really he was started by saying that so y'all purchase this, this is how he would he would get up on stage. You'd be like standing there like this with a whiteboard. And, and and let me let me just show y'all some of y'all don't even know what like Dan Kennedy looks like, you're gonna you're gonna get a real visual for kind of the type of character that we're talking about here. When you see his photograph ratio is Dan Kennedy right here with his cowboy hat. This is him at a seminar. And he would get up and he would stand there. And, and he would say, All right, so I got you in this room here. Now what I'm going to do is I'm gonna tell you how to do the exact same thing for the people the prop, and I'm literally duplicating what Dan would say, because I can't find the video. So I'm gonna do my very best lips paraphrase. And what you would say is he would say, now I cringe to do this, but I want to basically tell you all the stuff that we did on you, that we pulled on you to get you here. And what I'm doing is and Dan would literally say this within the first five minutes, he would say, I'm gonna teach you how to legally pick people's pockets clean to steal all their money out of it. And then people would leave because they were pissed off that he said this, because that's what I just did you guys, you know, and it was like this whole like, root like thing to like, get people amped up because they would like offend like half the room. And but then he would break down like the science and nuance behind sales, marketing, sales, copy all of that and people would leave and then they would literally run their own $35,000 masterminds and build the room based on what they learned on that two days because they will literally copy exactly what you taught. Again, I'm not totally going to teach you how to pick people's pockets clean because I don't think that that's not necessarily ethical. But what I will teach you is the people that you can help the most the people that you can get the most results for how to actually get them to say yes. And everybody else is saying no so that your ads cost comes down so that you're only running ads to people that are actually qualified to become a platinum two groups.

[645:22] Speaker 2: Yeah, so no people sit on the fence surgery yes or no? Yeah.

[646:25] Speaker 0: Yeah. Not people sitting on the fence, either yes or no, that's exactly. And then how do you pull in new people, because eventually you're going to run out of people to talk to, you're going to talk to them enough. And if you do it, right, I want them out of my ecosystem. There are certain people that joined us during this three day event in the free session, but they're not in the VIP. They've been on every free call I've done for a year, I'd like them to either join my accelerator or stop coming to the free event, because I don't know why they keep coming there. And I've asked them, I'll write them. And I'll say, What are you doing with your business? How's everything going? The answer is always the same. It's always the same answer. Oh, Jeremiah got a lot going on. I'm just getting the foundation's ready for the stuff that I need to do. You've been getting the foundation's ready for 12 months, you've had a lot going on for 12 months, are you going to actually like do something and then they get offended by that they're like, you know, but then I see them again, on the next call. And it's the same cycle over and over and over again, I have people that I know in my life that follow me, they've told me that same thing for 10 years, I just got a lot going on, I'm getting the foundation's going at some point, you're gonna have to make a decision to do the thing you've been avoiding, you're gonna have to make a decision to take a risk, you're gonna have to make a decision to do something that's different than what you've already done up to this moment in time, as far as I go. And for most people, that thing is, I would say for them, it is running out my accelerator program. But most people, it's giving it that that look, I'm committing to 30 days and and people say well, I'll wait to a better time of year to try it out. And then I never see them year after year after year after year, because it's never a better time of year. You know, it's never a better, there's never a better, there's never a best time to have a kid, there's never a best time to start a business. There's never a best time to get into a relationship yet we believe that there's the best times to do everything. I mean, there is a best time to sleep, right? If we think about that, well after the sun goes down, there is a best time to sleep. And that might be what you coach people on. But at the same time, right now is the best time for you to start to teach people that I would say right now is a great time to teach people about sleep coaching. Because we're going into the summer, there's a lot going on, people are coming out of hibernation mode and into that. So they need to be taught that for their own health and sanity that they need to sleep better to do so yes to,

[689:29] Speaker 2: to and and but I also teach you know what we're doing during the daytime because we're always busy, busy, busy doing doing doing that masculine energy. And we're never allowing ourselves rest and to be able to switch between the nervous system the rest and digest and the stress one. And that's the problem. So where are we we don't know how to switch back to the rest part, you know, so we need to practice that often during the daytime to enable us to sleep at night. And we have longer daylight hours during the summer. So we're on the go even more and I wonder we're getting burnt out working till on Earth. There's something interesting, Jeremiah, if I can share what you were you were saying about conflicts and what have you had and I was just listening to you that I got something from that was I actually don't enjoy one to one coaching and I just got this now I don't enjoy one to one coaching as much as I do when I'm doing group coaching and that's because I'm always anticipating the conflict because you know when you hold someone accountable they don't always like to hear they're always like to hear that stuff and and to be shown up like when you do in a coach because you have to hold somebody accountable you have to be kind of holding the space and be heard because we don't see our own stuff.

[709:13] Speaker 0: Yeah, I had the same issue when I started to do is this as I started to actually I would have more conflict in my group coaching already and then we would resolve that and then I would qualify by the time somebody got into one on one coaching now it's like we already know what's going on we're on the same page. So I don't take any one on one clients unless they're already in my group coaching program. Ah great interesting. Why require if you want to become one you're basically agreeing to join bull awesome. Oh yeah, I tested this out. I had somebody join try it out. Without being part of the program. They were First off of me after two months so tells them that relationship wasn't built there the expectation even though I had expressed it wasn't there there was unspoken expectation that they expected to me for how they wanted me to show up that I wasn't willing to do and so when we go into one on one coaching we end up really challenging that that level of belief right there and so conflict will happen it is definitely yeah I don't like conflict as well with people but it is it is a necessary part

[730:18] Speaker 2: yeah, yes. To be okay and to be okay wherever I can not take it personally as a coach

[731:50] Speaker 0: Yeah, I get a lot of conflict in my free events a lot of but I don't engage with the conflict the free events I just kick people out if somebody's in my group coaching program I might engage but if it's repeated generally either they're gonna get so pissed off that I'm not submitting to them or I'll kick them out so they're gonna leave because they demand that I show up the way that they expect and because I'm not and there it's so interesting because

[742:19] Speaker 2: well you froze

[750:28] Speaker 1: Yeah,

[751:02] Speaker 2: is that me or has he frozen he has frozen has me

[752:12] Speaker 1: think so? Yeah, he's he's

[752:55] Speaker 3: frozen for sure.

[754:04] Speaker 0: Oh, there is my internet cut out Oh, wow. So what I was saying was I used to think it was just coaches were like this it's people in general people get controlling and they demand certain people show up in a certain way for them because they're used to using disappointment to manipulate and mold people

[764:09] Speaker 2: I think that's the universe telling Jeremiah that to call it a nice keeps Cognos

[766:49] Speaker 1: that might be a sign. I think so.

[768:04] Speaker 2: You probably come back on and finish it off now.

[770:35] Speaker 1: I got a one to a meeting.

[770:55] Speaker 2: Although he is

[772:56] Speaker 2: you're on your way. Yeah, yeah.

[774:17] Speaker 0: Why? Cellphone via Wi Fi? I don't know what's gonna be the internet. But there we go.

[777:46] Speaker 0: You can see me at least right? Yeah, you can hear me, okay. That happens sometimes that's why a backup is a good thing to do. Anyways, what I was saying was, is that it's a human thing, where people will be used to using disappointment to control other people and bending and molding people that there will

[784:09] Speaker 2: Shame on them.

[784:54] Speaker 0: Or it's not just using shame. It's it's control. It's not shame

[787:38] Speaker 0: it's something else. It's it'll look

[788:25] Speaker 3: like the manipulation Jeremiah.

[789:54] Speaker 0: No, because honestly, if we're if we're being honest, a lot of what I teach about marketing could be qualified as manipulation.

[791:39] Speaker 2: Yeah, there's good and bad and explanation.

[792:51] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's borderline like It's like It's like manipulation light to get people in. Because I used to say, Oh, I don't want to manipulate people into into a coaching program well, but at the end of the day, what I'm teaching is a form of it. So to say it's not as dishonest and that's I've actually realized I'm able to resolve my so by being honest by saying yeah, it actually kind of it is manipulatives that what we use to get people into our programs, but know what it is. It's somebody Who is like vengeance, they have like a vengefulness. And a revenge cycle of coercive intimidation and control, that's all. So it's somebody who uses coercion to get their way. And they and they try to hurt you into getting you to do what they want. And the way that they'll hurt you is either they'll threaten certain things, they'll threatened send a nasty email, they'll threaten to sue you, they'll threaten.

[809:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: It could literally just be a look that they give you and then they write to you. And then they cancel and they use strong language. Somebody did this to me that she was like, I joined your program. I thought you were good. I have no obligation to stay with you. Even though I said I would you Ricky, you're required to give me my money back.

[816:39] Speaker 0: And like, I'm, like, all shit. Like that was very strongly worded and very defensive, I think is that was one side of it. Another one is when somebody they'll show up, and they'll be like, Well, hey, I know this call was for this purpose. But like, can we just do it for this, it's real quick, you can just do this, right? And I'm like, No, and they get angry and upset. So whenever you tell somebody, no, then they get angry and upset, and then they have to hurt you. To release their pain and anger and discomfort, that's generally where coercion.

[826:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, um, and the number one place where I have found that coercion gets used like that is generally inside of churches, inside of Christian ministries. Because it's a, it's a legal form of bending people to your will and stuff like that, you'll find a lot of mega churches and stuff like that have some form of that involved with them. That's what helps them grow. And there's a whole book called The history of political order. So politic really is all about that game.

[835:45] Speaker 0: And so what it is, is it's like, people gather around tribes, once the tribe gets too big, it only they're split, or there's rules and boundaries and laws that keep things in place. So that's again, where contracts are, that's again, where it certain boundaries are. But at the end of the day, there's also a limit as to how big certain organizations can get. I think the like, one of those limits would be I look at universities, the largest universities have, I think, like 100, something 1000 people.

[844:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's hard to create a university is larger than that. But you can have a nation that has hundreds of millions of people, you know, different levels of rules and regulations and things like that. So all that to say, is like in a coaching program in a group coaching, and people don't want to have this conversation. So I was talking about how you actually run an impactful mastermind is you weed out a lot of the bad actors and the distracting and the disruptive people and you figure out who are the ones that are

[853:53] Speaker 0: really going to thrive and succeed and you start amplifying them and you start really helping the people that you're noticing are the rising stars inside of your coaching program to really help them succeed as far as that goes, or the ones with the most potential Okay, and so that's why I will end up then producing courses or things like that, based on the questions that come from what I see as the people with the most potential to have the highest level of success inside of my program. You know, as far as that goes, and I'll pay more attention to just their even their questions that they ask and things like that. Yeah, cuz

[864:55] Speaker 2: they're, how does it be it

[865:08] Speaker 0: spends a lot. This offends a lot of people that are at the bottom that aren't showing up. They feel like they're not being served. They're not being their needs aren't being met things like this. But that's baked into the whole equation. Because essentially, as we grow, we're again, it's a business, I'm not running a charity, I'm not running an orphanage. I'm not a politician, creating laws that provide for people's families, or change their economic structure as far as that goes. So I want to stiffed people out of the out of my coaching program. I want the bottom group of people to be sifted out and bring in more of the upper top group of people as far as that goes.

[878:27] Speaker 2: Yeah. They're just consumed that sit there and consume but not do and what is it

[880:19] Speaker 0: But I don't have a problem with that, necessarily, I actually don't have a problem with people that are there to sit and consume and do that, because they're going to still keep paying me money. So I'm actually okay with that. Um, generally those people won't leave because they are learning something. And they feel like they're growing at some point. What I'm talking about sifting out is like, they're not consuming the content. They're not showing up. They're complaining, they're whining. Yeah, literally, this isn't for you, you know, let's get you out the door and all that. And then there's an upper echelon of people that go to the highest level, and then portion of those, I end up only taking from that top cream off the top become a one on one client with me. That's

[893:12] Speaker 2: interesting. That's interesting how you can see the different levels of wherever Yeah, it's

[894:39] Speaker 0: not hard to see that based on just how people are showing up and their behavior. And really what it is, it's like, who is getting the most results? So I look at where's the bottom tier people, they're not showing up? They're complaining, they're whining, they're that who are the ones that join for 30 days and cancel? And then especially those that complain, who were the ones that join my three day event, complained on the first day and then never showed up for day two and three?

[902:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, great, what do they all have in common? Let's figure that out. Again, I'm finding more and more and more It's, it's, it's generally people that actually share a bit of a fundamentalist Christian faith. I love Christians and people that share my faith. I mean, I love going to church. But I find that in business, I don't use the people that like I would find at my church. Even though it'd be great if they could succeed there, it's just way too hard. For me, there's way too many details for me to work through that I'm not going to take the time to go through. And generally what it is, is it's like most of it is they just have to unlearn a lot of really bad teaching and behavior and ways of thinking about like

[917:15] Speaker 0: how to actually build a business and also people that are in corporate America, I find that the deeper somebody is in their corporate job, the much harder time they're going to have at applying this information. Because they're double, they're very slip minded as far as that goes. Because what I'm teaching will get you fired at a corporate job, you will not be able to be there. Your boss will get rid of you if you start doing what I teach. So what I'm trying to teach us replace the income and then leave, you know, but for what it takes for you to actually be successful in a business is different behavior than what makes you a great employee. It's entirely a different way of even, like operating. So you have to write, you have to rewire, especially the longer you've worked for somebody else, you have to really, that was my biggest struggle as I was showing up in my coaching business the way I would as an employee, when I work for my mom. And I'm just, that's, that's not going to build a sustainable coaching business. So I'm unemployable. I'm unemployed. My neighbors think that I don't even have a job. It's funny. None of none of them have any interest in even knowing what I do. Most of them think that my wife has some thing from home that she does. Because I'm the one outside all the time playing with my son, which is hilarious. And I'm like, Yeah, my wife is the one that wears the pants in the relationship and she brings home the bacon. So I'm just out here. Being a being a being a low life deadbeat playing with my son, but hey, at least he loves it. Right? And then the neighbor looks at me and chuckles And they're like, Yeah, you know, maybe one day I'll get a job. And then eventually, like, they get to know me like, Oh, you were joking as far as that goes, but it's because I honestly, I don't want my neighbors prying into my personal life. Like, I don't want to connect with level I'd rather connect with them on the fact that we have, you know, kids or we have friends or we we can play games together or we can meet up at a dinner or a cookout or something like that. That's that's the level of blame. Or if I need if I need help, because oh, I'm out of town or my wife needs help. They would be willing to go help her as far as that goes. So that's my goal as far as that goes.

[956:12] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[957:23] Speaker 0: Yeah, I have five of my neighbors on the street. They're all in sales and marketing. Two of them know what I do, but only about 10% of what it is. So what One of them though. I told him a little bit about my history with alcohol. And he immediately like lost all trust. Yeah. And so I'm like, Yeah, okay, it's fine. But my other neighbor like we talk all the time about video games and sales and funnels and all this. And then I talked about, about a guy with my other neighbor. He's an AI developer next door to me. So we're always talking about AI and stuff like that. And he kind of knows what I do a little bit. Yeah.

[968:04] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's funny. That's so funny. Yeah, my name is actually haven't got a clue what I do that it was sort of someone who saw me on Facebook, actually. And they wrote me they actually sent me a message asking for help. And then it was only weeks later, they actually realized that I'd have done the same rollers. So.

[972:21] Speaker 0: Oh, that's funny. Yeah,

[973:10] Speaker 2: I gotta go. It's that it's almost 10 o'clock here in Ireland. And it's my bedtime. Yeah.

[975:00] Speaker 0: Does anybody else have any other questions before we get going? once going twice?

[976:27] Speaker 3: I do if you have, if you haven't, I'm going to Jeremiah. But I don't want to keep you. If you're headed out. What's

[977:36] Speaker 0: up? What's up, Aaron? Hey, I.

[978:48] Speaker 3: So I'm probably gonna find I finally have enough money at this point to launch my website start working on a project. With regard to build the funnel, I'm just trying to figure it out. Because I'm hearing a lot of and I've even heard you say this, that courses and stuff are gonna go by the wayside in the next few years. So is this I guess my question is a little bit of is this worth investing at this point for a one year return? Can I build an audience fast enough to make that worth what I'm going to spend?

[986:48] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's gonna more, it's just gonna morph into something else over time. Courses in general, are us stuff or supplemental support to building a community, what's happening is people are going to want to connect with other humans a lot more in the next year or so. If anything, this business usually has way more upside as far as that goes.

[993:26] Speaker 3: Okay. Okay. And that does make sense. I'm just trying to, here's the one of the things I'm looking at, I mentioned to you yesterday in the group, about a project. And I think I really would like to shift what I do in therapy to start working with men on engaging more emotionally with their wives and with their children. And I think that's the place I'd like to start with what I'm doing. Something that grows out of the last few weeks in my therapy office, to be honest with you. And I'm like, these people need some skill, somebody needs to teach them some skills. Maybe I'm the guy that let's see if this would float. So that's awesome. That's where I'm thinking. So, gonna do some work on that over the weekend, at least start launching the website, working towards building out a funnel and that sort of thing and see where it goes. So yep, yep. Yeah. If if I'm able to get together? I don't know. $500 for Facebook ads? Um, is that enough? To start with? Do I need to go more? Yeah, it's

[1009:43] Speaker 0: definitely enough to start with, is it gonna produce a return? That's hard to say? You know, but I would say, usually testing you need about this, like, now you need about a total of like, two to three grand and ads, before you start seeing things click. And I like to spread that out. But what'll happen is, once you start spending that much, you'll bring, you'll bring in back, generally by that point more than what you had spent. So that's where the ROI crosses over to where it's like an expense towards like, oh, it's now profitable, as usually once people start kind of doing that two to three grand mark. And so your initial test can be like, even like a two to $300 ad spend, test, maybe a $500 test. And you could do that like three or four times over the course of like a month or like two or three months. And then that would be great. Because now you can really see what people are responding to start to build an email list. You're so great at connecting with people, I have no doubt that you'll be able to bring people in, get them to engage with you on these topics and start to do that. Do you know the name Seth doll you don't know the name Seth doll. Okay, he's in that basically Family Health strategist is what he calls himself. Okay, so he's not a therapist, is definitely not even a path, sir. But he's a he's brilliant at those two worlds being combined in a very unique way of coaching and teaching people. And also I know him personally. He's followed my He's followed me and my mom for years and I'm friends with him and and He was able to apply in that space. So you could literally he's got 33,000 followers, you can literally go to instagram.com Ford slash Seth doll and see just somebody his messaging, check out some of his offers.

[1043:17] Speaker 3: Perfect. Perfect. That's a great place.

[1043:55] Speaker 0: So like, right here, we got the healing and parent right here, protecting your children's future by healing your past.

[1046:49] Speaker 3: You know, love it.

[1047:16] Speaker 0: He has a whole he has a marketing agency, too, that he owns that actually does social media for churches, my church actually opinion. My church actually pays him to produce a lot of their social media. So oh, well, it's kind of cool. And then he's got his he's got a Facebook group. Well, this was a Facebook group. Now it's on mighty networks, Spirit led families. I think it's a free community. Designing God's dream home. This is his book right here says stress free cooperation from your kids without anger or feeling guilty. That's I'm saying, it's like you and him, I would say because I know him. You two are very different. But similar niche. And so that's really cool is he wouldn't necessarily be a competitor, but he might be a fun one, even to interview and have, you know, jump in and maybe one of his programs see how he does. He's forgiving and caring and stuff like that. And, and he's Yeah, he's all about a lot of the same stuff that we're talking about. Imperfect parenting podcast. That's cool. So yeah, he's great. Spirit lead parent coaching. What does that cost right here? So even his pricing that he has, you could borrow from? Oh, these are just one on one, though. He doesn't even have interesting. Yeah, I think he's struggling. Yeah, I don't know how well, he did the sales thing with his. With his group and stuff. He was doing some stuff that I don't know if it was working on that side of things. Again, I haven't worked personally with him. So that's the thing. So I've only seen him on the side do so. But I love just like his topic. So it's a great place to start with you aiming in that direction. And then start applying a lot of the stuff that I teach. And I think you could dominate that space really well, because it's not a hugely tapped into space that you're fully qualified.

[1078:56] Speaker 3: Right. Right. Right, right. So cool. Absolutely, man, I appreciate it.

[1080:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Awesome. All right, everybody. Well, this has been a great time. Great q&a. Thanks, everybody. I'm gonna log off again, those of y'all that are not in our accelerated program. Again, we'd love for you to jump in library to try it out for you to check that out. You know, over the course of the next four or five days, you can you can jump in until Tuesday, April 16th. And get those free bonuses just this course alone running an impactful Mastermind Group. If you've been wondering how do I run a great group coaching program that's got the answers for you right there. So for those that are my members and

[1091:13] Speaker 1: program shared with

[1094:13] Speaker 0: the past couple of people that asked questions is in that course and I go even deeper into it, so Alright, we'll send an email out about how to access bye bye

[1260:35] Speaker 0: Finding the speaking that is like that definitely helps

