VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-04-11T20:38:16.000Z
Duration: 65 min
Otter ID: xGYhARzyk9hsCTMGG2QeFYqsC98
---

[5:26] Speaker 0: Survival planning

[11:21] Speaker 0: all right

[13:36] Speaker 0: Hello hello hello welcome in an overview Hope y'all are doing well right

[20:38] Speaker 0: that was live that would have felt like it was pre recorded I bet some people missed because I was getting I was in the moment I did interact with you I'll probably get some mass email but you said it was live and it was pre recorded because you may answer that question

[25:33] Speaker 1: and look at the questions are date stamped and they look at the comments their date stamp, there's no way that was can I kept yessing you the whole time?

[27:48] Speaker 0: No, the comments weren't but no, they they it's because I didn't answer people's questions that might have been asked in the stream. It's because for me so for me to like stay in the flow. I like minimize the comments during the period of time. Anyways, what's going on y'all?

[33:54] Speaker 1: Yesterday was fired. Can't wait to learn more.

[34:38] Speaker 0: Yesterday was not today though. What do you want to learn? What are you what's going on?

[37:27] Speaker 1: So I'm like at the very startup stage. So I have content that I want to do for a podcast I need to know, even if you just refer me to a book or something, nuts and bolts of like, where to register how to publish that sort of thing.

[42:07] Speaker 0: Alright, well, I have about what's your purpose of the book? What are you trying to do with that?

[43:30] Speaker 1: Oh, no, I'm just saying if there's a how to book on how to launch a podcast or anything that you want to share?

[45:52] Speaker 0: A lot of stuff on that, again, YouTube is going to be where you're gonna want to go. Awesome.

[47:10] Speaker 1: Thank you. Yeah.

[48:47] Speaker 0: My podcast, what's the purpose of your podcast?

[50:07] Speaker 1: Well, I thought the podcast would be a great way to reach a public audience and could act as a funnel for the membership group as well as just creating awareness and brand recognition. And you will lose 10 to 15

[53:28] Speaker 0: people that you're connected with right now that have very large followings on social media that would happen on their podcast.

[55:24] Speaker 1: Not 10 to 15. But I do have a few.

[56:20] Speaker 0: Hey, yeah, so you want to have them on their podcast is almost completely useless. But growing a following. If you're not having guests consistently, every single week, it serves really well to maybe nurture existing connection with people. But as far as I'm marketing funnel as content to attract people, it's nearly like it's not that great at doing that, unless you already have a following already, then you can expand upon that or you are attaching yourself to somebody else about the following as far as that goes.

[65:41] Speaker 1: Okay. Well, then perhaps a better outlet for the content that I want to share would be inside the container of the membership.

[69:10] Speaker 0: Generally, it would be as far as that goes and then charging for that membership. Um, the then the question is, is how are we attracting people to the membership? How are we getting them to sign up for the membership?

[75:50] Speaker 0: I meet people every single day, they have every aspect of their business and content and all that built out and they have spent seven to 10 years doing so. And they make $0 But they're passionate, exceptional. And they got a lot of big ones. I don't want to see that big you robbing

[81:17] Speaker 1: me and either that's why I'm here.

[82:42] Speaker 0: So you got to you got to have a vehicle that drives traffic and attracts people to you are going to buy stuff from you. Not just people that want to consume content. There's a big difference between content consumers and purchasing. Does that make sense? It does, it

[89:59] Speaker 1: does. And I'm really glad to hear this because I needed to hear this, I thought that they would kind of flow into the other. But it sounds like it's the

[92:37] Speaker 0: fantasy that they did 15 to 20 years ago. And unfortunately, everybody's been kind of touting that same dream, and 15 to 20 years ago. It's kind of like, listen to this, how many y'all have heard the like the lie of go to college, and you'll instantly have a good job and taking care of your life. That's what they were touting 60 years ago, 75 years ago, because that was the truth. Now the internet marketing version of it is post a bunch of content, you'll have a successful business people will come in the door, it hasn't been that case for about 10 years.

[101:32] Speaker 1: Well, thanks for saving me some heartache, I appreciate it.

[102:24] Speaker 0: Yeah. And so content is helpful. If you have the other pieces working, content is more like gasoline on the fire. But you But gasoline by itself ain't going to do nothing, you still need to have kindling, you still need to have matches, or you need to have some way to take the sun through a magnifying glass and then websites sticks together at some point. Most people they got the gasoline, they got the kindling, they got all of that. But then all they're doing is is pouring rain on it. They're like, why is it not working, I have all the pieces. That's that's most people creating content. And yet, they're not ready, they're rubbing sticks together, lighting a match, you're doing that. And that's the sales and marketing etc. So the sales and marketing side is the part that's the most uncomfortable. And it's also the hardest to learn and to get really good at. But once you do get really good at it, it becomes really easy. Because then you're just like, oh, this was way easier than I thought. And so it's it's the it's the process of getting people to just like, it's what I said, it's that moment in time where they can't help themselves, but pay you. Let me ask you this question, Robin, have you ever felt manipulated into paying for something you didn't actually want?

[125:15] Speaker 1: Oh, sure.

[125:56] Speaker 0: Yeah, sucks.

[126:33] Speaker 1: When they ask you at Target, did you find everything you need? I think well, I didn't really need half of this. But here I am spinning ad.

[128:13] Speaker 0: Exactly. Well, that's great. Well, it's because Target knows exactly what we're talking about here today. If you walk into a grocery store, it's a marketing funnel from what they show you when you walk in to the colors to all of that even the target logo is mentally, the idea of circles that come forward is literally a an entire psychological trigger to the human brain. As far as that goes. I know a lot of I know a lot of people, they build their business brand inside of a circle. And then it's like the brand is in the middle of it. Because it kind of it's exactly what that is. And so what I'm talking more about. So like, tell me like what is your niche? What are you marketing?

[140:57] Speaker 1: No, I'm marketing a group to give people a container to bring like all the tools and skills that I've done in my corporate job, but to make it available for individuals. So

[144:00] Speaker 0: what would those be? Let's get that's one of the things we want to do is we want to get real specific within 30 to 60 seconds describing exactly what the outcome somebody is going to get from working with you is without them having to ask you more questions to try and figure out what it is you really want to start offering that information up to people without them having to ask you for more details.

[150:40] Speaker 1: So I have people that skin, the corporate side, that's called Change Management. But there are a lot of tools and methodologies that are really helpful, but they're not available to people unless their corporation buys into it and hires me, right?

[155:07] Speaker 0: Yes. And what's the change that you're helping them manage or do?

[156:13] Speaker 1: Well, whatever change people are navigating, it's just personal.

[157:55] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, whatever

[158:09] Speaker 1: change they're going through.

[158:36] Speaker 0: I gotcha. So that so that's the part I think that we need to that we need to adjust Can I give you a Little bit of my feedback as to how to help sell that better. Oh, sure. Yeah, sure. Awesome. Okay, so that's one of the things that like, and we mean, well, because especially in corporate, a lot of what we're taught in corporate, we gotta unlearn, if we're gonna do it. Online marketing is the complete opposite way of even operating, you don't need to change. There's two things, I tell people, you don't need to change how you present yourself, how you communicate, what your actual deliverables are, or even how you work with clients that doesn't need to change. But what generally does need to change is that people misunderstand what I mean by this, you don't need to change your actual message or what you do, or even who you are at all. But it's just how you package the front end of it is almost exactly the opposite of the best practices that you do in corporate. Okay, and so that's the part that like, is usually a struggle is we have to like, because like, if you offered up information, oh, yeah, I help people do this, you would get laughed out of corporate, you will get looked at like you're braggadocious and you're being rude or like, do you think you are typing the thing, then if you ascend, here's the next space, you have to actually us assume what the change is that the person is wanting, before they even sell. Okay, and so when you say, well, it's whatever change they want. Leading with that will not make any money for you. In the online space where membership, you have to get specific about either a list of changes you can help people with. And then over time, you'll really start to narrow it down to like the top two or three specific changes from people that are willing to spend the money with you. As far as that goes. Let me give you an example. For me, my career started helping people with video production. And then I transitioned to building websites funnels and running their ads. When I came out the gate to be able to teach that I created the course website building and Facebook ads, and I barely got any clients whatsoever as far as that goes. And then I started getting phone calls, I started doing discovery calls 400 discovery calls with potential clients that wanted me to work with them to post them on the Facebook ads, website funnels, and sales calm. 90% of those phone calls were people that I would never want to do business. Because they were people that were so outside of my realm of what I even called people with. And they nauseated me to even have a conversation as far as that goes. So that was one size. But they were also asking me to do something that quite frankly, I wasn't qualified for. And so what I realized was I took the data together, it took me four years to do this. And I looked at okay, out of those 400 calls about 25% of them became paid coaching clients. So I got 100 paid coaching clients over the course of a couple of years. 98% of those people were all other horse critters, coaches or people with membership sites. Okay, the other 75% of people were not inside of that realm. So what I decided to do is this, no longer even make it an option that I serve anybody that's outside of being of course better coaching memberships. If you do that, I don't work. Because those people they might like me, but they're not gonna pay me money. And so I don't show up unless you're willing to pay. And having that attitude is a will piss off a lot of people I got I got I got cussed out by a ton of people for saying that. On the phone and on Zoom calls. Who do you think you are? You're nobody. You know, you're just your mom's idiot savant son who she made feel like he was smart, because she felt sorry for you that she couldn't get a real job. I heard this from hundreds of people. Yay, SQL. And so I had to work through like that, not letting that affect me. And realize, okay, my track record that I've worked with people in this space, right here, this is the change that I help. There's people that are struggling to get clients and leads to grow their email list, and to sell. And this is where I had to grow to because I really struggle with communication and sales and really showing up and being able to do that. And yet I was selling the fact that I could be able to do this. So I had to really sort of reinvent myself over the last couple of years. And look at okay, how can I improve? What are the areas that I need to get better in the communication? How can I get more direct? How can I be direct without being rude or, you know, dismiss it because I don't try to be dismissive to anybody. But it comes across that way when I say I'm not going to work with you, and then they see me as the lottery ticket and I tell them you can't have access Because here's the here's what ends up happening. People see me. You're familiar with my mom, right? Robin? They see me and they say, well, Jeremiah, just do what you do with your mom and everything will be alright. Just do what you did with me with your mom and everything will be alright for both of us. That's what they told me. They say, Jeremiah, just do what you did with your mom with me and everything will be all right between both of us.

[248:03] Speaker 1: Gosh, that feels weird. Doesn't. Yeah, especially

[249:14] Speaker 0: because I was birthed out of my mom and I have a certain love and connection with her as far as that goes. So then when I told people will know, I have boundaries, I'm not going to do that. Violent verbally.

[252:56] Speaker 1: What feels so weird to me is a client telling you how you should structure your business like to me, either they opt in or they opt out. Like I just don't get that at all.

[255:31] Speaker 0: The people that you meet, when you run,

[256:25] Speaker 1: it'd be that's part of the transition from corporate, like, I've been a change management practitioner for gosh, 20 something years, and I find it really rewarding. And I just went through a layoff and I thought, you know, this is

[260:08] Speaker 0: super boring corporate, what they'll do for you in corporate is they'll be like, just do what you did for your corporation for me, and everything will be okay. And you're like, I don't want to do that for you, because I'm structuring this in a way. So I don't have to work corporate job. And they'll be like, well, then, you know, we can't work together because I need you to, because oftentimes, what people want is their it's a power struggle. They want to put me in a position underneath them to where they're an authority in my life with my mother. And they want me to submit to their authority to control me, so that they can make money. And then when I come in out the gate, and I say, hey, you need to change this, you need to do this. The response that I would get is who the flip that you think you are You punk shithead. And I'm like, literally somebody who is doing exactly what I did for my mom told her what to do. And they're like, Yeah, I didn't ask you to do that. And I would get verbally abused by a lot of clients that I was working with, on a weekly basis. So what I decided to do is this, I started working with my therapist. And I started saying, Listen, I can't handle this. I'm making multiple, six figures making $250,000 a year doing this. But I literally, like, can't sleep at night, crying myself to sleep wishing better. And we started getting to the root of it is that literally I was literally surrounded by abusive people. I was surrounded by narcissists and psychopaths, my entire life. And then I look back at literally my whole childhood was being raised by people like that. And that's a hotbed in the social media space, we wouldn't want to build a personal brand and one of our core business for that. Sorry, that goes. So what I'm saying is, is this, if you go out there and your business, you got to get very specific as to how you can help people, what you're able to do to help people and how you're able to show up, and what you're willing to do. And oftentimes that means getting really clear on the 95% of clients that you're going to say no to. Okay, and here's, here's what it is, is you got to figure out what your number is, to where people can buy you and you're willing to do anything for them. Mine is about 50 to $100 million and even then I have boundaries like definitely not like anything sexually or anything that would ever do for anybody that much rebellion I wouldn't. But I would I would probably you know, go build their business and and be exclusive for about $100 million for somebody that any less than that I would most people would for $10,000 a month most people will be willing to do anything and give up their freedom and their their choices just to replace their paycheck with the bots I was one of those people I was willing to literally give up all of the hopes and dreams that I had in my life to work for other people 80 to 100 hours a week because I was feeling something much deeper inside of me and so we gotta get real clear on it's like you know you got to say no more than we say yes is what it is and not and then that what that's going to do is it'll help you get really clear on specifically not just oh well whatever change they want it's like what are the changes a that light you on fire to work with people for like, like you get excited for it. What are the changes that that make them that bring the most transformation, you figure out what is the top five to 15% of transformations and changes that are really like they excite you, they make the most difference in the organization you're super qualified for. And you could literally roll out of bed without any preparation and talk about it for two hours. Take that, and market that. Okay. And that's exactly how then you start attracting the people that want those things, just those things. Here's the interesting part about it when you niche down like that. Generally, in my experience, and working with nearly, I don't know the exact number, a couple of 1000 coaches and fourth graders over the years with my mom's business and other people, in my own business, we've had over 600 people go through my coaching program last year.

[338:01] Speaker 0: When you niche down and you really get specific with that two things are going to happen

[341:27] Speaker 0: you will begin to see the possibility that you'll make a lot more money than you can by being a generalist and being really broad, number one, number two. Again, so it's funny, I say this to people all the time, they don't like what I say, but my my paid clients that are actually successful. Every week, tell me they appreciate that I say this, because the fact that if I didn't say this, they would be shocked that happen. The more you niche down, and the closer you get to like really, I would say like your lane and what you're supposed to do, especially on the internet, the nastier, more read. No matter how good you are, no matter how much integrity no matter how effective you are, the more verbally disappointed people will be, the more manipulative they will be to try to get you to submit to their authority. And try to get you to give up on your dreams. I know it sounds weird. I just as every I have not seen one instance where this has not happened in my experience. And the only reason why it doesn't happen as often because people aren't actually aligned with what they're supposed to be doing. I tell this to a lot of my clients, the way that you know that you're aligned with what you're supposed to be doing is you have the worst level of haters. You have the nastiest level of haters. And it is actually the number one thing that is an indicator if your ads are actually targeted to the right people, and that you're actually attracting the right people is the nastier and rude comments. Yeah. And then what you end up doing is you end up figuring out how to diffuse those how to stop attracting those people. And that's where you plateau. That's where we plateau. We plateau, where the nasty comments cease. And then we have to say, Okay, what's the next territory that I need to grow and if we want to, or we can retire that stage. That's what my mom did. For the longest time. She just reached her level of like her limit that she could put up with the BS from people. And just kind of stayed making the same income for about 1015 years, didn't push further didn't challenge it. Didn't do any of that. Then she went with her therapist, and now she's on a mission to take back what she believes the enemy stole from her. She believes that she has over a quarter quarter billion dollars that she actually probably should have made in business over the years that she gave off or gave to other people simply because she submitted to their manipulation. And so people look at me and they're like, Jeremiah, you're so arrogant. And I don't know a whole lot. I don't know what

[388:25] Speaker 0: if you knew what I know, you would be too. You'd be stupid not to.

[390:12] Speaker 1: We have a saying in Texas. It ain't bragging if it's true.

[391:08] Speaker 0: So exactly. And stuff is true, because unfortunately, you can lose connection with the right people if you brag about stuff too quickly. Sure. I have lost so much connection with people by literally just telling them what I've done in business and they're like, there's no flipping way. And I tried to show them and they even hate me more when I have proof and receipts. But it's just like, You know what, those aren't my people. I'm not going to do so. But I also like don't need to be stupid, either. Because there comes a level where we end up oversharing and stupidity all we got to really learn how to communicate well, how to create something that's attractive to people how to create a funnel that draws the right people in, that they love that the experience is incredible and things like that. At the same time, you're still going to have the one star reviews from a hole. Generally, if you're doing it, right, it's about 5% of your market. And then if you get really good at adjusting your messaging, it's less than 1%. So I tried to keep it right around one to 2%. The problem is that one to 2%. I'm convinced that it's either they're either demon possessed, or it's some psychological genius that knows exactly how to figure out exactly. Because it's always something that I'm just like, wow, you said the right exact sequence of words. That for two hours made me question what I do. And then I go to prayer, and I asked God, and I start, and I started, right, my therapist and like, Okay, here's a little area of trauma I think we need to work on and then I realized, oh, that's tied to this, this this this, what is this what happened? I ended up unpacking that trigger, and it no longer bothers me. It used to I used to whenever I would get triggered like that from people I would be on the couch for months, couldn't build my business, I can literally see on my Stripe account. I was growing, growing, growing made 10 $20,000.00 for six months, and I can correlate the exact day that the trigger that broke my back tapping on the pillow literally see it with the human condition almost. And so now I'm just like, You know what, here's my mission work as less as possible, work as little as possible with as few hours as possible every single day, spend the most amount of time with my wife and son. By the way, I lost three very high level clients last month, because of two things. You spent way too much damn time with your son. He's not going to care. That's a bit a little bit. He spent way too much flippin time with your wife, you need to take shit seriously, and start working through lost clients. And you told them I'm sorry. You know, when we started in business, I was very clear about my hours. And when I do sell the clients sell that and like Yeah, I thought that was just that they told me they thought it was a marketing gimmick for them so that I do that. Now I know it was legit, like Well, clearly, we can't work together. Clearly you can't serve. This was like a multi multimillionaire has multiple kids themselves.

[451:24] Speaker 0: There's actually a belief right now that's going around that fathers spending a lot of time with their sons. It's causing a lot of problems in our world today. And that fathers should stop spending time with their kids. And so there's a there's a there's this that I finding I'm coming up against a lot of those people. They're usually conservative Christian men. And for whatever reason, they see it as it's just like, it's like, part of the evil in our world is fathers spending too much time playing with their sons. And I just like, okay, that makes me the most evil version of a human. Whatever. You know, I don't know where they got to that point. But that I literally, I found influencers on social media, they'll break it down as to like, you know, you spent too much time with your son. He's gonna want to change his gender to a girl when he's older. Because I'm like, No, I don't think so. I actually think it's because you're an asshole. That's probably why. So all that to say like, I don't I'm not here to please anybody. I'm not here to make anybody happy at all. I don't try to. But what's hilarious is nobody actually wants the truth of what it takes to build a business. They don't actually want the truth of how to build a funnel and how to sell. They just want to be accepted. It's tribal is this. We live in a world today where we want to be accepted by the tribe so we're not ostracized so that we can eat and survive. And in moments of economic downturn, tribalism is one of the most Important things in our world today. Because being connected to the tribe in the community means survival. And it's meant that forever. Now, again, I don't disagree with that. But sometimes for us to go the next level, because what I do is I help people shift into a different income bracket. Okay? And have more impact, which means temporarily, you're going to be rejected by the tribe that you've always been a part of. But you're going to create a new tribe, and you're going to attract a whole brand new mirror, exactly. The whole community is to be all brand new friends. Your family may not talk to you for five years, my mom's family literally sends us threats. My mom and I both won't talk to us. And their whole reasoning is because we don't send them money. They're entitled to my mom and mom's money. And they send us verbal, it's nasty. It's disgusting.

[496:36] Speaker 1: And I'm sorry to hear you had to go through that.

[497:14] Speaker 0: We've been going through it since my mom became a millionaire. 31 years ago, it started them hasn't changed.

[499:12] Speaker 1: None of them live the idea of creating a new community,

[500:02] Speaker 0: a new community. I married my wife, I'm pretty old family with her. My mom lives. Now away from us, my brothers I'm, you know, we're going on this Disney Cruise, my mom and my brothers and we have our family. I've talked to my brothers and all that, like we're really close. I'm talking about like my mom's like, my aunts and uncles and cousins. Because we were we were literally like, in poverty in Detroit, Michigan, is what we came out. So they can't literally see themselves coming out of that into the level that we're in at all. And they blame us and feel like it's our responsibility to pull them up. It's not it's not our obligation either. And unfortunately, a lot of people think that it is. And they think that they're obligated to do things for certain people in their life. Simply because their family that they're obligated to show up at a certain level. We're not, especially when that family lies, cheats, and you actually do try to help them and then you find out they're using it for other purposes. You don't enable an addict. That's called codependence. You don't give money to people that are liars, either. So, again, it sounds like my mom and I are these horrible family members. Do you find the details out? It's like, Oh, okay. You know, we've been through this song and dance for 31 years, they haven't changed and every time they say they have, they haven't. And it's like, you know, they need to show up and realize that and it's always the threats calm and all that the gaslighting, the lies the cheating scamming. Not going to continue to happen. Right? Does anybody else have like, you can raise your hand if got questions and things like that. Anything you want to talk about and think about building your funnel or your business again, I was talking I was robbing is so foundational, I think to just making all this stuff work for you. Jason, what's up, man?

[535:38] Speaker 2: Hey, what's up? Jeremiah? I had a quick question. There is this funnel? That you know, most funnels are going to start with your cheapest free thing first, you know, you build up the most expensive and I was just

[540:04] Speaker 0: start building people's fences.

[540:43] Speaker 2: No, no, no, you know, to build up from there, your most expensive. And then so there's a funnel that I was just exposed to where after somebody logs into your they acquire your free opt in. Then there's something that you put in between kind of like a survey question to find out. If they're in a buy now state of mind go ahead into like in your case, you wouldn't be like Okay, for those who aren't ready to go ahead and take my VIP day. I'll go ahead and I'll give you like maybe you'll sign up you sign up for my book or your sign up for no something lower cost. Have you heard something like that before? So what what my question is, is like what, in your opinion, what are some of the qualifying questions that you could ask the better segment your list for those who are ready to buy now versus let

[557:38] Speaker 0: me ask you this question to that. Are you already getting a flood of leads and customers already and people signing up for things for free that you know have way more people than you know to do it.

[561:18] Speaker 2: Now Oh, no, that's an extreme No, no, not to the point where I would that I would like no. I don't know just, oh, no, no, this is a just a color myself a little bit. I'm notorious for, like, again, it's my fault. Like, sometimes I'm working on planning 18 steps ahead. But you know, like to have all the possible moves played out before I'm ready for when it happens. So just a teller myself a little bit.

[568:51] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'm the same way though. So you gotta kind of like be that way like in your head, but then like, execute the opposite. Like you want to execute, and put stuff out there. To where like, you don't need to know what the next step is, you don't even even know how it's gonna pan out. So like you want to, like be planning that way. But that puts a lot of brain energy in a direction that's unprofitable in this business. It works in other industries and things like that. But what I've found is that like planning that far ahead, in this business is one of the most detrimental things you can do.

[581:04] Speaker 0: And I say that all the time to people. And that's kind of one of the areas where they say, well, that I agree to disagree type thing. And then like, once you actually make money, you're like, oh, man, we're right.

[584:33] Speaker 2: One of the biggest selling points for me was you kind of helped cement it because I was doing it, but I was still fighting it. And it was before you create your product before you create basically, before you go in, create something hardcore, go ahead and sell it first. Go ahead, put it out there and sell it. And because I remember again, your mom would do that all the time. She wanted to sell she wanted to create a product she was so the class and have it two weeks, three weeks a month or so. In advance. She would sell it teach it and then have it to go ahead and sell evergreen.

[594:04] Speaker 0: You Yeah, you're but your your Do you have a big email list right now?

[595:19] Speaker 2: No, I'm working. I'm building my email list.

[596:14] Speaker 0: That's one of the that's one of the things that I see that people do is they look at, like what successful entrepreneurs are doing. And they don't look at what they did to get started. Very true. And so the is this whole of this whole idea of like, well, for me to get to where they're at and do what they're doing. The problem is is that there's different stages to the game. And what actually got them there was not doing what they're doing now. And we live in a world today where that see that's that's condemned as being an authentic is to start doing it by doing things one way and then actually shift to another way of doing things. And

[609:17] Speaker 2: that makes sense. Yeah,

[609:45] Speaker 0: we're we're like, okay, I know that the right way to do things is this but I'm going to actually do what's effective. Because because the right and best practices according to gurus, and I don't call myself a guru at all, I don't want to I just I look at like where people are at and where they're struggling and I talk to people all the time. They can't like they can't get anybody on their email list or when they do you want to know what actually makes me really sad. Somebody spends $2,000 on ads, they got 400 people on their email list and nobody bought from them and that happens more often than not and it's not because of what you're talking about here to qualify them with a buying question. It's because the initial messaging sales copy was off and so it attracted somebody that was looking for one thing and then you tried to sell them something else. And so from their perspective as a proxy prospect it was a bait and switch people don't like bait and switches

[631:51] Speaker 2: what's up guys don't know they do not.

[632:48] Speaker 0: They don't like bait and switches and most of what what people are doing with their marketing is a bait and switch process instead what I like to take our best, our best content that we would charge the most amount of money for and just give it away for free.

[639:04] Speaker 2: Yep, so the so the idea is no Give it

[640:37] Speaker 0: away for free. And then really, like, show exactly what the different pieces are and all that. That's why like, when I do a three day event like this, it's hilarious because I'm like, Okay. I always have to challenge myself because I end up giving away too much information, and then overwhelms people. So I gotta like back at all, then I back it off. And it pisses off like 10% of people, because they like you didn't give away what you promised, like, Yeah, but when I do give it all away, like, people are like good information, and then I'll never hear from them again. I'm not here to, I'm not okay. I'm not here to give people good information that they like, and for people to, to give me a thumbs up, I'm here to make money in the business. Those are two very different things. And the way to make money in the business is you give your best information for free, but you figure out what's the right moment in time to pull back and what not to give. And often, it's very subtle.

[663:01] Speaker 0: It's often that thing that you feel, morally and ethically obligated to give people for free at that point. And you hold it back and you tell them that that's what you got to pay for. Because you bring it right to the edge of the point where it'll, it'll polarize and people will get pissed off that you didn't give them what they wanted. And they're disappointed in you. Because they expected they showed up and they expected something from you. And you told them no. I'm not giving you that. And they'll either vert, they'll try to they'll either punch you in the face, cuss you out, whatever. Or they'll be like, okay, great, and they'll become a client. Most people are unwilling to do that. And those that are experts at sales are and you figure out the right way to do that. And the way you do that, as you express the expectations up front. Now, let me ask you this, Jason, if I express the expectations up front very clearly. And they still get mad and want to punch me in the face, because I'm not giving them what they expected. Why is that?

[685:17] Speaker 2: Wait, you gave them a you make sure I heard you correctly. Yeah.

[686:55] Speaker 0: I clearly expressed the expectations upfront as to what I was going to deliver. And then when it came down to brass tacks and the sale, they expected me to give more than what I promised. Even though I already told them what I'm willing to do. They are angry and upset that I'm not going to give them what they expected at that moment in time, and that's where they get to lead the funnel get pissed off, tell all their friends to avoid work. They cross over and they become a paid client. Now why would somebody expect something that I clearly told them? I will not be giving them in the beginning and throughout the whole thing? Why would they do that?

[700:12] Speaker 2: I mean, one thing, only thing I could think about is that they're entitled.

[701:15] Speaker 0: And it's not necessarily that they're entitled, I actually think it's because they think that I'm lying. And I actually think that it's because they think that

[704:10] Speaker 2: they think that you're lying.

[705:24] Speaker 0: They think that when I gave them the expectations that I was actually just saying it to tease them okay. And they think that Well, you brought me all the way this far. Can't you just give me all of it? Yeah, how often? How often do you how often do you see this happen? A dating guy takes a woman out on a date. She's like, I'm not going to sleep. Well, I bought you food you brought me to the front door. Can you at least just give me whatever now and he slaps her in the face and presses her out. And that's what people do on the internet. And people don't want to have that conversation. I get nasty emails all the time from people when I use an example But that, but that is exactly the energy that they're doing. Because they're like, well, listen, I've came this far with you. Can't you at least go further?

[722:18] Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, and you're definitely entitled to how you're experiencing people's energy. So yeah, that's interesting. I like I said,

[724:22] Speaker 0: here's what you do, though, here's what you gotta do. You've got to be unmoved by it and manipulated by their energy. That's the difference. If you become manipulated by that energy, now you can be controlled, and you'll make no money. But if you become unwavering, unshakable to where I get my people don't realize that's my goal is to have my inbox flooded with nastiness. That's actually my goal. My goal is to have my inbox flooded with people that hate me. And comments on my social and my Facebook posts with people that hate my guts. And so it's the number one greatest indicator of me doing the right thing in this business.

[738:22] Speaker 2: I could see that because No, no, because no noise No, no negative feedback means you're not making enough of a difference.

[740:02] Speaker 0: Well, it means that you're not actually triggering the pain point is what it is. You're not triggering the pain point. And they have an edge that they want scratched. And they're willing to do whatever it takes to get it.

[746:24] Speaker 0: And, I mean, that's exactly, that's exactly what the the opiate industry did to get people to opiates. Well, we started that besides about fentanyl, opiates, and how they, the doctors and all of that.

[750:27] Speaker 2: Yeah, there was a there was I believe was Netflix. It was a show on Netflix. But there was a documentary it was limited series. There's a

[752:16] Speaker 0: whole bunch of shows out pain hustlers. That was a fun one. There was the other one, there's a whole bunch of them. Yeah, there's a there's an epidemic. Because that's exactly what sales is, is getting people to that point, where the only thing that alleviates their greatest and greatest pain is to pay money. And that's how capitalism works. And that's why people will actually want to install communism and Marxism. Because they believe that it's evil to do that.

[761:23] Speaker 2: What's up with the short sighted,

[762:28] Speaker 0: it is somewhat short sighted, listen, I'll say this, I think it is able to hook people on addictive drugs that can kill them like that is to make a profit and shareholders. It's terrible. What happened with the opiate crisis? You know? But did you know that Disney and apple and Tesla and all that did the exact same thing, we get clients every single day?

[768:54] Speaker 2: That's what I'm saying. It's like it's one of those. It's like a it's like, it's like two sides of a coin. It's like the good along with the bad. It's, it's and I used to really, I mean, maybe it's still possible. But I used to believe that you could have one without the other. But then it is one of those things where you have to realize, like, you just have to recognize and realize that you just you can't it's just not the way how the world works. It's not the way how it's not the

[776:19] Speaker 0: way that has worked. such a way that rule is like ever worked. That's the thing. It's like, okay, like, we can get so mad and like people get all political and all this and it's like, no, that's why people hate billionaires, because they're the best at this. The person who has the most boundaries, and it's unwilling to be manipulated by money acquires the most

[786:06] Speaker 0: that's a one liner that it's a good one. I liked it. But it's true. The person who has the most the best, strongest boundaries and is unwilling to be manipulated or canceled or anything because of a loss or gain of money will acquire and make the most of it in any business.

[794:05] Speaker 2: And also, I want to say that you said something yesterday, that I think might also be the something that might be setting some people off that

[796:54] Speaker 0: turning people off. I do it on purpose, but was trying to turn people off but

[799:09] Speaker 2: it was one of the things that you had said before that listen, I can't read your If you want me to do something, if you want to talk about something, you're gonna need help on something, then I need you to go ahead and speak up. And it's one of those things where it's like, Well, duh, of course. But it's one of those things where you kind of just, I don't know, and these kinds of formats,

[803:53] Speaker 0: I have gotten the most amount of clients that actually expect me to read their mind. And they get very, very angry when I came. And that's when they get the most, but because it seems like I'm able to, and I know how to do all this with marketing, it seems like I have some magic trick where I'm able to read people's minds. No, I've just been doing this long enough that I know how to influence people on the internet, with advertisements and things like that. And that was funny that meet people, they're like, Well, you're not going to influence me, sometimes they don't buy anything from me, because they want to prove that they're stronger than, you know, my ability to influence them to purchase anything. And I'm like, I don't need your money. So I'm, whatever, don't buy anything from me. Like, it's fine. I'm literally like not, I just, I'm not interested in people that play games. I'm not interested in in, I was not interested in women that play games when I was dating either. Unfortunately, 95% of people that you will find through Facebook ads, all they want to do is play games. So

[821:40] Speaker 2: it was while you're like you said you're just looking for that. Better. 5% I know. Some people call it like, you know, some people call them super consumer to people that are that drive the do that do what like 80% of the buying, you're looking for those. You're looking for your people, the people who are going to go ahead and and buy it from you. Kevin Kelley called What the 1000 true fans? Yeah, so that's, that's the name of the game. Finding those people that speak to you. A you speak to them and do business?

[831:53] Speaker 0: Well, no, that's actually not what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to help you do that.

[832:35] Speaker 2: Paul? Yeah, I mean.

[833:58] Speaker 0: Yeah. And so that's the thing. So for that, it's like figuring out exactly like, who that person is, where they're at. And what it is that challenges. This is my business, it challenges every part of our life that we thought we knew about how we knew everything. Because then you start looking at well, where are my life? That statement, how you do one thing is how you do everything. And so if I'm desperate for people's approval, when it comes to friendships, and relationships, I'm going to be desperate for people's approval in my business, too. And I'm going to be rejected, and I'm not going to have any clients. And no, yeah, it's not about like being intentionally a jerk, but you'll have people that will assume that you are because oftentimes, the most abusive, hurtful people act this way. And so that's something that I teach my clients as well in my coaching business, is you have to really understand like the playbook that a narcissist uses in your marketing process. Because a lot of this behavior is is red flag numero uno. But the type of people you do not want to be friends with, in real life is worth it. And so that was a big result for me, because I was I had spent a lot of time being abused by a lot of narcissists and psychopaths. And so I'm like, okay, but now when it comes to what it takes to create a profit in the business, I have to do the same things in my marketing that hurt me in general. And the answer to that was, well, no, because I'm not intending to hurt people. But there will be people like they're very angry. They'll they have a version of what they think the truth is that they'll make up in their mind. I may tell you the story about design, I had a client, wonderful lady, and we had an amazing time for a year working together as a coaching client one on one. One day, I noticed the change in her social media content, she started posting all about suing people that stole money from her. And then she wrote me an email and made up an entire story about me not delivering on anything that I had ever promised her in my coaching business. I sent her a copy of the contract that she signed, and I told her exactly what it is that we had delivered on this and the fact that quite frankly, we probably shouldn't charge more for it. But that's exactly what it is. I delivered 100% on it and then after an entire year of this for some reason a switch flipped your mind and I became the devil and If I remember our first meeting, she told me every coach I've ever had stole money from. I should have seen that as a red flag and told her I didn't want to be funny. And in the future, that is one of my number one red flags if I have people that, that they believe that they are a victim, they have a victim mindset, and they've been victimized. And they are and they and that they are not responsible in any way for how other people you know, just every every coach they've ever had just was violently abusive to me and stole all my money and fund me, well, I'm not, I'd be like, well, unfortunately, I'm probably going to be the next one if we work together. And sure enough, I literally, I tested it, I just just for fun tested it out, I went above and beyond ad nauseam with this lady. And then I became the devil. Because it has nothing to do with me, it's a wiring in a mindset of a person that I can't change. She needs a therapist, she has to work through that as a trauma with a therapist. And I was interesting, because I took a week to write her back as far as with all the list of details and what we delivered and all that. And she wrote back and she said, Oh, well, sorry, I just I just thought that you you actually cared about would go above and beyond progress.

[905:21] Speaker 0: Have you heard that from people I thought if you actually cared, you would go above and beyond but I can tell you're just like one of those rich, nasty jerks that all you care about is money and clearly don't care about people doing? Well, why because I do what I say I'm going to do. And I and I and I and you expected me to go above and beyond simply because you feel like I'm obligated to it's not because they feel like I'm obligated to. It's because it's a mindset of a person where and this is this is where we'll wrap up here. If they were in my position and making the amount of money that I'm making, they would go above and beyond to serve themselves that way if they were me with them. And so the fact that I am not willing to do what they would do if they were me, and they have demonized in their mind, people that don't do that. I become what they have labeled as evil. And here's the sad part about this and why this matters because they have labeled that as I am unwilling to cross that line. And I would never do that. If I was in Jeremiah's position I would do above and beyond and all that they are incapable of me helping them become successful. Because they have created such a prison in their mind about people that look like me walk like me, pop like me and run businesses like I do. As to what how they would do better if they were in my shoes. And then if I don't do what they would do when the rubber meets the road, I am the demonic demonized version of what they believe somebody like me is that doesn't do what they would do. And so there is zero possibility for me to help that person. They need somebody other than my skill set to help them so it's my job to actually reject disqualify and remove that person from my marketing funnel no matter how much they need what I had to offer, no matter how much willing money they are willing to bet that makes sense.

[945:33] Speaker 2: Oh, that makes perfect sense. Perfect sense. There's nothing for me to go ahead and say about that reminds me about how me some my investor friends were looking to raise money for an investment. But we want to help people that are up and coming and they don't have the you know, don't meet that aren't accredited investors don't have the the income or the net worth. Because you know, you want to help them get there. I want to be able to help my family so my friends and other people in my community to do to get in some of these bigger deals, but the truth of the matter is, is that they bring the most headache. They go ahead and they just and you would think that they will be grateful because it's like the minimum investment is $50,000 100 $100,000 and you're and I bend over backwards to go ahead and get you in here for

[959:55] Speaker 0: now Are you gonna show up, put up or shut up? Yep, I told somebody that the other day they're like, this is this is what somebody told me the other the other a month ago, like Jeremiah, I find it fascinating that you help people at one level and then when they show more money, you suddenly become a better human. And they told me you're messed up in their head, that you're not a good human unless people pay you good money. Sorry, he sounds like, but that's that they have learned to use labeling people verbally as not being a good human as a way to manipulate out of people to control them. Does that make sense? Yeah. Is a person that is used to using disappointment to control people? I'm disappointed in you. So then you can then you can control them. Now at some time. Of course, when bad behavior happens. My lawn service, like totally jacked up my lawn. I wrote them. I said, Hey, listen, you guys have done great service. I'm disappointed in how it looks right now. Can you come fix it? Sure, no problem. Like, it looked terrible. You know, it was not good. And they had like, been consistent for like six months, and then like, the lawn is just all over the place. Oh, my God. We love you guys. You're amazing. What can come next? No. They told me they call me profusely apologize. We're so sorry, the person who cut your lawn, we actually let them go. They did this with like, 20 of our other clients. It was their like, last hurrah because they hated the CEO type thing. They screwed up everybody's lawns. That's what you know. So I had a lot of compassion for that, whether that was even true or not. But they fixed it, they made it right. And so again, like, of course, there's a time and place for like expressing disappointment, things like that. I don't think that that that's not what I'm saying. But there are people that they will literally use that to manipulate out of you your dreams. Because this because I originally had sold this person on a package, and then what they were demanding, they were demanding a $30,000 a month level of service for $1,000. And they told me that the fact that I wasn't willing to deliver it made me a bad human. According to them report, yeah. Because they would do the same thing that they were in my position.

[1003:53] Speaker 0: According Yeah, so again, it's like, whatever we just like, we got to really look at like, where are we judging others? What have we said that ourselves about with other people? The number one place, we all say this is gosh, if I was president, I wouldn't be different. No, no, we wouldn't. We'd be like one of those candidates that are up there, whether it be the ones that win are the ones that are in the initial debates, it would be like one of them. It's like, you know, we look at Paul, any politician as far as that goes, we would be pick one. Nobody likes any of them. But at the same time, like if we were in their position, we'd probably be the same way. But the fact that we're not in that position means that maybe there's things we don't know.

[1017:10] Speaker 0: But nobody wants to have that conversation. Let's keep it about business. You know, we take a look at millionaire business owners are like, Well, gosh, if I was a millionaire, I would be different, I would do something different. You don't know all the details. So. But that's why I like to pass on these details. Because a lot of people don't have these conversations at this level. They reserve what we just talked about for the last 1020 minutes for, like their highest level masterminds. And I was like, No, I'll have these conversations with anybody if they're willing to actually, like, understand what we're talking about. But most people don't want to have these conversations because it challenges their identity. The challenge is everything that we thought we knew about how we live in our world today.

[1031:29] Speaker 0: Well, this world was changing really quickly with artificial intelligence. So everything is being challenged, right.

[1034:07] Speaker 2: All right. All right. I look forward to I look forward to tomorrow.

[1035:04] Speaker 0: Right. Sounds good. See y'all then. Have a good one.

