VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-04-10T21:45:22.000Z
Duration: 86 min
Otter ID: j5tULY7nkojDRPl5mi-Znlipv1A
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right no Excel accelerator Facebook room right here

[8:16] Speaker 0: by

[13:02] Speaker 0: what's going on sorry girl What's up everybody? Low Hello low

[16:57] Speaker 1: we'll be right back. Be right back you know BRB BRB sound is bad man sound is bad

[24:31] Speaker 0: How about that? Is that sound better? Alright, I'm gonna I'm gonna be right back

[42:28] Speaker 0: all right, well, Happy Wednesday, everybody. So I'm assuming if you're here right now you want to grow your email list get people to return clients of what you're doing. If you're watching the recording of this VIP session, I get it. You're probably at work, things like that. So what's going on? Why aren't you a millionaire right now? Tell me. I'm kidding. Somewhat, but my brain goes to what's the most offensive thing I can say right now. And then I say it got me punched in the face a few times. But since I'm separated by zoom here, I can run my mouth and not worry about getting punched at least. How many of y'all want to you got questions and you want to know how to? Like, like, where are you stuck? I always ask my clients that in our

[58:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: in our coaching group, where are you stuck? Where's your sticking point? To where you're like, Okay, if I could just figure this part out, then I wouldn't have to deal with struggling to

[64:28] Speaker 0: make my business work anybody? follow up system and recruiting. Can you explain what that means? A little bit more? Yeah. follow up system and recruiting. Can you tell me what that means? And what are you recruiting for and following up for it?

[68:48] Speaker 2: I'm involved in a new startup, affiliate marketing, multi level, whatever word you want to use program. And I've always kind of seemed to have trouble with people would want to use the products but might become an affiliate but just never want to work. I don't know. I've done posts. I've had over 100 responses follow up but just people don't. I guess they're just kind of kicking the tires and how to move past getting them to purchase and become an affiliate. And what do I do to do that? Yeah,

[78:22] Speaker 0: that's so so one thing I'll say as I as I actually weirdly enough, I have quite a bit of knowledge in that space, but I don't mentor people for what for that thing at all. So I specifically help coaches and course creators and people that have their own membership site. I don't help necessarily affiliate or direct sales or network marketing people at all

[86:47] Speaker 0: okay, but I do have some information that might be able to help you on that if you want me to share it, but the fact of the matter is, is that's just not my track record or superpower. I don't have any success in that space. So if you would like my opinions based on no actual proof or results in that space, I can at least give you my thoughts based on working with other people in that space. But no, I so I specifically help people grow their memberships coaching business on online courses.

[98:00] Speaker 2: Right, okay.

[99:48] Speaker 0: So do you want me to share anything with you or no?

[100:37] Speaker 2: Sure. I mean, whatever you want to share? That would be great. Okay, gotcha. So,

[101:59] Speaker 0: part of the thing is, is this and sorry, if I sound like a, like a like, I, okay, let me let me pause here. So this happens oftentimes, when I do sessions like this, I'm not a mind reader. And I don't know if you want me to share stuff with you or not. And I understand that maybe that I should just know, because I've been doing this long enough. I used to try to be a mind reader. And guess what people wanted me to teach to them. And got me, honestly, it got me in some really, like, deep, really negative relationships. So all that to say, if you want me to share, if anybody wants me to share anything, ask a question. I'm not going to read your mind. As far as that goes. Okay, so when it comes to follow up system and recruiting, here's the thing, network marketing, direct sales, affiliate marketing, you're dealing with a niche with a niche that is riddled with just the worst possible people on the planet. Okay, like when we taught and listen, I think everybody is a special snowflake. They're God's beautiful creation. I think people are amazing. But there's behavior in people that is that is normal inside of affiliate network marketing, that is just disgusting to me, and almost everybody else on the planet Earth. And my first business that I helped with was a network marketing coach, Danny Johnson as far as that goes, you know, and so but like, and she actually taught a decent system for doing this, but some of it is a sleazy, it's slimy, it's disgusting. And the stuff that you got to do to actually like make that business work is just gross. Unless, unless you are willing to become a little spicier with how you talk with people. So Mike, do you follow my mom? Yeah, we follow my mom. Yes, I did. Okay, yeah. So she says she's doing she's got her course business. She's doing that. She's doing her network marketing thing right now all that. Um, again, I'm not involved with that at all with her. She's really good at network marketing training. She's actually better at this question than probably I am answering it. Um the whole name of the game is building trust with people. And that's actually what I do teach people is how to build trust when it comes to your courses and your coaching programs and your memberships. But it's different when it comes to like direct sales and network marketing because you're competing with your neighbor that selling a similar product and they're and they're basically all the rhetoric is just, well, we got a better product than you and so and so is worse and we're better and superior and all of that and so there's just so much backbiting and gossip and dishonesty as far as that goes. By the way that exists inside of the courses and coaching space. I don't even engage with people that are like that. A lot of codependency. So, a lot of the people that like will teach you how to be successful they'll teach you codependency and all that. Really what you just got to do is you got to not care what anybody thinks about you. Show up to them. there, and just talk about why you love what the product does, that's gonna pull people in. And then you figure out a way to connect with people. Connection is the name of the game with when I teach people. So you have to connect. And you have to build trust, okay. Now, here's the crazy part about network marketing and affiliate marketing, you can make a deep connection and build trust with somebody, and almost 95% of them will never purchase a thing from you.

[172:15] Speaker 2: Yes, that's probably very true. It's very true. I

[173:03] Speaker 0: know that it's very true. Yeah. Yeah,

[174:16] Speaker 2: yeah. That's why I was, I guess I was motivated just to learn because you call this coaching and learning how to do that better. Yeah.

[177:01] Speaker 0: Yeah, if we're talking about and now let's let's, let's kind of move over from there. If we're talking about recruiting and follow up. For network marketing, I'm not a big I don't know a lot about that. But I know a lot about building connection through the internet with people we don't know. And then how do we build trust to get them to buy from us but even someone like me, 90% of the people that I talk to, every single day on social media will never buy anything from me, maybe they'll invest 17 bucks 27 bucks into a VIP like this. But when it comes to me saying like, Oh, yeah, like I have a coaching program. They're just like, not wanting to deal with that. And you want to know what I say to that. When somebody's like, not I want anything to do with that. Some of y'all are gonna get real offended by this. I say, Well, now I don't want anything to do with them either. Like, like, quite literally. If somebody is like, Well, no, I don't want anything to do with you. I'm not gonna buy anything from you. That's like, you know, that's too expensive. And I'm like, okay, great. Awesome. And I, and I'm so I'm so deeply unconcerned about convincing somebody that they need to change their mind. I'm so deeply unconcerned about needing them to buy from me at all. That it actually for some people upsets them, possibly scares them. But for the right people, it's attractive. As far as that goes, How many of y'all have studied dating? And attraction? And like, how you date? How many of y'all dated somebody before? To get into a romantic relationship? Okay, there's a lot of nasty stuff in the dating coaching space. It's disgusting. I mean, and, and what was interesting was before I actually met my wife, I read all the books, and I was just disgusted by all the stuff they teach guys as to how to manipulate women into bed with you. I'm just like, This is so gross. This is sick. And yet at the same time, I'm like, Yeah, but you know, I wouldn't mind having a nice gal to spend time with, right. And let's keep this G rated here. But like, I was, like, I don't want to do any of that crap. And I didn't do any of it. And it was it was interesting, I refuse to in the dating space. Um, and I remember I went on a bunch of dates. And I was like, Oh, my gosh, I feel so bad. For these for these amazing young women, I was like, 2025 years old, 26 years old. I just had my 36th birthday. So this was 10 years ago. That's when I met my wife was 10 years ago. And I remember I was like, Okay, I'm meeting people on an app. So remember, Tinder, swipe, left, swipe right type thing. That's where I would meet everybody. I was like, I was like, the king of Tinder. Um, and I would not ever meet up with anybody unless I went 100% felt like there was a legit connection. Like, it was like, we're gonna have a great time. And by the way, I would tell them I don't want sex, please, do not even try. And what was interesting was, is they would a lot of them, about half of the young women would try and I would be like, no, like, that wasn't a joke to try to, like, get you to want it more and I'm like, I don't want it. I'm I want to save myself for marriage. Unfortunately, I was not successful with that. But when I met my wife, I was that committed to we were like, You know what? i i We're gonna stay pure before God we're not gonna we're not gonna do this. We're not going to have sex, we're not going to sleep together, I'm gonna do anything like that till we get married. And we did. And that was amazing. Now I understand that not everybody's story, but I'll tell you it created such a great, because we got to know each other on a deep intimate level without the physical part. That was powerful, I would highly recommend it to people if they really, really want to find a good mate, and they're single is to not bring in the physical aspect. Hold hands and hug and cuddle, that's fine. But like you got to, you know, anyways, this isn't a dating course. But when we talk about recruiting, and follow up, and building connection and building trust, you got to do all of that when you're dating, you got to do all of that when you're prospecting for any business. And, and the thing is, is like, you got to realize that 97% of the people that you're going to connect with are not even really somebody that you would want to be friends with. I would say maybe 1% of my clients, less than actually 1% I would even want to go out to dinner with I love y'all. Some of y'all some of my clients are here that are my coaching group, and that maybe they'll get offended by that statement. I just, you know, I've literally I've had clients who are like, Hey, I'm in town, let's go to dinner. And I'm like, No, but not, you know, like, but I have some really great clients that like I will, I will meet up and like, we will spend five, six hours going to dinner, and have a great time we'll go to dinner with with with my wife, and my son will have a great time. Because those are like my inner circle, like I want to do life with these people, I want to go much deeper than just business. So for me, impact is important. And making the goal be how can I help another person? So your mission, anytime that you're selling your coaching your courses, recruiting for anything, you got to make helping the other person be the most important thing and not getting the sale? That needs to be secondary, but it needs to be just as important. How do you hold those two things in your mind at any given time? How many y'all know the term multi dimensional thinking? And you all are familiar with one dimensional or black and white thinking? Right? Maybe you grew up as in the church or your Christian that would call it sola scriptura. It's like whatever is just in the word is the only thing as far as that goes, right? I grew up with a lot of that grown up black and white thinking very logical things are just on and off. Yes and no zeros and ones very binary. We don't live in a binary world or a binary planet. The planet is not just one or the other two opposite sides. But generally everything gets polarized in the kind of two or three categories most of the time, because human beings are so different in the human experience is so different. So you're going to find is you're going to find out 50% of everybody that you can ever connect with, it's probably not ever going to be somebody that you didn't want to get to know. Most of the time. You can get better at connecting with better people. And then that number will start to change. And you'll realize okay, I love connecting with a lot of these hooping these people. But what will happen is you'll start to get really good at they will walk themselves out the door, kind of like what we had today where people were logging off as soon as I mentioned making a million dollars the numbers of the streamers just dipped. Because I I brought people face to face with their belief says is it possible for me to make a million dollars. And what's interesting is, is I have this firm belief that you won't be able to make 100,000 If you don't think you can make a million eventually, maybe not tomorrow might be 30 years from now, based on inflation, 30 years from now a million will probably be less than 100,000 is today. Think about it. And listen, we don't a lot of people don't want to have that conversation. Because it's like, you know, wait a sec, what what do you mean by a million dollars is gonna be worth less than that? Well, you know, again, you're not here for an economics conversation. But you got to understand economics, you got to understand the world we live in, you got to understand how things are accelerating faster and faster and faster than any then we've ever experienced. To the point that to the average person, I sound crazy for most of the stuff that I say. But to the people that are in my inner circle, like I'm not ahead of the curve. I'm like part of the curve as far as that goes. Okay. So yeah, does that help? As far as that goes recruiting and follow up as you just got to connect with people you got to build trust? Yes, less about your ulterior motive and more about is how can I get to know somebody? Genuinely, honestly, authentically caring about people? That's And then thank you, and then they will follow up with you when you do that. All right, Robin, what's up? Robin? How are you? I see you nodding your head.

[322:26] Speaker 3: Hey, I want to acknowledge you because you're, you're leading by example on how to define your scope. When Yah Yah said she wants to learn more about growing an MLM and you say, you know, that's not really my scope to me. I feel like that was such a learning moment. Because yeah, as coaches, and anyone who wants to make an impact, we have to know know our lane know our scope, and like really stay in our lane.

[329:34] Speaker 0: When people tell me to stay in my lane now I'm like, You know what, my lane is actually pretty good. All right, I'm gonna stay

[330:48] Speaker 3: in our lane, the sweetest real estate ever? Like, yes, that's the most profitable. Yeah, so I've already learned so much from the previous workshop, my biggest takeaway was that it's not just about a course it's about community. And so I've really been changing my mindset and just been doing some pen to paper brainstorming around. Okay, I've been working on core for a while. And now I like that course really better serve like nested in and community. And I really love the idea of building community. But so first of all, just thank you for teaching us already how important it is to the course just sells itself all the time to we're really building the community. And I know we're only on day one. So I don't want to

[344:29] Speaker 0: say most of the time, a course won't just sell itself. So it's about the connection you build. And unfortunately, that's been kind of the big lie of Internet Marketing. And even that is passive income type thing. Passive income is a complete lie. It's low, it's low amount of hours income, I can build a business to a million dollars working 15 hours a week, and I have a plan by September to work less than 10 hours a week, I know exactly how to do it, I know exactly how to keep my business making this much money. So what I'm at is I'm in a different I'm in an interesting stage. Because before my son got here, I was working about 30, about 20 to 30 hours a week on this business, and then about 20 hours a week on a client's business. Now I've completely reduced almost all of my client work. I have one client that's like a passion project of mine that I work with. My mom and I talk all the time, I work on and off with friends of mine. But now my mission is this, how can I keep my income where it's at. And I only work less than 10 hours a week on the business. And the system runs itself and then teach that to people. Right? So we're right at about 10 to 15 hours a week, some weeks, I'm at 20 hours a week of work. And it's because you know, we even we had a lot of help in our house, I had my sister in law help us grandparents, stuff like that. But they're going off doing some of their own stuff now. And I'm like, Okay, I don't want to have to rely on the family to help us with everything. As far as this goes, gotcha. My wife and I would really like to have more kids too. And so we're looking at everything. And we're just like, Okay, we got to figure out a system to systematize all this. So that's a if Jeremiah if I can literally teach this. And what I want to do is I want to document everybody what I do every hour to where they can literally scrutinize it and see what I'm doing that it's less than 10 hours a week, and what our business is making. And that's my goal and my mission over the next year or so is to really be able to become super transparent with all of that, to show what I'm doing each day how we're doing it. How does our homestay in order organized. Um, I'm not the most organized person on the planet, but I keep people around me who are and I can keep my own space organized as far as that goes. But like even you can see, like, I took the stuff off the shelf, I didn't put it back. You know, it's sitting on the floor here next to my desk. You know, I got this stuff over here on the floor. I'll put it back maybe later later tonight before the next before the next session tomorrow. So like I'm not necessarily the most organized, but I'm learning to get better and do better. And that was my mission for 2024 was how do I do better in the marketplace, so that I can impact more people as far as that goes while working less making more. Um, here's what happens when you when you make a decision to do that to piss off a lot of people. So I have a lot I've gotten a lot of hate mail for the last three months from people just like nasty stuff about how I've changed how I'm not the same person I was when I started things like that. I need to go back to how I used to be how I have a lack of integrity because I sold myself As something different a year ago, than I am today, which is so interesting because my clients are getting more results today than they were even a year ago. So what you'll notice is there are people that they can't run with you as you start going further in your life and your business. And that's where we started to find our niche more and more and more, and our niche ends up changing over time. Okay.

[408:07] Speaker 3: I realized that we're on day one of three. And so I don't mean to sound like impatient in any way. But in my happy eagerness to learn, I am quite excited. I love that. Yes. Is that Is that okay? To say that I love it. Listen to you riff all day long. It's so inspiring. But you know it. As far as like, I noticed for me when I'm learning, if I kind of get the gist of the bullet points of a process, then I can start to kind of drill down more. So what's the process you're looking for? Yeah, sure. What can you share about the process? We, I'd really love to learn more, because I'm at the very end, like creating content. But as far as like, the offer the page? I mean, like I'm totally at the very beginning. Yes, yes, yes,

[420:33] Speaker 0: yes, we will be teaching that tomorrow, down to what I call the six steps. And so I've been teaching this as a six step process for the last year or so what's so interesting is they teach psychology about doing like steps for things that help people. And six is the worst number to use. three and seven is usually the best three, five and seven, psychologically, are usually the best numbers to use. That's why I do a three day of it. Because three days I was doing a five, day three and five are usually really good numbers. Seven is good if you have a lot of stuff to cover six people usually associated with like, the number 666. So that's like this demonic number to people. Subconsciously, people have these beliefs about certain numbers, which is interesting. And if you understand that, why am I sharing all that because it matters when it comes to your marketing, you can literally get more people to sign up with you by doing something with the number three, or five than the number six. Because the number six will actually repel people away from the thing that you're trying to show them how to do. Because it feels weird to people, it's a very weird number. It's kind of circular and its shape and stuff like that. Um, a lot of that is in what I teach my high level coaching group is how there's a lot of psychology that we don't understand that's going on behind the scenes when it comes to color that's being used, maybe some of y'all notice I got red and blue here, we're in a political season right now. That's why I actually have these colors over here right now is because we have a political season. That's why I have a lot of red and blue, in different places behind me is because it's considered sort of a sign of unity. If you're in the United States or anywhere, I have a lot of my a lot of my clients are not in the United States, but I'm in the United States. And so I'm using a lot of different shades of red and blue in almost all of my marketing. And even if I look around me a lot of that right now, if you look and pay attention to a lot of the marketing that you're going to be seeing for the next six months on social media, a lot of red and blue colors, you'll start to see as far as that goes, and a lot of combos of them, or different shades, whether it be burgundy, or a slight reddish orange or things like that. Maybe a teal color, things like that. So that was that was a totally separate part of something that I'm really passionate about that helps people we're going to unpack some of that a little bit. But I go really deep into that in my coaching program. The six steps are this number one, you want to get real clear on that niche or topic. That's step number one, so you know what that is already for you your niche or topic. Okay, great, awesome. Now, again, we're just one thing to that, because we got a couple of people here asking about niche, the niche that you pick today. If you're actually doing your job should change within the next year or so. It should not stay the same. It will only get more refined as what it is based on the people that you're working with. Based on what like what people are asking for as far as that goes. So for instance, like my niche has gotten more and more refined. I really avoided a lot of certain topics for the longest time but I've been asked more and more and more about them. And so the more I get asked about certain things and I noticed oh people are getting a lot of success and reaching their goals with this The more I start refining that niche as far as I go, so like I started teaching about how to create courses two years ago, then coaching and I've been leaning more into like the recurring membership, side of things, how to make a recurring membership coaching program that contains courses. So it's like, we all remember those Russian dolls right? On y'all are familiar with Russian dolls. Literally, this is kind of what your niche is like is like a Russian doll right here, it might start like the like the bigger one. And then as you refine it and refine it deeper, it's like, it's like a more intricately precise version of really what the core deep desire of your prospect is. And you start getting more and more people those results as far as that goes. So the more refined your niche gets, actually, the bigger your impact and income goes. The mistake a lot of people make is they get way too specific way too early with their niche, or they're way too broad. So both of those are mistakes, for those y'all that are looking for your niche, being too specific. With the wrong niche, or being way too broad, trying to help too many people are both really big mistakes. Okay. All right. So that's step number one knee. Step number two. And this is really what I want to teach you all here. During this process is this is your this is your messaging. Messaging, and message and content are not the same thing. So this is your sales and marketing messaging. This is the words that are on your landing page, what's in your email marketing, this is what's on your ads. This is what you say in your ads. This is what you say in your if you're doing organic content. This is what you say in the direct messages that you send to people. This is what you say if you're doing webinars, it's what you say in your webinars. Your messaging is what you say in your ebooks, it's what you say in your content before you make a profit. Okay, so I usually have a basically before and after profit is where I split this. So we have the for profit and after profit, okay. p r o f i t.

[522:48] Speaker 0: So my goal with people is to get them to where they're at least making their their budget right here. But they're not maybe making a profit, but they can at least like the business can run itself. They can keep testing, they're not in a hold, they're not having to borrow money from friends and family, they're not having to take out a loan. Now, I'll tell you this, once your business is making a million dollars, you want to take out loans. So that's a separate conversation, I talked to that we'll talk about that a lot with our group, because that's a very advanced conversation. You want to borrow money strategically when you're making good money, because then that is what can compound you to 10 and 20 million, much faster. Because it's just literally it's just putting gasoline on a fire. But I wouldn't recommend it. Taking out a lot borrowing a lot of money, what I do recommend is like paying off your credit cards, so that the credit card companies bump up your limits. So then you can put a little bit on them, and it's not going to bring your credit score down. And then you can find what's a budget that you can spend on software's and advertising, and all of that. And again, that's all that's a lot of the business logistics sides of things. I talk a lot about that in our coaching group. Can I say something if y'all don't want to talk about economics of a business? I don't know how you're gonna plan on making money in a business. So that's just it's not it's not going to work for you. So we have to have that conversation about economics, we have to have a conversation about how do you actually turn it profitable for you. By the way, I work with a lot of nonprofits as well, they don't make any money profitably. But a nonprofit actually brings in most nonprofits that I work with bring in millions of dollars. And they, they spend every dollar they make on impact, but they're very strategic with every dollar they spend to make sure that it's going to something that's impactful because a lot of it also comes through donations. So they got to be very and they're very accountable to what they're spending that money on. The lot of nonprofits that are actually just glorified scams. I don't, I don't work with people that are like that. I want to nonprofits I work with, they help rescue kids from child sex trafficking. And they actually like go go into the darkest places in the world and actually buy these children back and give them a different life, it's better than what they were in. And it's not just like a like better, but it's like the best life that they could live, you know, meaning they even manage and help with the the orphanages and the adoption, and the foster care and all of that. And then even following up with where those kids are going, sorry, anyway, that's a that's a big conversation. That's a that's a nonprofit. As far as that goes, if you run a nonprofit, or you want to run a nonprofit, or you want to do like very low profits, you don't have to pay a lot of taxes. That's great. We got tax season coming up. The more profit you make, though, the more you gotta pay in taxes. I had my biggest tax bill, two years ago, my biggest tax bill last year, probably gonna have my biggest tax bill again this year. The IRS loves me because I just send them tons of money. And so because the more I make, the more they get, as far as that goes, so before prophet after prophet, really, you got to decide what type of business you want to live build, the more profit you have, you're out of fight or flight. If you're running very tight, where you don't have a lot of money left over, you're in constant emergency, rescuing yourself trying to sustain things trying to stay afloat. So you have to understand that side of it. Okay. So your messaging is what actually brings people in on the before profit level. This is messaging number two, okay. We don't even talk about this until step six. We're barely going to talk about this during the three days here today. Okay, so step two is the like the words that you put on everything, the sales, copy all of that. Step number three, is your tech your funnel. That's your that's where you build your landing page out the tech. That's where you build out like the email autoresponders. That's where you structure? How am I going to show up and talk to people? How am I going to actually deliver this when I sell it to them, stuff like that, okay. A lot of people get really stuck right here. And they're overwhelmed by this. Okay. And they haven't even figured this these two out yet. They're distracting themselves with tech overwhelm, and they don't even know what their messaging is. Because we develop most of your messaging, in a Google Doc. And in, in like basic email software, and using, we brainstorm with different AI tools, like chat, GPT plus, or Gemini advanced. Those are my two favorites. Gemini advanced has like a 60 day trial. So that's kind of cool. Um, but AI is actually really bad at creating good sales and marketing messaging. It's not very good at it. Why because everybody's using AI to do it. So now that everybody's using the AI to do their marketing messaging, it sucks. Because now you saw like the worst version of everybody else that's out there when you use AI. That's happened in one year. A year ago, using AI gave you the best marketing messaging. Now today, it gives you the worst. So it is okay to get angry at that complaint, be upset, or accept that that is the way the world works. Okay. The algorithm changes all the time algorithms are AI driven. We can either get upset and angry that things aren't consistent, how many all value consistency in your life and then you hear me talking about the fact that business is not consistent. So that so the issue with that is, is that you actually have to get really, really comfortable with what irritates you. I'm gonna say that again. For you to be able to and by the way, this is literally what I teach people to help them break past. They're overwhelmed with technology. As I tell them, you have to get comfortable and fall in love with what irritates you the most because what irritates most of my clients is the tech stuff. And then the Facebook Ads Manager is like, because if they got irritated by building the funnel or the landing page or using chat, GBT, then they're not even going to be able to use the ads manager at that point. So what I recommend a lot of people do like, especially if they're really tech challenged, that is an incredible website and a resource that I tell people they can go to. In my coaching group, I have a number of vetted people off of here that we work with whether they're overseas or in the United States. But this is, this is for people in the Philippines that you can hire. It's called online jobs.ph. And so you can hire people that can do graphics, they can set up your social media, they can create your ads, they can edit your videos, help you do Facebook, the ads, and a lot of the tech stuff you can hire people for on online jobs.ph. There's also people you can hire on Fiverr, the freelance services marketplace Fiverr has gotten a little bit better, I would say online jobs that pH and Fiverr are basically neck and neck competitors with each other fiber is more for one off projects. So if you can figure out specifically what step you're stuck on, you can find someone on Fiverr to help with it and a low cost. Online Jobs if you like actually want to hire somebody, like consistently to do stuff, and you can hire somebody like for like five hours a week. And you can hire people in the Philippines for three to $5 an hour as well. Off of that site. US dollars, and that's a good, that's a good pay for them for a lot of a lot of the people that are in there. Okay, so tax side of things. That's step number three. Okay. Robin, you got this all set up already? You already got that side? Yet your whole funnel and everything? Oh,

[672:25] Speaker 3: no, sir, I don't have it built out. I'm just, I'm doing good to track with you and taking my notes and finding out what the process is. And then I'll jump in with implementation. But first, I need to kind of learn the process.

[675:51] Speaker 0: Yeah, so Then step number four is promote. This is where you and this is the part that's the most uncomfortable for people. Because it challenges everything we believe about ourselves. self promotion is demonized. In our world today, it's condemned, it's cancellable worthy, most of the time you promoting yourself is grounds for all of your friends no longer being friends with you, for most people. Because it's you think, Oh, you think you're better than all of us type of a thing. As far as that goes. So what ends up happening is most people can't even promote their business to the point that it's profitable, because they will get threatened or lose a lot of their friends and family and my experience, because you're growing at an accelerated rate faster than everybody else in your world. And they don't want you to be that person. They want to keep you back as the broke, non successful version of yourself, that has to work a corporate job, so that it doesn't challenge what they believe about themselves so that they don't feel bad about the fact that they're not where you are. What ends up happening though, that make new friends that are where you're going

[696:42] Speaker 3: or seeing that some of

[697:03] Speaker 0: your friends and family will come up to the higher level with you. That makes sense.

[699:01] Speaker 3: It does. I have found that secure people will celebrate you trying to level up your life and insecure people will give you crap about it. And that just really they're self identifying whether or not they're really good people to be with you. I think it's

[703:01] Speaker 0: hard to say that people aren't good people because it's like actually I think people

[704:17] Speaker 3: are gonna be they're not good people but they're not really good for you like exactly

[705:16] Speaker 0: I mean that's the thing people can be good people but not be good for you. That's a distinction. I love that

[706:58] Speaker 3: not saying they're bad people but the people that try to hold me back are just not good nutrients for my life. That's

[708:39] Speaker 0: great. Love that. Yep, absolutely. So anyways promotion that can be with Facebook ads that can be organic. And the number one thing again, what I'm talking about here is really what this is the probably the most unfiltered version of how it taught this and unfortunately it's why a lot of people have not even listened to what I talked about because they want to hear a filtered more Mr. Rogers version Yes. I'm my son likes Daniel Tiger. I grew up on Mr. Rogers, anyways, a promotion. That would be like you're putting yourself out there, you're saying I have something of value. And you look like you're very upfront about the fact that you have something to sell. You're not trying to just string people along bait and switch them around. Like the fact that now now now, I'll tell you this, when you're upfront and honest with people about the fact that you, you do sell something, and you do make a business and that money is important to you and all that. That actually serves to have more people like you. In general, you'll have some people that will need to demonize that you're just all about the money. Well, they're not your people anyways. But if you are trying to bait and switch, passive aggressive, pretend like you don't want to make money. And then you're like, Haha, just kidding. It's cost you something. People are gonna feel betrayed. So the fastest way to lose trust with people that you build is to betray them. That makes sense. So when we talk about building trust with people, you need to carry it all the way through. Like when I was dating, if I was like, No, I don't want to have sex. And then like, I was like, Haha, just kidding. Like, that's actually like, that's betrayal. As far as that goes. That's what most people are actually doing in business is they're betraying a lot of people.

[745:01] Speaker 0: Aaron has to leave. Karen, is there a quick question you have before you gotta go?

[747:26] Speaker 0: Karen, Karen, camera and Ken, are there questions you had before we gotta go? Here. Okay, I see you said finding your superpower your niche. Alright. So anyways, we're breaking down the steps. As far as this goes promotion. Again, Facebook ads that can be organic, that can be a lot of different things. Step number five, here's what's here. This crazy, each step just gets scarier and scarier.

[757:38] Speaker 0: It doesn't get easier each step you go. Because now step number five is you have to sell. So you're promoting to get people on your email list to get them in front of you to download something to buy a book, a free book or something like this. But all of these steps are before you make a profit. You're not even profitable yet. Then you have to sell.

[767:28] Speaker 0: And I'm gonna, I'm gonna say something and this is going to probably be the straw that breaks the camel's back for a lot of people. You have to sell in such a way that makes you more money than you need. You have to sell in such a way that you make an abundance of finances more above and beyond what you actually need to operate, survive and run and live your life. Because if you don't, you don't have a business, you don't have a business, you have a massive time wasting hobby that makes you feel really good because maybe it helps a lot of people, but your impact is massively limited as well. It's plateaued at the level at which you're willing to sell and make money more than you actually need. Okay, so we live in a socio economic world right now where people are struggling to pay their bills and rent. And the number one thing that you need to do is make way more money than everybody else who's struggling. And if you are not willing to do that you might as well go give up on this dream that you have that you're here today. I'm being straight up with you and go go get a corporate job and work for somebody else who is actually willing to do this. Okay. I'm not joking. If you are unwilling to make more money than you need to survive, like above and beyond more than you think anybody needs

[796:56] Speaker 0: because you need enough to put away for the for the the lien seasons for economic downturns for times when times are tough so that you can keep the doors open and keep paying your employees. And there's always lean seasons in business, there's always time when people stopped buying, and you have to pivot, and you have to adjust and things like that if you don't have capital and cash flow to be able to sustain during those seasons. That'll wipe you out. And all of your money will be transferred to somebody else who was willing to do this. Okay. So we live in a world today that demonizes everything that I just said for the last two minutes. We live in a society today that actually says that it's evil to do those things. And what I find is that most of the very best coaches that I meet, also think that it's massively unethical to do to make more money than they need to survive. This is why I actually stopped working with a lot of nonprofits, because it's legally not allowable for them to make more money than they need to survive. So what I found was that by working with business owners, at least there's a structure and a system to where it is, it is somewhat encouraged to be able to make more than you need to survive. There's a lot of tax benefits. Because there's an interesting thing that happens, you pay a lot in taxes, and then you make so much that you end up paying way less in taxes than anybody else by percentage. Because all the loopholes kick in. Because they want you to be able to create more jobs and create a lot more money and more wealth as far as that goes. Okay, so you want to cross over into that bracket. And that bracket usually happens when people hit about about about 5 million a year in profit, five to 10 million year. Um, and then a whole bunch of other problems happen that I only want to talk about here today. Um, it's interesting, it's why it probably a lot of people that I know haven't gone past the 20 million mark, because that's where you it's like, things are a little scary, like you need bodyguards and things like that, because then you got people like, trying to steal your money. You know, it's, it's crazy what happens more money, more problems, but below below 10 to 20 million, like you're pretty safe in our current economy right now. Um, most people won't come after you unless you're a complete jerk. If you're not a jerk, you're fine. by most standards, um, so you got to learn to sell and you got to learn to sell and make money more than you need to pay the bills to pay the ad spend to pay all that. And then that will allow you to continue to grow. A lot of what prevents people from doing these two has nothing to do with business strategy. You can learn the business strategy in an afternoon you can learn how to sell in an hour, you can learn how to run Facebook ads and promote your business in an hour. It's the mental stuff because you're having to unlearn everything you've ever been taught that has that has made you successful in your life. So most of the stuff that makes people really successful in life, especially as educators, you have to unlearn most of those things in this area of sales and marketing to make any of these work for you. So that's why I say before profit and after profit, okay? So like when it comes to you coaching people when it comes to you mentoring people, a lot of what has made you a great mentor, coach, don't change that. So that's what that's why I can teach people how to coach really well I have a I have a whole training course on how to run an impactful mastermind be an incredible coach, things like that. For beginners and stuff like that, a lot of training where I teach how to how to do what I do and I coach people, um, but I work with a lot of people they're already great educators, they're already great teachers, they're already really good at their content creation side of things in their message. So if you feel confident in that I don't even like come close to telling you what to do in that that first. But what I vote where you got to challenge is the line of like, how do you actually get people in the door most of what makes people a really good educator and coach makes them terrible at sales and marketing as because of how their brain is around promotion and sales as far as this goes. So it's really rewiring a lot of the a lot of the the what's going on up here. That will help you get really good at this. Okay. One of the number one ones like when it comes to sales is not giving people what they want simply because they want it

[878:29] Speaker 0: when people ask questions, and they want you to answer a question One of the number one sales strategies is learning when to give the answer and when not to. And realizing that just because somebody wants something from you, you're not obligated to give it to them. Again, we know that in dating Well, you know, we, some of us, if your family member called up and said, Hey, I just I need $500, I can't pay my rent, you would feel obligated to give it to them simply because they said so. Most of the time, in my, in my experience, it's probably just because I hung out around some really crappy people, before I got my head on straight. Those people were using it for drugs and alcohol and things like that. And they had plenty of money, and you were the 10th person they call to get 500 bucks from because that's their scam that they're running. You know? And so like literally learning to say no, when people demand things of you is, is and being okay with that, you'll be able to see if the relationship continues that will tell you if it was a legitimate ask or not, because they'll they'll use it cut you off, if they're not getting what they want from you know, I'm so becoming okay with the fact that you don't need to give people what they want to live because they want it or simply because you can help them. That's another one is what will make you really good at promotion and sales is realizing that just because you can help somebody doesn't mean you should. And oftentimes, it's better to only help those that are qualified to get the information from you. Not just anybody simply because you think you can help them. And that was one of the biggest things I had to learn unlearn. And that was and that's that's where we're going to kind of close out today here is that is that for you to be able to really

[914:04] Speaker 0: be build your business

[916:12] Speaker 0: you have to realize that there's a time and a place for everything. And that boundaries on your time, what you're willing to give, when you're willing to give it where you're willing to show up, how much time you're willing to give is very important. Okay. And just because somebody asks something of you doesn't mean you need to give it to them, just because it doesn't mean you owe anything to them. As far as that goes, Okay, so, and here's what I have found, is in this business, entitled clients are the worst, when they feel entitled to your information, when they feel entitled to you answering them simply because they're in the room with you, simply because they paid to be there, simply because they're spending their time with you.

[930:05] Speaker 0: I don't ever want somebody who is entitled to any part of my brain, anywhere near my business or my clients. And so I strategically work to repel those people to make sure that they don't come anywhere near what we do. And so when it comes to sales, when it comes to promotion, it's getting rid of the desperation, the need for a sale, the need for people to accept you the need for people's approval, as far as that goes. Okay, that's generally the need for others approval is what stops this more than anything else. Not the strategy, not the process is the need for others approval. Okay. And then number six, right, we said there were six steps and then we're going to close it out here is you analyze the results of your sales and promotion. So you analyze Okay, how did the promotion do? What are the numbers? This is where you come face to face with the truth. And you don't cry, you don't whine you don't give up. You don't spend six to 12 to 18 months feeling like a failure because things didn't go your way. Unfortunately, most of the grown adults that I work with do that. They run one campaign, they promote it and now they take six years recovering from the trauma of losing $1,000 on Facebook ads. And I don't mean to discredit that or sound harsh or sound like I don't have any empathy. I understand what that's like because I did the same Things for years. But the faster you can recover from things not going your way. And you get back on the horse again, and you analyze what happened, and then you, you loop right back around to step number number one and two, you say, okay, was my niche, the niche workout, do I need to pivot a little bit, that's why I say your niche will change. Because eventually, after about 12, to 18 months of this, you're gonna be like, Okay, I need to change the niche, because that's gonna make me more profitable, I need to change the niche. Um, in the beginning, you might be changing your niche every two months, every three months while you're refining things, and then it'll kind of get longer and longer. And then your messaging and you don't change your messaging a lot. You're just tweaking things slightly. You're tweaking what you say in the presentation, you're tweaking what you're saying, in the conversation, you're experimenting a lot to see, okay, is this producing this result? What result did this produce? And how do I need to pivot and adjust as far as that goes, Okay? I'm going to expose something to y'all that is probably going to lose trust for about half of you and me. And I will probably not see half of you. After today, you ready for it? If you have seen my messaging that I said about how we're teaching something totally different, during these three days, in the last three days, it's because the last three day event I did didn't perform as well as I wanted it to. And so to some people, that means Oh, was Jeremiah and authentic that time? No, I was experimenting to see a certain style of marketing, promotion, messaging, teaching as far as that goes. And so I'm going back to a little bit of I'm kind of combining a little bit of the data that I learned from that, and with what I know, has worked really well for my business. And then I'm kind of bringing that all together into this three day as far as here and, and so yeah, that's it. But every time I like I'm actually vulnerable and truthful with people about the fact that, hey, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes, I lose about 50%. Everybody I talk to they don't want anything to with me. So cancel me. I'm not afraid. As far as unsubscribe from my email list, I would love to lose your contact information. It will benefit both of us. I'm not joking when I say that. So anyways, for everybody else that's watching this, if you can stomach listen to me and other day. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow, as far as that goes. All right, Jason. Oh, man, we forgot to answer your question here. What's up? Jason? I'm interested in knowing the process for doing market research finding direct and indirect competitors. Can you explain that a little bit to me?

[1002:10] Speaker 4: Yeah, so obviously, the markets that I'm in, I know who the players are. I know. We're looking at like I said, we were talking before about paying attention to seeing what other marketers are doing, what they're doing in their marketing, where they're doing their offers, how they're speaking to the marketplace. But the last time we had a conversation you had mentioned, people who are already aware of like, pays more be coding standard, said, Alex, we're Mosy. But I was wondering if Hacket when tackling a new market? What is it some of the things that you do? Oh, yeah, have you done market research? Well, when

[1010:57] Speaker 0: it comes to tackling a new market, I don't like going into new markets. Personally, I'm not a big fan of it. Um, I like to make slight and small pivots over time, like adjusting like 10% of what we're doing 20% Here and there. Because generally, when you tackle a new market, it's not going to work out front. I mean, even just changing 10% of your messaging can lose you like 90% of your sales.

[1019:06] Speaker 4: I don't know that that makes a huge sense. I mean, the reason why I'm asking is because one of the things that I'm changing for myself, for more of my my upper limit on clients and offerings is that what I want to do is because I'm looking for opportunities where i is less so much about the high fee upfront, but companies that I can work with, and also get maybe part equity in the company to go ahead and have a better shared interest. And so, as I'm looking for these already profitable companies, yeah, only I only want companies that are when I say like this that have been around for at least I say maybe two to three years minimum companies that are doing at least a million dollars a year, top line after market, product market market fit, that I can just go in and kind of like do what I do. I'm not looking for. We're looking for startup startups.

[1034:34] Speaker 0: Okay. You have a track record in that space. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, then you need to talk about what you've done with other companies that are at that level. You don't need to necessarily name them by name if you can't

[1040:00] Speaker 0: I had a 15 I had a 10 year non compete, or I had a 10 year non compete and non disclosure with Danny johnson.com.

[1042:16] Speaker 4: Yep, the and so you know exactly what it's like to work with big names or names that

[1043:35] Speaker 0: I wasn't even allowed to say I had ever helped her or any of her people for 10 years. And I, that was that was back in. When I had stopped working with her, that was back in 2011. So till 2021 I couldn't even like talk about it raising. Yeah, and then a lot of and then a lot of especially like ministry clients, they don't want people to know how much money they got flowing through. Like, I know ministries that I've worked with, they got like $100 million going through. But like, they would get canceled on every tabloid if that was published. So they literally I'm not even allowed to talk about, but I've helped them or they will sue me. So, yeah, and I know what that's like. But you can talk about like, I've helped a, a college do this, or I've helped a organization do this, or they were in this space where now if you can't do that, I would get a real good attorney to maybe look over whatever agreements you've signed. Yeah, even passively talking about what you've done. Okay. That's, that's a little bit that sounds like this is the let me ask you this. Jason is the mafia. Are they threatening to break your legs? Is that what's going on?

[1066:30] Speaker 4: No. Good. Yeah.

[1067:03] Speaker 0: Okay. Because I guess I'm like, I'm like, there is law enforcement help for things like that, you know, we can we can put you under state's witness, so but all right. Yeah. No, you just gotta like, so yeah, definitely talk about like what you've done with other people if you have done this in that space? Um you concerned about coming across braggadocious? Lee?

[1075:44] Speaker 4: Not really, it's I mean, but I think the main thing that I think another part of a question was because, again, I've done it in certain market spaces. And what I want to do now is that I kind of want to tap into what's going on in the healthcare slash biotech space. Anything and that's not I don't I have, but not to the level that I currently want to go ahead and do. So. Yeah.

[1083:15] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, that I'll tell you this, that's something that gosh, you're tapping into something that I have been trying to even figure out myself. I'll tell you something, I can actually disclose I got invited in to help with marketing on a project that Robin Thicke is working on with Rich The Kid and TYT dollar sign along, and the like, I have never produced music. But what I did with Rick Pitino and all of that, you know, it's actually with one of Rick's partners, he's pivoted out of the worship space, and he's going into that space. And they brought me in to find investors. So, yeah, and he's told me I can tell anybody about it. I don't even have a contract on that, which is crazy. But like, um, but do I have a lot of my experience in that space is I'm I'm borrowing from the fact that, okay, the guy I'm working with has seven years experience, or I have seven years of relationship with him. And he has like 30 years experience in the music industry. So you might need to borrow somebody else's clout. When you go into a space that you've not been at a certain level, does that make sense? Yeah, to kind of build your name in that space, borrow somebody else's clout. And let them know. And then the way I like to do that is just just, you know, I told my buddy, I said, Hey, I'd love to, like just brainstorm this stuff. I said, again, I'm not trying to make any money off of it right now. I said, if there's a if there's a partnership opportunity, you know, we can talk splits and numbers and stuff like that. But again, I like Let's just hang out and just have some dinner together and talk about this. That's it. I told him about the music stuff. I was like, let's just let's just go get some dinner in Waco. They, like in a couple of weeks. He lives in Dallas. So because that's how things like that start up, you know, and then we have a conversation that's like, oh, like, let's bring this in here. Let's do that. Let's bring this person in. Okay, let's form a company. You're gonna have 30% ownership when you get 30% of the profit. And in six months now, you know, I'm doing a deal like that. If that's what you're wanting to do, that's how I would structure that. But you asked a question that was something different you asked. about market research and finding direct and indirect competitors. Yeah.

[1121:02] Speaker 4: So again, because, again, the reason why I say direct and indirect competitors is because that's it. Like right now I'm looking at a couple of education tech companies. And so obviously, as I go in there, and I talk to them, I want to be able to go ahead and better talk about what's going on with your marketplace, who the movers and shakers are, what are some of the things that they're doing that they could be doing better? And let's say, I have ideas about how to do market research, but I was wanting to know, maybe you had another way that you found? Oh,

[1128:31] Speaker 0: yeah, I taught this in the Facebook ads training VIP. On Saturday.

[1130:51] Speaker 4: Okay, so I'm gonna glad that did double check that again. Okay. Did you remember that? Yeah. So maybe I missed it. Okay. Yeah, it was, it was in the VIP,

[1132:39] Speaker 0: it was at the end of it. Okay. Talking about setting a mood with like, movies and music, and then getting your social media algorithm done. I talked about that part.

[1136:17] Speaker 4: I like the sounds because I had to go back and listen to it. I do remember something vaguely about? I'm talking about movies and music.

[1138:31] Speaker 0: Yeah, that was a big part of it is like, I will go and I'll watch on Netflix, cuz all these are connected. Now. All these platforms, like behind the scenes with your IP address. So I'll literally watch movies that have the vibe of the market that I'm trying to go into? Yes, yeah. And then I'll literally I'll play video games. I'll look at stuff on Amazon. I'll go to websites. I'll Google stuff. I'll ask chat. TPT, I'll ask IGBT for ideas. I'll say, hey, I want to go into this market. Are there any movies that are related to the work that they do in this market that I can learn stuff? And then I literally just start tapping into my subconscious to do this. And then I start scrolling social media, when I'm in this mindset, so I kind of like do this. I'm a consumer of content. I'm pretending like I'm one of my, my clients or competitors. Or, like, I'm the person I'm looking for

[1151:42] Speaker 4: you. I remember your mom match or something like that a while a while ago, but when I when I first found her about basically reading and Mark is mind reading the things that they read, instead of so

[1154:41] Speaker 0: you were you were in my mom's coaching program.

[1155:51] Speaker 4: That coaching program I just followed at a couple of our courses or classes. Oh, yeah, I was part of her membership for a while before she when she officially shut it down. Yeah, that was

[1158:48] Speaker 0: that was her. That was her. You're right. That was her coaching program was the membership? Yep. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. I didn't know that. Yeah, very cool. Well, then that I mean, that gives me a lot more context, to not have to explain stuff as much too, you know, either. Yeah. I find that people have been a part of my mom's stuff before, I can use less words when I talk with them. So, but a lot of people don't seem to want to tell me they were part of it before, it was just so fun. Um, so it's helpful when I know that. Ah, okay. Yeah. So you put yourself like in there. And then what it does is it, it puts you in the mindset of like, where the market you're trying to enter. And then what I do is I will scroll Instagram, Facebook, and tick tock in that mindset and start liking content that's related to the stuff that I was just watching. And then the algorithm will literally start showing me ads from all the direct and indirect competitors. And then I'll start seeing all the influencers content on my algorithm, and YouTube as well.

[1177:44] Speaker 4: Oh, one last thing before because I have to go ahead and run through a quick meeting. I was going through your your tabs up to the PDF, the Google Drive doc. And I think it's really cool to put together I was using it to go ahead and I was following the sales copy prompts and going through with it, and going through everything. And I mean, I just I love this AI stuff is really, really, really cool. And cuts down on time. A lot. Yeah. Was that it? Yeah. Was one of the ways that and thank you for putting it together. Oh, cool. Awesome. Yeah.

[1187:02] Speaker 0: And honestly, that's like a it's funny. That's like a 5% level of the stuff that we show people to do with AI in my coaching group, because a lot of it's like, very different than I can't just put in a Google Doc. And so I like work with people through a lot of different things. One of the ways that I do is like we end up taking images and graphics and using like this sort of like snapshot virtual reality to create sales copy based on creating visuals and environments that mirror what we're trying to sell to people. But it takes quite a little bit of training to get people to that place where they're able to even understand how that works. Interesting. So it's not I'm taking what we did with this. Basically, if you got a great sales letter with those prompts, what I like to then do is say, make me an image of what the ultimate outcome of this person of this looks like. And I start refining that image down in the in with dally three. And then I say, now rewrite the sales copy based on the vibe and energy of this image, so that it creates the the best possible version of the sales copy that speaks to what somebody would be experiencing to get them to purchase a webinar that would turn their life into this photograph works really, really well. It goes like it's that's what we've been doing with our AI stuff lately. And they don't you're not going to find any of that anywhere. In most of the chat GBT info out there. Because it's like, it's like, it's so there's a lot of steps to get there with your brain to understand that, and that's just step one of what I'm showing people how to do with AI. So, um, Sarah asked, Sarah, what's up? You missed the top end of this VIP. So sorry, how soon will be uploaded into the portal? Probably by tonight or tomorrow? takes a little while. So we'll, we'll, but it'll, it'll be in there. So yeah. All righty. This is great, great questions. I'm excited. Because I'm gonna I'm gonna come and take these questions. So just a little bit of like, look under the hood here. When we talked about this, what's going to make tomorrow's training really fun for everybody, I'm going to take these questions. And then I'm going to come up kind of take what I've taught previously, about these steps. And I'm going to create an outline for what I'm going to kind of teach in the main session, and then make it interactive with everybody who's on that session, based on a lot of these questions that came in here in the VIP today. So I'm not necessarily going to be teaching what we taught in the VIP today. But I'm going to be using these questions that came in in the VIP, to sort of design about 50% of what I'm gonna be teaching tomorrow, which is cool. And that's what I that's what that's how I run my coaching program, as our coaching program is developed based off of the questions that come in, from our, from our clients. And then I use the AI, I do like the same way that we write sales copy, and I use the AI to brainstorm our courses, like what the topics are, and the lessons and stuff like that on a very deep level. And a lot of our stuff, a lot of our clients are like, Oh my gosh, that was exactly the steps that I was on and what I was needing and struggling with. And I'm literally figuring it out, like in real time and delivering it before they even asked me at that point. But but that's what people that I've been working with for so long. In settings like this, that's why I need the questions. It's like I can I can read them read the mind, of my paid clients that I've been working with for a lot longer, much better than as bored as intuition, I think is what it is intuition, empathy, and a lot of data and experience. I can tell what people want quicker if I've worked with them a lot longer. If I've never had a conversation with you like the sleep success coach, I see you right here, how to get a good night's sleep. I wouldn't know how to help you with your business to be honest.

[1257:24] Speaker 1: I do a lot of online courses. Okay, cool. I want to I do want to create a membership, a membership site like, mine type thing. As

[1260:02] Speaker 0: I was saying this last week, though, I've had a lot of sleep coaches, that I've tried to work with me. And I've not been successful at helping them sell anything. Yeah. You

[1262:34] Speaker 1: mentioned about the Facebook ads stuff. For some reason, it doesn't work. The Facebook ads.

[1263:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you gotta like you gotta like, You got to change the messaging just a little bit when you're advertising. So sweet. Coaching might still be what you're doing, but the messaging needs to pivot. Yeah,

[1266:32] Speaker 1: the message that I'm saying is, I'm helping professional women get more energy and more focus. That's

[1268:41] Speaker 0: better. Yeah. And then we got to think about why do they want more energy?

[1269:35] Speaker 1: Yeah, to be more productive and earn more money and have more people and hold us? Yeah.

[1270:55] Speaker 0: Which ultimately, I mean, let's get that. Let's see that more productive, earn more money, help more people? Um, I just watched a movie on Netflix called Molly's game. Have you seen that? No. It's really good as far as what you're saying with your niche. Because she's a woman that went out there and accidentally, she didn't even realize it like broke the law on a federal level almost went to prison, all this crazy stuff. And it all broke down to her need and desire was to make more money impact more people and do all of that and really, it went back to I'm not going to ruin the movie for you. Basically her father character in the movie was Kevin Costner, and he was a therapist. And it was her relationship with her dad and things that she saw him do when she was like six years old, is what actually drove that desire to earn more money more success and do all that. And it was like, okay, that's crazy. Because it drove her to do things that actually got her in trouble with the law. And she was involved with the Russian mafia and all this crazy stuff. Where she never would have gone that route. If she maybe had just like, known that what was really driving it was this really deep wounds wound with her. Here's what's crazy. Her dad and her were best friends.

[1290:15] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah,

[1290:39] Speaker 0: yeah, I heard there, huh. So? Yeah, so it's interesting. It's very, it was a good, it's a good movie Molly's game, it brought a lot of healing to me, because that was exactly what was driving me as well in business for the longest time, and it was like, I was like, I had like my own like mini therapy session watching the movie. It was great. So like, so that's why like, if you're seeing me even more clear talking today. Honestly, it's because of conversations I've had with my therapists, watching different movies that are related to certain things that I was struggling with that were teach that taught me a lot of different lessons. So that's one thing that I do is I use entertainment to teach me lessons. I want to tap my brain into like, okay, if I'm going to watch a movie, I want this to be productive for my life. Well, I want to learn a lesson through this. So anytime I'm consuming entertainment, it's not to zone out or check out it's actually to better myself. And so I've figured out a way to combine entertainment, with courses coaching nonfiction, because I never I for years, I've had years where I didn't consume any entertainment. And then I just was like, Okay, I can't find any of the of the answers I'm looking for in these nonfiction books that I'm reading. So then I would go and start reading fiction that I felt drawn to and it literally had the one key that I was looking forward Wow, pulled in an allegory to me, because it spoke to a different part of my subconscious. And then it connected the dots to like five nonfiction books I just read. So I tell people this all the time a lot of people I saw guy on social media today he's like, reading nonfiction is like the worst thing you can do. It rots your brain. I was like, I disagree. I actually think that like if you can supplement it, a it can actually help you if you know how to do it. And B can teach you a lot about storytelling, which if you're a marketer, you need to know how to tell stories. So I learned a lot like this book. I'm reading through it. I'm on chapter six right now this book right here. And it's a it's a masterclass in writing sales copy to millennials.

[1326:14] Speaker 1: Said I can a cart. It's

[1326:41] Speaker 0: a masterclass in writing, sales, copy and marketing to millennials, or in some roles is, so it's like I'm finding how to speak to the mind of a market that I've not been successful with, which is people under the age of like, 40, myself, because I can sell really well to people that are over the age of 40. But I struggle with those that are under reading this book, because it's very popular with millennials is teaching me how to communicate in a way that draws in the mind of a millennial, and it's teaching me a lot about my own myself, as even when I'm drawn to in a book, that's basically, if you want to break it down, it's a retelling of Beauty and the Beast is what it is. And, yeah, so

[1339:35] Speaker 1: totally, I totally relate to what you're saying. Because when you're not using it, when you're when we're trying so hard looking for stuff to fix or whatever make me better. But when we go to films or not, that's in a different part of the brain. And we're not as sensitive and some are more open and suggested to Yeah, brilliant. Normally,

[1343:59] Speaker 0: what I do is I'll set an intention of like, okay, I want to solve this problem here today. So when I pop open a video game for like, 10 minutes, and then usually I'll just like subconsciously process the problem. And then as soon as the answer comes in, I'll turn the video game off and on, then I'll go do the thing that I was stuck on. And I've created a whole process for myself for doing this. But I've also found, like, just playing with my son helps me with that, too. Now, yeah, to play with him better, to where like, we'll just play and I'll play with him for like 30 minutes or an hour and then I have answers to problems I'm dealing with in my business. So I'll just write it down real quick. And then I'll go back to it and I've solved all the stuff. I'm dealing with my business. Having kids is so valuable. I found if you don't have kids friends is kind of the next best thing for that just hanging out with friends.

[1355:53] Speaker 1: I often ask my daughter, you know, what would you do in this situation with this? She's 13 That she caught. She actually came up with an answer like and I'm like, yeah,

[1358:24] Speaker 0: yeah, exactly. Kids are really great at that. Yep. My mom did that with me for years.

[1360:07] Speaker 1: Wow. That's why she's so amazing. Yeah, she

[1360:56] Speaker 0: figured that out. And now she she does it with all my brothers and all that. And now she has a half of her coaching group is Millennials now. So she's so my mom, she just turned 60. And she's surrounded with people that are younger than herself that are the age of her kids that she gets to ask questions from because now it's giving her all these ideas about place and going to the next level financially for her. So it's actually pretty cool. All right, it's an entertainment. I find video games is one of the fastest ones for me, just I grew up with video games, but fiction novels, movies. My wife watches a lot of Netflix and Amazon Prime movies. I found this my wife, she's like, Hey, I really liked this movie. You should watch it. I wasn't watching them. Every time I did, I learned something new about my wife that I didn't know. So now or relationships gotten better because I started watching the suggestion she's giving me okay. Yeah. There you go. Cool. All right, everybody. I will see you all tomorrow. This has been a great time. Have a good day tomorrow.

