VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-02-01T23:04:47.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: 8ifskEkZbpEfAvOLu_pdrs-eETs
---

[0:41] Speaker 0: All right let's do this

[5:19] Speaker 0: quite a few people coming in

[8:06] Speaker 0: live on Facebook

[18:15] Speaker 0: they for VIP q&a We now to Korean We're going live in the group right let me see here real quick trying one want to paste that right there. Go right

[28:39] Speaker 0: perfect ALL RIGHTY

[31:05] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, hello. Welcome on everybody. Welcome into our day for VIP right here. How are you doing? I hope you're doing well. And so I am sure I mean there's no there's, there's probably, I'm sure you guys have questions, things you want me to go over things you want me to maybe break down things that you want me to show you give you clarity on. And so that's kind of what I want to take either today to do. Tomorrow is VIP, I think everybody needs to be a part of the VIP, y'all that are here got, you know, the top level because like we're we're training stuff in this VIP, it's the first time I've done that I'm training stuff here that I'm actually not even bringing into the main session, because it's a little bit more exclusive in here. And so and I think it's just because it's like it's a different set of an audience as far as that goes. And so this is where it's kind of like if we want to like really dive into some of the features of some of the software platforms. Some of the Facebook ads stuff, the retargeting ads, some of the tech stuff, I think that this is a great time to be able to kind of kind of do that. And we do that often in our in our accelerator programs. I had a lady, she was like, okay, my pixel will read in the ads, can you show me what's going on, and we took like 15 minutes and broke it down, it turns out, it was set up wrong, it was broken, the connection was wrong and all that. So it's like, it's like that type of support that I really want to provide you guys with here as well in the back backstage here. As well as tomorrow, too. So raise your hand if you got questions if you got something to say let me know.

[58:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we'll kind of work with you on that. I know he's I know I think we sent out an email that said we're starting at 230 but we're early so there we go

[62:53] Speaker 0: and anybody anybody got like anything you want clarity on that we talked about here today. Heidi What's up Heidi? How are you?

[66:41] Heidi Jeremenko: I'm doing good. Um, I had asked a question in there in trying to figure out like your different offers and price points and things like that. And in doing a membership group, how much content is also needed for that.

[71:50] Speaker 0: So a membership is a little bit different than say like a strictly and this is why I've even been talking more about memberships because a lot of people have been asking about this a membership what I have always liked to do is that we're adding new content like Netflix does. And so you still got all the old stuff like you know, Netflix has all the old movies where they kind of rank the top new ones at the top there. That's how I like I like to do so I have new courses every single every single month for me and just plugs in an overage overachiever. I'm just I'm a self proclaimed overachiever. I have, I put two brand new courses on two unique, sometimes very different topics into our into our program each month. Now if if, if a course might take me six weeks to teach it, it might be like over a month and a half. And so what I like to do is like you roll out new courses as the group goes on based on what the questions people are asking are. So the courses I've created, I'm creating right now, our members have been asking me about for the last like two months, the like, like 80% of the questions are geared around and right now what we're doing is ads optimization. And then we're starting another a brand new one. All about like, how do you really coach people really well? And how do you run a group coaching program? Now, um, part of this is in and I was I was explaining this to somebody this morning, I wrote a great comment to them. And they were asking me, like, you know, as part of this, like, they were asking, I joined the accelerator program a couple months ago, and you don't have training on this topic? Is it still a good fit for me to be in here? Somebody asked me that. And like, for me, I'm like, Yes, of course, like literally the thing that you that we don't have is the new course that we're starting next week. So it's like, you know what I'm saying? And so it's like, he's been asking for this for about a month. And now like as a member, even by the way, this is a big part of what I'm going to teach how you retain members, how you retain coaching clients, how you serve people at a higher level and raise them up. Is that so he's been asking for this. He's hit a breaking point where he's like, you know, is this a good fit for me to still be in here? Because this is what I really need. What he wants me to do is he wants a whole course on how to break down the modules for a coaching program. And how do you run a really great group coaching program membership. And I told him, I said, what's awesome is that that's actually the whole focus of a complete program that we're going to be making for our members here. And it starts next week. And I've already planned and I already planned on that, like three weeks ago to start that I've been mentioning it on our calls that we're gonna be starting that course. And so that's what's really cool is that we're serving our members, oftentimes, what I look for is the questions. And I have a way that I do this, I'll just, I'm just gonna give you something like what that methodology is, I take our q&a calls, like I showed you those q&a calls that we do in the accelerator, and I take the transcripts of them. And I use chat GBT to rank for me, what are the top questions people are asking? And what are the top topics? And then I brainstorm. And I do that every week. And I'm looking at the patterns. And so if there's something every week, it keeps coming up. And it's the majority of the questions, okay, that needs to be a dedicated training program, that and when I tell you about it being a training program, it's like, Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna really expand deeper into this. Five months ago, everybody was asking about the Facebook pixel, I had for Facebook ads courses that I had made over the years in the program, but I was still getting pixel questions. So I'm like, okay, each of those courses, I only touched on the pixel for about 45 minutes. What if I really spent six weeks and just did the pixel? I like really went through it. And we took what and what was great was everybody's been like, Okay, this is the info on the pixel I've been looking for. And we're doing the same when it comes to advertising. We're doing the same when it comes to all that. So that's as a membership when it comes like how many courses to have, you can start out with initial content. And that's where, what I like to say do you do you already have some coaching clients right now some one on one clients you've worked with? Not

[144:11] Heidi Jeremenko: currently I have before in the past. Okay, cool. And so and then I dropped everything. I really got stuck in impostor stuff. And most

[147:33] Speaker 0: people that's part of their story, I started and then I dropped everything like at least some time and their story that has happened with every person I've ever met so well in

[149:59] Heidi Jeremenko: my niche is so specific. Yeah, literally still living in it. And so I dropped out of us are I figured I missed the whole membership thing and I was like, wow, this is a great idea cuz I can go ahead and serve more people. Yeah, um, but then I was trying to figure out okay, how does that work with like the group program that I have or coaching so do they crossover? Do I take some of that? I gotcha. That's, that's where I'm at. Here's the lower price point or a membership where as my group kind of more one on one work. Okay, to 200 a month versus $3,500. Great things crossover.

[161:41] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah, no great question. As far as that goes, I had a conversation, I would say your one on one, we would once you launch a group, a group coaching membership, the one on one, now we can raise those prices. Because now we make that more exclusive. And then you're trying to filter people into that. And what I love to do is this, I came up with this randomly and it's worked really well it's been a great selling factor is if somebody buys a one on one package with me, I'm gonna give them a full year in my group, I also don't make it optional. So I literally told them, they're like,

[172:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, you can't just choose one on one and the group, they're a part of the same ecosystem. And And truthfully, a lot of my one on one clients don't engage a lot in the group. And I actually tell them that on the call, I'm like you guys are, you're missing out on some key things that I broke down. So here's this, this and this, and they love it. And they go back to it. So I'm always leading them to go back to where they are. They feel like they're like the, they're better than everybody else, because of the one on one clients, right? And I'm just like, hey, listen, it's the best contents over there. This is for us to kind of figure out what's the nuances. And that's how I usually explain my one on one coaching. As I even try to dissuade people from buying one on one coaching with me, this is part of something that I that I do anytime, twice a year, I end up opening up like a one on one opportunity. And I just opened it up last month, it was $14,000. And we had, I think we had like four people that jumped into that. And I told them, I said, Listen, this is not going to be for most of you. Most of you're gonna get way more value actually, from this program right here. This is for the person that says, Okay, I've gotten as much as I can out of the program. How can I get the nuances by spending one on one time with Jeremiah, and I really sell it that way to make sure that the people I'm talking to one on one or at a high level, one of the guys has a one on one client that I have, you know, his business is doing one and a half million dollars, and he wants to go to 3 million. So it's like that's a that's a different level. And another person, she's already doing multiple six figures, she wants to go to seven figures. And so and these people have been in the program for months, and they've been following me for a while. As far as that goes. Another guy he's making 50,000 a month, he wants to go to 200,000 a month. So that's generally what my one on one has been. It's literally morphed into that, too. When I started doing I was doing one on one coaching like four or five years ago. And it was a lot of beginners. A lot of people wanted me to like do therapy with them almost. And I would like kept reiterating. I'm not a therapist, first up, I got probably got way more issues than you do. And we shouldn't be doing that together. Right.

[206:58] Heidi Jeremenko: There's a lot of hand holding and stuff and the area that I'm in because I mean, mine is for people who love addicts. Yeah. So there's this whole entire thing of No, let's kind of stay here.

[210:26] Speaker 0: It's like a it's like a codependency type program.

[211:33] Heidi Jeremenko: It's for the people that it's for family members that love addict. Yes. So because there's not stuff for families. There's a million things for addicts, but there's not a lot of stuff for families except for outcome. And lots of people don't like oh, yeah, exactly.

[214:48] Speaker 0: Al Anon. And books that are out like you know, exactly. No more is such a great book. Yeah.

[216:46] Heidi Jeremenko: But then there's those of us that have literally lived through it. I did it with my daughter. Yeah. In our area.

[218:37] Speaker 0: So how do you regain the love back without? Yeah, exactly. So I get that. It's kind of interesting, because there is

[222:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: something weird, and it might again, this is just like a first thought that popped in my head. As I was like, a lot of your group coaching may be like a new, a new version of what allanon tried to be years ago. For people.

[226:06] Heidi Jeremenko: Um, some of it is, I mean, a lot of no brainers kept but when you're living in that you don't think of it. Yeah, you know, and like right now I'm in a totally different section, because now this time around, we have CPS involved because there's Oh, wow. And so that's like this whole other totally.

[230:41] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's amazing. Yeah. nuances and things like that. And so yeah. So this is where it's like if we if we took some time, and we kind of broke it down. And what I love to do is have people kind of break down for me and you could even do this before tomorrow. Kind of like all the different things that you have going on currently. If you're able to tell me those right now that would help to like what are all the different things you got going on, that you're offering to people because what I like to do is then streamline them, make them simple, and then have less options. But sometimes we're still able to serve the same group of people. So instead of five options, we have two options. But like three of them are combined into one, okay, then we start really honing in on who's like, getting results from it and really being impacted. That's, that's another thing I do share with people is like, especially when it comes to that demographic, I had a lady she wanted to build a coaching program for people that were caregivers of elderly parents. And I, it's such a, it's such an a powerful niche that needs a lot of people. But her problem was, everybody has all these different issues, and not very many of them, many of them get results, and I was like, to make group coaching work, you're gonna have to realize that, that some people may not always get results with you. And they might have to go find another coach at that level. Because that's where it's like, we end up becoming limited by how many hours we have to work, our ability to stretch ourselves and scale ourselves. And so that's one of the that's one of the downsides in the beginning of group coaching is that the quality of the interaction initially, and I say initially, because it's it gets better. Initially, when you go into group coaching, and group members, when I say group coaching and membership, they're basically synonymous. It's how I see them. It's like, it's a membership to be a part of it's kind of like, it's how my program works. It's how we built it with Rick Pitino and my mom's business. A lot of very heavily expressed boundaries. That's a big part of the group membership, right? Like, for instance, I have a lot of people, they want me to reach out to them one on one, I had a lady write me yesterday, I left your program after a year, because you never reached out to me and checked in on me. And I literally talked about the fact that I don't do that. And that's actually part of by design. So but even then there will be people that are disappointed by that, because that's what they expect. And that's what they want. And they just they they don't get it. And I just reiterate graciously, like, yeah, you know, for the lifestyle that I've designed. And especially having my my son and my wife, I don't do that, maybe. And then what I say is this, and I plan on doing this, maybe we're planning some some tools where I might have team members that can reach out to you. Yeah, that's me. And as we start becoming profitable, I can start adding things like that in for more support, where I might have a VA that I've trained, and I'm checking it and I'm making sure that they're doing it right. That's one of the things when you have somebody representing you at that you got to make sure they're representing you Well,

[281:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, they can really misrepresent you as far as that goes. And so that is one thing that you do have to have a lot of like, you want to have oversight, but not like too much control, you squash them. It's a whole side of that. That's what I teach a lot in like the outsourcing course is how we do that. I also want to create a certification program where I might be able to certify people in my methods and serve people that level. But that's like phase three, four and five of your group coaching program to where like, after you have hundreds of people in there, and it's it's growing, it turns into that. So the courses are always just kind of like if you have a recurring question that comes up you can create a course and you can roll it out one lesson a week is how I like to do it.

[292:13] Heidi Jeremenko: The and that's I basically already have that was about 16 weeks and load those I've been in this for a long time. I just jumped in. I was too in my head about writing copy and all the rest of it. I have a website. It has a landing page. I have all the things

[296:35] Speaker 0: in your head as much right now, though.

[297:13] Heidi Jeremenko: I not I had such clarity on everything. And I now all in on all things. And there is no turning back on this because I literally quit my job on Tuesday. Yeah, this is where it's at AI and this was given to me a long time ago. And I haven't done what I was supposed to do with it. I'm not stewarded it well happens,

[304:06] Speaker 0: we would listen.

[306:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've cried more tears for that in my own business for being like, like what I share with people today has been inside of me for like, over 10 years. But I've not had the courage to bring it to people at the level that I currently am. Because

[311:24] Speaker 0: I was working for my mom, I was working for Danny Johnson and I wanted to serve them really well. And I didn't want to make it about me. And yet at the back of my mind, I had people encouraging me that like Jeremiah, you could literally be a millionaire mentor. I had people 12 years ago telling me that there's no reason that you literally can't be the one of the best mentors in this space that's out there. 12 years ago, people were telling me that and I remember I taught my first course with my mom, I remember it clearly. It was in 2009 That was 15 years. ago, I taught a course where they're all about affiliate marketing, because I had actually made, I had made $750,000 in affiliate marketing in 2009. So she was like, I want you to teach my group this, my mom had this business that was growing and, and at the time, I was also working for Danny Johnson. There's this whole kind of weird intersection right there. Where like the crossover when I went from working with Danny to then working with my mom, and I hosted this call with my mom, we literally had like, 2000 people on there listening to me teach about affiliate marketing, and then I never did anything with it. I never launched my own program course brand, anything like that, because and if it seems annoying to some of you that I talk and harp so much on the mindset, it's because that's why it took so long. Yeah, excuse after excuse after excuse of why it wasn't good enough, and I wasn't ready yet. And I didn't want to disappoint people. The truth is, is like yes, we deliver quality products with excellence, we serve people at a high level, we do so with integrity. But sometimes we got to just put ourselves out there and rip the band aid off.

[340:01] Heidi Jeremenko: That's where I'm at in there are no options now rip the band aid off. And let's do this. Because they do have all the other things in place. It's just a matter of okay, what does this look like I have the program, I have the landing planes,

[343:26] Speaker 0: some of those in there, put some of the programs you already have in there to start. And one thing that I like to do is if you're again, I'm a I'm a I'm not taught much about this in my free content, I talk a lot about it in my accelerator. You just see, this is how I come up with ideas for like, Okay, I need to make more free content on this. I literally, like obsess over transcripts of live sessions that I've taught, and q&a sessions. And I use the AI to break down for me patterns and recognize them like that. So when I do sometimes as I will take all the transcripts of like four of my courses. And then I'll tell the AI compare all of these and find the gaps of what I haven't taught as it relates to these questions that these clients asked. See,

[355:38] Heidi Jeremenko: I got hung up in the challenge thing like you were talking eight that they're like, oh, no, you do need to deal with challenge for this. And the challenge for that. And oh, yeah, how you get I don't want to do challenges. I would rather go ahead, truly and run some Facebook ads and that sort of thing. Yeah, I don't want to do challenges. I don't mind a one day. Yeah. But I would not the challenge queen.

[362:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, do do a one day, I think that's great for you like a single day. Um, you know, I was talking to a few people on this and this whole thing like this, after COVID, like sending people straight to a coaching membership, the sales on that have dropped down exponentially. If your membership fee is more than $37 a month.

[368:32] Speaker 0: And you're not offering basically a free trial or a $1 trial, you can run ads like a $1 trial, you'll pretty much lose money like the first month, but then you'll make the profit the second month. And that does work. I noticed I know a guy he built. It was a friend of mine, he built like two months ago, a membership at 37 bucks a month. And he got like 500 people in it doing a $1 trial for the first month. And then he said about half of them stayed the second month. So he lost half the people. But he still had like 250 people now paying a monthly 37 bucks a month. And so like that was that that is a way to do that. Just realize you need a little have a little bit of capital for that. What gets people to buy in with you now is because there's so much noise in the coaching and mentoring space compared to even five years ago. And so then the problem is everybody sounds like the same as everybody else and it looks the same. And even if you're unique and you got these amazing products, you still to the untrained eye like sound exactly like I have a lot of people all the time every month like Jeremiah, like you're no different than everybody else out there doing this, none of your stuffs different all that. And I'm just like, okay, like, that's fine. Come in here. And if you're having these issues, and that's why when we understand what emotionally drives people to make the decision to join us. That's what makes us different on the front end. I made a really fun discussion just for kicks. Because I I had this crazy thought this morning, I went into the Clickfunnels group. And I went into the Kajabi group. And I made a comment and I made a post in there it says you know how much is too expensive for your coaching? And I got great comments from people. They're like, well, it has to be related to the transformation that you bring people. What kind of transformation that you bring them. But nobody and it was so funny. Nobody mentioned this. What about them believing that the transformation is actually going to happen for them? That's the key that I noticed that a lot of people still when they teach marketing, they don't talk about is that what gets people to buy is their belief that it will work for them.

[403:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what's funny is, I learned that that was the number one thing I actually learned when I was working with Danny Johnson, is the only thing that gets people to buy is their belief.

[406:42] Speaker 0: Which, sidenote is why it's also if you focus in on belief and trust, you don't actually have to have Okay, hear me out. And honestly, in my heart, you don't have to have a quality product, you can still get people to buy it from you. If they believe it's quality. Now, make it quality and you won't have a bunch of refunds and people trying to sue you and try and get government to shut you down. And now everybody's happy, right? Like none of us want to end up on a coffee Zilla broadcasts and him calling you and be like, hey, like, Did you steal all this money from people? Like, you know, like, I shudder at that yet at the same time. It's funny. I love how many y'all have watched coffee Zilla, though. He's funny. He has a disclaimer on every video, he says anybody promising to teach you to make $100,000 as a scammer, that's his like, bar none. Like, thing that he's trying to get people to realize is that anybody promising the teacher to make 100 grand is a scammer. But then, like he interviews people like myself that are like doing it more legit. And it's funny that the bait that they get into, I enjoy watching the debate with like, how he like makes his argument and the other person is like, Yeah, but we're legit. And that actually helps people. And it's like, it's interesting. I don't think that it makes you a scammer to tell people that you have an opportunity if you're promising $100,000 Now it can be if you're guaranteeing that everybody's going to make that much it could be because there's no, there's no way to guarantee that. And if you actually study some of the FTC lawsuits over the last six months, some people have had to pay 1620 $50 million judgments to the government. For this one reason they promised and guaranteed the result.

[434:35] Heidi Jeremenko: Oh, no mind, like there's a disclaimer mindset. You know, basically, because sorry, if you don't engage in the program, and you choose not to do this, that's on you.

[437:38] Speaker 0: And that's why I tend to be very ethical. I've had people tell me, it's unethical to try to dissuade people from your program, I actually think it's more ethical to do so to try to dissuade the people who are not a good fit, because now it's going to work much better for the ones that work it. And so anyways, that's like a whole other side conversation. I don't want to get too deep into like the negativity of all that there's, there's a whole subculture of just negative negativity around coaching. And that's the thing is like when we run ads, where we are gonna end up running up against that, but people no matter what our offer is, and our membership is, because when you start promising. See, this is what gets people to buy, okay, I have to make this statement. I was saying this for like six months in my coaching group. And it like finally clicked with some people, this is going to possibly go over most people's heads, but I think I think you'll understand it, Heidi, you have to promise a very bold, big promise. That might sound like it's difficult for them to achieve on their own. And if you can deliver on that promise, now, here's the thing, not everybody is going to receive it because they have to do the work, right. But if you look at what is the top result that like your best clients, your top 5% will get. That's your bold promise, then when they believe that buying from you will deliver that bold promise. That's where they have buy in and they're like, Okay, the pain of not becoming a client is worse than not doing anything. Or than joining.

[464:17] Heidi Jeremenko: I know exactly what he's where it

[464:40] Speaker 0: gets to, is once people they're finally like, Okay, I believe this will work for me if I do it. And if I say no to this opportunity, it's probably going to be harder on me, then. And again, I don't like using the word stupid, but I'll say Alex or mosey says it make offers that are so good people feel stupid saying no to them. Because they feel saying yes to them. They're like they finally feel like they're they they have a slight edge that nobody knows about a secret that nobody knows about, by being a part of whatever you purchase. And then when you attach that to legitimately doing that. It's great. You get testimonies, you get results you get you get that you'll still have people that are disappointed. You'll say yeah, people you know, but well

[478:33] Heidi Jeremenko: and mine is like, find your joy and peace even if you're regain your joy Why your peace and everything? Even if your attic never gets sober? That's pretty good. So, you know, because everyone in that they're like, oh my gosh, all I all I need is some peace. I want some peace. I need to be out of the internal pain and take

[484:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: back your life. Yes. Even if your addict relapses. Yep. Yeah, that's even like that's even a stronger pain point. Because we're yet

[487:16] Heidi Jeremenko: or never stays sober. Yeah.

[488:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or they get worse. Because that's another thing is when because, you know, when they realize I actually can't control them getting worse if they do. Yep. And I still need to have my piece in that. And that's, that's, that's when they know, that's when the big transformation happens. So that's awesome. And I think it's great. And that's where that's where the sales copy comes in. And that's where the AI can really help us brainstorm a lot of that. So. All right. Thank you. You Heidi. Awesome. Really long answer to your question, but lots

[497:05] Heidi Jeremenko: of things. Thank you.

[497:26] Speaker 0: Yeah. Darren Smith. What's up? Darren? How are you? I'm doing good. How you doing? Good. Good.

[499:49] Speaker 2: I was hoping to go back to a bit. I apologize if you've covered this. I was a little sick yesterday, I was trying to watch the replay before he went on. And then I had a phone call. So it's been pretty crazy. When you're talking about the six points, so the niche, the sales, copy, landing page, the promotion presentation and all that. I'm a little confused on the programs that you're using to do those things. So the landing page, is that attached to the website? Like that's where I don't understand that side of it. Right? Yeah, more of the technical. Yeah.

[507:58] Speaker 0: So for like for the landing page, I use Squarespace for that.

[509:06] Speaker 2: And that's also your website? Well, that's the thing

[509:52] Speaker 0: is websites are in the coaching industry are kind of not even really necessary.

[510:52] Speaker 2: So you're just using that for square, it's mostly age, and

[512:00] Speaker 0: you might have like a front end page that links to a bio, a contact form, maybe your privacy policy and your your offer. Yeah.

[514:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what I found is that now there's like a whole like sub sub genre people like they really dive into like SEO and sale and optimization, and all of that for their coaching. I've not ever done any of that. And I find that that in the coaching industry. I had a few clients, they joined and they were like obsessed with SEO. And they could never get clients. Because the language they were using wasn't persuasive. It was trying to game the search engine. That was part of the problem with that. And so I just I like I've kind of like kind of the flip side of in direct response marketing, it's using words that sell. It's using words that connect with people.

[526:55] Speaker 0: And if people find your website, that's great, I still put blog posts up there not to get traffic, but to get just to nurture my audience and stuff like that. But the idea of a traditional website, it has been pretty much kind of outdated in this industry for about the past four or five years. Okay. And so and so that's where using Squarespace like as a way of it's a place where people land, I'll tell you this, I have I have some clients, they don't even have necessarily a landing page or website. They have a they have a link tree account that then links to a Google Doc. Yeah, you were talking about the Google Doc. And literally, they use a link tree because you can link up the Facebook pixel to the link tree if they click the Google Doc. And then when they click on the registration button in the Google Doc, it goes to a little pop up from MailChimp, where they put in their email address. And then that might send them to either a Facebook group or a Google Drive link with the video content that they created or a private YouTube link or so like really kind of keeping the text simple in the beginning, is helpful as long as you're tracking it in the Facebook ads. And that's what I wanted. And that's the part that we want to do because we want to be able to track who is taking action, because then it builds up this algorithm where it shows you're able to show ads to people that are similar to who's taking action with you. And so then your ads cost starts going down tremendously from like when you utilize the AI lookalike audiences in the Facebook Ads Manager, because we don't necessarily do a lot of traditional targeting at all ever, in any of our offers. We only do that initially. Like for the first bit if you don't already have some traction already on something. If somebody already has traction on their social media, people visiting a landing page or things like that, I want to immediately go to creating a look alike audience that is similar to whoever's already engaging with them, because that's already going to be targeted better then you can choose targeting for you. So letting the AI actually pick the targeting based on the actions people are taking will be way more targeted. And then it just shows your ad in front of people that are similar to those that are actually going to sign up with you. So, you know, when it comes like landing pages and all that somebody even asked this right here, Angela and Roy, how do you integrate these different platforms and things like that, basically. So every platform has like links that they give you. So like Google, Google Docs, if I go to Google Docs, there's a share link. And now if I take that share link, I can send that to somebody, and they can access it. If I have a course in Thinkific, they give me a share link for people to register and sign up for the course. I'll give you a great example of kind of how this works.

[574:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: In my in my business, so if I go into new incognito, oops, let me do it. Let me do an incognito window. I try to go incognito because it clears out all like the cookies and stuff. And so if I'm logged in on another browser, we go incognito, and it removes that. So we go Jeremiah krakowski.com. Accelerator. This is a Squarespace page right here. And Squarespace is very easy. point and click, I can go in and I can edit anything on the fly in minutes. So that's why I like it, because it's so quick to get up. When people click on these buttons to register. This goes to my Thinkific site, see where the URL now says members dot Jeremiah, and now that is all built in here, they automatically create these like payment pages where people put their credit card and they can log in. And so that's where the back end is members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com is on Thinkific. But then the front end of my site, Jeremiah krakowski.com is Squarespace right here. And again, those are some of the easiest tools to use to get set up to make things look really good. And to track really well.

[593:23] Speaker 0: If you are somebody who maybe you're starting out, you don't have a big budget, but you're willing to maybe learn some slightly more, actually, they're not slightly more, they're quite a bit more technical to learn. So that's the thing. One of the things by the way that you all are going to notice. And this is something that like it's it's it's consistent with almost every software platform that's out there. The less a software program costs, the more technical it is to use. So the cheaper it is, the harder it will be to learn. The more the software costs, the less technical it will be to use. So there's a sliding scale on that. And I found that oftentimes, people are in like this sort of muddy middle between these two where they're like, Well, I don't want to pay too much money. But it's too technical to learn. And it's been too hard for me and I'm like listen,

[610:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I kind of level with them. Like, if it's been like 12 months, they've been telling me that I'm okay. It's been 12 months, you've been telling me that this tool you got this free is way too technical. What if you just paid 27 bucks for Squarespace. And now you did it easily. And that would have saved you 12 months. And now you can save yourself another 12 months and get it done next week. Right? That'd be worth 27 bucks. And generally they're like, Yeah, I guess that makes sense to me. And so that's where like I tell people I'm like, Okay, if you find yourself procrastinating on something, because it's too technical to figure out on your own, it's usually going to be cheaper for you to either find somebody to do it for you. Or to find a software that's easier to use. If we're talking about hiring somebody to do it for you. In our program, we have a number of like vetted people in the Philippines that you can hire between like three and $6 an hour. But there's a site that I do like to recommend for people starting out. That's called online jobs.ph. And you can find

[626:35] Speaker 0: you can find people like for Facebook ads and stuff like this, that can run your Facebook ads

[628:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the Philippines, that their their quality workers Oh, and by the way, that's why I have like the vetted group of people, the people who charge more aren't necessarily better workers. And what I like to do is I create like a I the way I find them, I have a process that I use to find them. We use chat GPT to create our job listings and stuff like that. You literally go into chat GPT rather, if you're like looking to hire people off of some of those platforms, you can go into chat GPT and you can you can ask the AI you can say I'm hiring somebody from the Philippines, on online jobs.ph to do XYZ. Can you write me a job listing to find somebody that does this and it will will literally write you the listing for you. So you don't have to figure out how to say it. That's a great way to hire people, especially if you mentioned like, where you're hiring them from what the role is. And then I have people submit applications. So what I did was I shortlisted like six people, I got 400 applications for Facebook as people that wanted to work with with me. And I went through all of their portfolios. And I found the best six that I felt good enough to basically give you guys their information. So that's in the accelerator. Again, you could join the program, just take that and then leave and you keep it you know, as far as that it's just a you know, it's just a contact list. So it's like I said, I'm super transparent about that. I know like, some people think about it that way. I'm like, do whatever you want. It doesn't bother me.

[653:15] Speaker 2: So you mentioned Thinkific that you're using, I noticed Squarespace had something for courses as well. They

[654:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: do. I've not used it. I've also not seen anybody else that I know use it. Okay, but I like think epic because it helps you organize your students and the billing and the dashboard and all that and how

[659:03] Speaker 2: you create what's more of a CRM?

[660:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's not really a CRM. It just It manages like, you can see student progress, you can see how much like which courses they're enrolled in. It's easy to it manages if people sign up and they don't pay it and enrolls them. So that's all happens in Thinkific. So does the Squarespace thing again, I've not used the Squarespace one. I would love for somebody to use it and tell me if it's good, but I've never had anybody in like three years. Tell me if it's good. So I'm like,

[667:51] Speaker 2: Yeah, I just looked up Squarespace the other day, and I noticed it was there. And I was like, yeah.

[669:20] Speaker 0: Good thing to start out with. I know, I think they charge like, do they charge a little like 50 bucks a month for that add on? That? No, I

[670:58] Speaker 2: don't remember. I think they charged what think

[671:44] Speaker 0: yep, it does. And you're gonna get a better Okay, get back. Yeah.

[672:36] Speaker 2: So are you using a CRM then to or no,

[673:18] Speaker 0: I'm personally not using any CRM at all. Okay. We're looking at possibly moving into HubSpot

[676:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: for any sort of like relationship management, here's what I found, again, as I kind of keep the whole CRM thing like at a minimum till the business is making a million dollars or more. And then that's where you can dive into adding multiple millions to it by really starting to dive deeper into that. And so I'm, I'm a big fan of start simple. Get something out there, get some clients, sell something of value to people get the cash flow, go and get the profit going in your business.

[685:04] Speaker 0: There's so much complexity when it comes to marketing that we could do. And, and might even be the best practices of doing but each layer I found again, it just delays and delays and delays are inevitable, which really is sales.

[689:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually closing those sales, it's actually getting the people in front of us it's actually working with people. And so again, that's why I like to say keep it simple, but I am looking at HubSpot CRM tools, they look really good. I've heard really good things from like four people in the last month about that are in the same space and they really liked them. So and I think they have some free tools as far as that goes as well. Okay. But yeah, sistema EO does have courses, memberships, subscriptions, landing pages, and email marketing, all in that one platform. So that's where, and you can use the free version to get up and running. But like I said, it's more technical to use, but it's cheaper. Yeah, they're like, you know, I got no funds. It's a great tool. But Squarespace is going to be a lot easier to get set up. So

[703:24] Speaker 2: it's awesome. I was gonna say, just on a sidenote, you were talking about selling and emotions, and getting to the motion, and I'm, I'm in sales. I've been in sales for 20 years. So I have a great three minute training that if you want, shoot me a DM and I can show you what I do. Yeah, we'll explain it really clearly. And then make it maybe a little bit easier. So feel free to reach out to me, if that's of interest to you. Yeah,

[711:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, one of the things that I really try to do is I really I'm not looking forward and I think that's where I'm a little bit different when it comes to the sales. I'm not looking for a lot of a lot of sales. I'm looking at no people off from working with me. Yeah. Yeah, I'm

[716:48] Speaker 2: not talking about sales. I'm talking about how to explain the emotional side. Oh, I got How do I how to explain that. It's part of the sales training that I'm working on. I'm saying if you want that I'll give that to you for free. How's that? It's a really simple one, but it explains it so well. It's something I came up with a few years ago. And so if it's something reach out to me if that's something you want,

[723:20] Speaker 0: you could probably post it in the in the group, and you could share it.

[724:12] Speaker 2: Well, I just I didn't want to share it without your approval first. So

[725:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you can you can share it in there. That's fine. Okay. Yeah. No, that's the other thing too. I encourage people. I'm one of the I'm interesting, like, what that what I don't like is people like reaching out to other people in our group and then trying to close them into like, their programs. But that's collaboration, like, look at what each other's doing. I think I encourage that. Okay. There's a fine line of that. Yeah. Share it in there. As far as Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Erica, says I do SEO for companies but not coaches. Yeah. So with companies that are not coaches, SEO is super relevant. It's super, like still amazing. Cool, sleek, bio similar to link tree? That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, the real content is important. But yeah, when it comes to companies, I think SEO is like more important than ever than it used to be. When it comes to the coaching industry. It's it, I wouldn't focus on your SEO again, it's like one of those things like a CRM, like, like, till your business is even making a certain level, because I meet a lot of people, they grow Ah, here's what I don't like to see. And I don't want to see anybody in here doing this.

[746:31] Speaker 0: I don't mean that, like, I need a better way of saying that. But I meet people all the time, they join me in trainings like this. And then like, two, three years down the road, they're still stuck where they are, because they've been trying to do all this stuff, right. And I'm like,

[750:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I don't like want to be harshit that, but I want to say like, a lot of the stuff can become distractions from what the real part of it is, which is getting sales, which is getting people to buy from you, getting some clients, getting some testimonies, getting some case studies. And then we start adding sort of these bolt ons, like SEO, like CRM, and all of that, and improving all of that and proving the like how we serve the client at different levels and stuff like that. You know, I've had people tell me, Jeremiah, you know, because you don't have a support team of other coaches under you, checking in with all your coaches, you probably shouldn't be a coach in the first place. And so I like that's their opinion of what is necessary to be a coach. I don't agree with that. Because if I did, I wouldn't be helping the 1000s people each month that come into our free trainings, I wouldn't be helping the hundreds of people that are in our coaching program. Because I would be so caught up in trying to, quote unquote, do everything the right way, according to what everybody says you should do. And

[769:31] Speaker 0: there is a million of one right way opinions on how to do stuff. But the people who are most successful, they figure out how do I bring in cash flow, to then make the system work without me while still producing better quality. And I think that that's what the key one of the keys is as as you'd want to try to break away from where you are operating in your business and you're working on it. But the quality of the product improves, the further you step back. The and that's really a magical thing that I think happens with the membership and group coaching model that we teach is as you're able to step away and increase your boundaries and you're less available, the client results get better.

[782:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's like it's a paradigm shift, I think from the traditional way of doing coaching, which, again, I haven't talked about this a lot, it's it's very much connected to codependency working way much way harder on your clients results than they are even willing to work. And that's just a lot of work. To stay. Again, you can make six figures doing that. I think that's great. But I also want to see people go past six figures, or seven figures that they want to. Because that doesn't mean you're working more you're generally if you're making seven figures, you're working a lot less. In my experience. Probably one of the more the you're going to work more initially

[794:58] Speaker 0: until you reach about a quarter million dollars and then your amount of work hours gets decreased because you have the money to hire people to do all of the other stuff that you're that you don't want and all you focus on is coaching people. So you go back to doing that.

[799:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: But initially, you might have a little bit of that where you might have to do a little bit more more of the work if you don't have the funds to hire people, if you have the funds, that's great to hire people even initially, but you still want to understand how it works on the back ends. Anyways.

[802:59] Speaker 2: Awesome. Thanks. Yeah.

[803:28] Speaker 0: Aaron, Aaron Matthews, how are you, buddy?

[804:15] Speaker 3: Good, how are you?

[804:29] Speaker 0: I'm seeing you nodding back and forth.

[805:25] Speaker 3: My good counselor training, I feel a little bit I feel a little bit like I've been drinking from a fire hydrant this week. This is not anything I've ever done. My, my life has been in two things pastoring and now in mental health therapy for the last 10 years. And, and so I guess I feel like, man, there's so much stuff coming at me that I'm just trying to drink as fast as I can, but can't keep up. Keep up number one. And I guess I find myself in a little bit of paralysis, like, can I translate? Some of the things I do when I sit need a knee or zoom with people to do their mental health work? Can I translate that into coaching? Number one, in some of those things? And then number two, if the answer to that is yes. And hopefully it is. Where do I start? I mean, I know website, no, nothing. And like, Where's where's that? Where's the step one? Yeah. So

[819:15] Speaker 0: the step one is you already know what your niches? Sure you've been working with people for a while. So that that's actually like, you're, you're further ahead than 95% of people I talked to. Because they can't even decide on that. Like, I'll meet people, and they're just like, I'm stuck. I can't figure out what to how to help people. And I'm like, right, there's a lot of ways you can help people, I just gotta pick one and start there. And then figure out and you know, this pastoring and therapy, they will tell you what their problems are, they will offer it up if you know how to pull it out of people, right? And then you just design a way to serve those problems that they've already told you. Okay, and then we systematize that, so you're already ahead of the fact that you already know, really a lot of the problems even with how long have you been doing that for?

[832:16] Speaker 3: I've been in mental health 10 years, and it was probably 15 to 20 years. pastoring. Before that, yeah,

[833:41] Speaker 0: yeah. So you're you. I have something that again, I'm going to respectfully say this is that though there is a little bit of a handicap, when you have that much experience is that you know too much. And so there's too many directions that you could go to start with. Correct. So while you have the niche figured out, now it's like, Okay, which of these directions Do I go for all the all the main first steps, that's where what I love to do is I love to start with a journey using the AI tools, okay? And figuring out how to describe one big idea of how you help people or turn it into your top three big ideas that you help people. And that's one of the ways that I've always started, what are the top three

[846:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: main problems and dreams that you help people achieve? And when we talk about dreams again, like that's such a weird word, sometimes I think the people, but like a dream could literally be let's, let's put it this way I was I was texting my pastor this morning. I was because I love him. And he's amazing. And we were talking about number one, he has a dream to actually do what we're talking about here. Because even seeing how I've been doing it, and I'm like, let's let's do this because I've worked with a number of different pastors and churches to do that. But also, I've been talking to him about hey, like, you know.

[856:32] Speaker 0: Yesterday, I struggled with what was it, my son pooped on my wife. The crew that cleans our house came two hours early. And I had to hop on this live call. So I had a moment in like five minutes where I kind of didn't have the best attitude. And what does that look like? For me, I'm like, oh, like so I noticed that.

[864:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't turn the AC down in the room that they go to with with my son I didn't get ready for because usually, before the crew comes, I get that room ready for my wife and all that I didn't do it. So now I'm feeling guilty that I didn't do the responsibilities that we've agreed to in our house on how to help her while I'm hosting calls to do that. And I didn't do it because I thought I still had two hours before they get here. So now I'm making a mental note. I need to do this two hours early in case they arrive early. And we sent a

[872:14] Speaker 0: we used to use chat GPT to send a very sternly worded message to the team like hey, let's not arrive two hours early. Let's figure out let's get a little bit better with our communication, right. A great way to do that, too. But I had a moment where I was just like, Ah, I can't believe like I keep forgetting to do the stuff I'm supposed to do in my life. Like how can I literally like words came out of my mouth? How can I be so stupid? And my wife was like I don't ever want you teaching our son that. That when he forgets stuff that he's stupid. And I was like, you know what you're right. Because that's what I was taught growing up, if I forget stuff, I'm stupid. And in that moment of chaos, that version of me came out, right? You understand that with with mental health. Immediately I was like I, I apologized to my wife. And I was like, okay, and I texted my pastor, I'm like, dude, like, I texted a few friends of mine that have really good marriages. And I'm like, hey, this happened. I need to figure out what's going on deeper on this, because I've dealt with a lot of the mental health stuff. But I think that there might even be maybe some spiritual stuff I need to look at. And it was great. Because literally, I gotten some incredible conversations with them, that went so much deeper than I ever imagined I could with them. And now thinking if they were to create like a course around the very thing that they talked to me about, that would literally be something that they could host an hour long webinar on. For men like me. And now that's where their starting point is, what I say is take a look at the conversation that you have with people privately, make them anonymous, you know, you're not you don't want to Doc's, anybody on like, you know, hey, you know, Jeremiah, it was was crappy with his wife, he said that he was he was stupid, because you know, he didn't do this. Like, we don't want to do that that's there. But we and we want to do it in a safe way. But we can say, Hey, listen, you know, have you ever felt like you're you're forgetting your responsibilities as a father, and as a parent, you start getting hard on yourself. And you're wondering, no, that's how I would approach me, if I was creating an offer for me around that issue. Right there. Right. And by the way, this is how I even do my own research for my own mental health journey is I literally start creating sales letters for the problems I'm dealing with. Okay. I like that, I figure out what the emotional languages that would tie into that, and then I reverse it into the AI and I say, what's a message I could send to my my therapist about XYZ issue. And then I send it to him, what's a message I can send to my coach about XYZ issue, I send it to them. And that's actually helped me in my personal growth journey, learn how to explain the things I'm going through better

[914:00] Speaker 3: love the hola Yo, that's mean, reverse engineers

[915:01] Speaker 0: back into you could start a program to grow an email list to gain some online traction, to then maybe sell a course, which then turns into a monthly membership. 30 bucks a month, 40 bucks a month, to where now you're serving this group of people. And then out of that you might like have five or 10 people that maybe they want like a deeper level with you, they want to go deeper. And generally what it is, is, as I have found, especially a lot of people, they want to elevate themselves to leadership. And so they're looking to pay more for that. Anytime I've ever worked with pastors, they usually if they if they have like a higher, deeper level, it's some kind of like a leadership trap. How do you do what I do? Right, you know? And so then that's where like, you could have like a school that might be five or $10,000. It's like it's a year long, intensive with you. You meet twice a week with these people. I think it's got like 10 people in there. Right? Yes, incredible, intimate group of people. And now you're making really good money doing exactly what you've always done. And that's, that's how I would start it. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And so the AI, I always circle back to this, it starts with using the chat GPT to kind of brainstorm the words that we use to describe it to the masses. So one of my biggest challenges that I always had when it came with and as actually I would say the two hardest for me, I've always been pastors and therapists. And I've also had some of the best results with pastors and therapists, with their clients, when that finally taps into it, right, is that they have a great message, great principals. But they're not explaining it in a way that taps into the hearts and minds of the people they're trying to reach. They're explaining the process, but they're not explaining it in a way that draws people in. Okay, so and so that's where that part might feel uncomfortable a little bit, because that's not how you talk about what you do, it starts to feel more self promoting and starts to feel more like a little bit HYPEE to how you would say it right. You know, like if we if we went and extrapolated out my situation with my wife and my son, how to be the best dad that you can be even when you got tough days, right? Take that even a step further how to raise powerful sons. And literally you could build a program or how to raise powerful sons in a chaotic world so that you don't repeat the mistakes your dad did with you. Right now that's that would be a path of

[956:44] Speaker 3: course for us right

[957:02] Speaker 0: there. That would cover the scenario that I dealt with yesterday. And see and so now we're using language that is more emotionally charged around the story of you know, and that's where you figure out who is the type of person that you're going to connect with. Like for that type, of course, probably people that had crappy upbringing, parents, right? And so you want to draw that like, even if you didn't have the best example, but you want to be the best, like the best parent that you can be. Now, that's a good hook right there. Not that that's your topic that you're doing. Right. But you can translate kind of what I just did from a scenario with maybe somebody you've worked with. And here's what I like, I look at pattern recognition. So if you're noticing how many people maybe have you worked with counseled privately in the last year?

[975:12] Speaker 3: Probably close to 300. I mean, yeah,

[975:57] Speaker 0: great sample size, love that. If you could think of the top three

[977:42] Speaker 0: most common issues that those 300 people have. That's what you're going to focus on for your market.

[979:21] Speaker 3: Yep. Yep. One thing I was thinking is, like I do a lot of work with, with men who are trying to break free from pornography. And that is a huge deal, right? And trying to save their marriage and trying to fix them. And the two things I've come down to is most of them don't understand intimacy. And I don't mean sexual intimacy, I just mean intimacy. And the other thing, they don't know how to emotionally communicate at all, they have like zero touch with their own emotions. And I'm like, okay, maybe that's a place to begin to dive in those sorts of things.

[988:08] Speaker 0: A lot of times, I know a lot of times men will go to pornography, because it's a it's a regulator of their emotions, because they don't know how to self regulate. And so and they feel numb. And now check this out. They feel ashamed and stupid that they need something to help them regulate. So you're dealing with that shame right there.

[994:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's, that's a that's a tough one right there. There was a prompt that I was using with chat. GBT is like, what are the risks? I like to ask it, what are the risks of somebody applying this training? So what are the risks in the mind of somebody from stopping an addiction to pornography?

[999:01] Speaker 3: It's a great question I would have

[999:20] Speaker 0: done that taps into. Let me see if I can. Okay, yeah, I got chatting GPT here. Let's play around with this. Let's see, okay. I mentor men on mental health, as well as, as a pastor and I help a lot of

[1004:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: men break addiction to pornography, they don't realize that it's an emotional regulator, and they feel shame that they probably need to get more in touch with their emotions, not less. What are the risks that a potential client may be hesitant, hesitant about subconsciously, that would give them pause to sign up for such a program party? Like definitely one of them would be probably embarrassment, to admit they need help. Right? Fear of judgment and stigma. Like they're number one. Yeah, concerns with privacy. That's another one. Right? If I sign up for this program, is it private? Right? Be your fear of facing emotions? Does it make them weaker? Right? They'll be intimidating. Doubt in its effectiveness, right. Sounds too good to be true. They've tried everything for years and nothing's helped law loss of the coping mechanism and that's one that nobody I don't think anybody really talks about very much right.

[1024:52] Speaker 0: Impact on their relationships if or participating in it might affect their relationship what repercussions might happen.

[1026:48] Speaker 2: Yep, yep.

[1027:34] Speaker 0: So these are all things to consider even in your presentation and even ways that you can approach it. When when marketing. I love that you know.

[1031:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this would just be this isn't how I would write a sales letter, but like just pulling from this. From a more like a risk averse standpoint. Have you ever felt alone in your struggles trapped by your habits and you wish you could break free or the burden of emotions you can't quite understand? Now that you're not alone, it's time to embark on this journey of healing, breaking free, overcoming addiction and embracing emotional wellness

[1037:08] Speaker 3: is here's the catch up

[1037:45] Speaker 0: to giving you ideas. You know, go beyond just Band Aid solutions for pornography. See that? Have you relapsing two weeks later?

[1041:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, but like these are all like ways that we now use the AI to kind of brainstorm how we can start to do stuff like that. And then it just translates into kind of creating the machine where you have a way that gets their information.

[1046:00] Speaker 0: You have some mechanism to make a connection with them. And what I say every mark, every marketing system involves some form of a conversation with the person. Now, there's different formats of conversation. I mentioned this a lot of people, they teach like an organic strategy where you DM people, I'm not opposed to that, in some instances, especially when people are starting out. We have a couple of people in my accelerator, they were struggling to kind of get clients by strictly running webinars. And I suggested to them this, I said, What if you host the webinar, but then you just simply follow up to everybody who attended. And you just reach out to them to see if there was anything else they were struggling with wanted to learn what they thought about it, things like that, maybe remind them of a question they asked, reach out. And then the lady she closed like five packages and couldn't get any sales off her webinar. But she closed five of them. Because she reached out to the people who already watched with her, they already loved her. And now she was able to also figure out three key areas that she didn't mention in the webinar that she now brought into her webinar. She's able to create pieces of content around now and ended up serving those people in those different ways. And it's able to scale and build trust, and she just signed up for a one on one package with me last month. Because it started with that it started with that. And she was kind of opposed to the idea of, hey, let's DM people, right? Because I'm not a big fan of like cold DMing people and like, Hey, do you want to buy my program? I think that's kind of silly. It's kind of weird. It's kind of slimy. But there is a nuance to like, you know, let's say like Aaron. And because we're talking here, when I love to do is I love to use these VIPs as a replacement, even for the any sort of DMing that we need to do. Because we're able to talk right here, but like, let's say that I you know, I see you, you're commenting on my social media, stuff like that, and we start getting into like different conversations, I might say, Oh, hey, I should make a video that teaches Aaron this topic. And I'm gonna send that to him. And oh, by the way, I got five people already that need that topic, this is going to become a webinar that I'm gonna send on my email list. And now I got, like more people that I can help with a specific content. It's kinda like you're creating next month's sermon ahead of time,

[1085:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: based on what everybody told you, and really, it's funny is in the coaching space, it's very similar to kind of like, like the preaching thing, like if you're preaching to a congregation, as you're planning out, like, you know, what's relevant to them. As far as that goes, I used to always, like wonder that I was like, gosh, how does the preacher know that we just needed to hear? Well, because he has conversations with the people throughout the week. And so it's like, and so it's like, in coaching now. It's funny. I grew up in like a really weird church where that got really weird. And everybody started gossiping about each other. And that was yucky. Yeah, healthy. It was like, so like, you would hear like private stuff coming from the pulpit that you told like a friend and I was like,

[1097:28] Speaker 0: you know, no, that's not that's not even healthy. As far as that goes. Like, in the coaching space? Is you just end up serving? What are the the continuous struggles that people have? So like for you, you're starting out? That's where like, I would say, figure out like, what are what are maybe your top three messages that you would create some sort of content around, create some kind of like a free video training, video training, I like you could also do it in ebook format, you could also do it audio. And you don't even have to show your face just depends on what however you want to do it. But then what it is, is it's a piece of content that people have to register for. Now, here's one of the mistakes, I'll tell you this. I see that a lot of people make in the coaching space, they make all this free content, but they don't ask people to register for it. They're just sending out free content to people without any getting their email address. Because and I made that mistake like five years ago, because it's like, oh, I want to help people and I don't want to seem like it's high pressure that I'm asking for their email address. Well, that is like, I would liken that to trying to run a marathon Um, with without your legs, like you could do it with a wheelchair, right? This like Special Olympics is amazing. But like, it's better to use the tools, you still need to have some kind of a tool to run the race. And again, not not any buddy knocking anybody who doesn't have legs, like I actually have a lady I coached who doesn't have legs, and I'm like that, you know, it's, it's amazing. Like, she's such a survivor and as beaten stigma and all that in so many different ways. And yet, at the same time, like, you know, there are tools to operate in the world when you have certain limitations. So one of the limitations that I see that coaches and mentors have, is initially they don't have enough people on an email list and a contact list.

[1133:04] Speaker 3: To follow up, the easiest way to build that is give something away, you

[1134:16] Speaker 0: give something away, and then you can charge a low cost for something. Okay, like seven bucks, 27 bucks, once they pay for something, the level of buy in is like 10 times if it's free. Sure. So like, for instance, like I said, this, we had 150 58 people sign up, we actually had two people unsubscribed, so they weren't interested in the training today. So now it's down to 156. Right, but they weren't VIPs at all, we have 55 people that are VIPs. Right now, we'll probably get like 10 More by midnight tomorrow. So by the end of that I try to shoot for if I have about 160, I tried to shoot for about 60 to 70 VIPs. But then out of that, still, I only have about 20 people maybe that show up to the q&a calls live. Again, they watched the recording. So if you're if you're that like don't feel like I'm shaming you, as far as that goes. It's like, there's so much I don't like that I literally watch all these coaches, and then they're just shaming everybody for like, not like showing up for the calls. And I'm like, Yeah, but like people have real life. So sorry, really try to show a lot of empathy for like people scenarios, because

[1155:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm one of those people I have a lady this morning get upset with me, because I didn't respond back to her a DM that she sent me yesterday. And I'm like, I don't want urgent. Yeah, like, you know, I don't do that, you know, as it was that an expectation that you had that I had to do that, you know, was curious, like, but it's like, and that's another thing too, if you come from like a service based world, I would definitely say

[1162:35] Speaker 0: therapist and pastor is like a hybrid that leans more on the service based side of things for sure. And by the way, most of the best coaches and mentors come from being in the service based world, generally. Because you really know how to deliver results to people, because you know how to serve? Well. Sure, the problem is, is that the mindset is different. So like immediacy of response time, as soon as I step into a group coaching, I have to have a boundary where I say, Hey, listen, you'll probably get a response within 48 to 72 hours. You know, if you're a one on one client, I guarantee at least 24 to 48 hours, you know, depending on and we've done that, I used to guarantee 24 hours for my one on one clients, and then my son was born. And I kept taking about sometimes two days to get to people. And I'm like, Hey, I know we said 24 hours, I'm gonna have to kind of adjust this to 24 to 48. Is that cool with you, all of them are like, it's fine. No worries to get it. Right. And so like, if you explain the boundary and expectation to people up front, they get it. Right, sometimes what'll happen is, if we come from a service based world, we don't describe that upfront. And then people get disappointed.

[1185:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then they're like, hey, you know, I thought that I was gonna have more access to you and things like that. And, and it's really, it's just, it's like, you got to really express those boundaries upfront and be willing to have people be disappointed in them. Like, oh, man, I thought I'd have more access to you like, Well, don't. It's, my therapist is actually really good at this. Like he won't actually discuss anything outside of a therapy session. True. Whereas my previous therapist would discuss anything via text message with me. I'll tell you, I get way better results with this guy.

[1194:18] Speaker 0: So the boundary entries are important. The boundary helps the client actually take the session more seriously. 100% 100% it's all it's all of this. It's funny as and you know this because you have the background of mental health, and pastoring a lot of people they don't have that and they're used to like basically being like, on call all the time to people's needs and desires and stuff like that. And what I'm saying, almost sounds like I'm asking them to like to have an entirely new personality and be a different person to not do that. And it sounds even rude like to tell people hey, I'm not available to you. It's, it can

[1205:43] Speaker 3: feel rude in the beginning, but burned me out of pastoring. That's why I'm not a pastor, you'll end up burnt out. Yeah, as you scale. Exactly. And I decided when I went into mental health boundaries is what I'm going to do. Yeah, for me and for my clients. And honestly, it was a gift to my clients in a way for me to say I need to be my best self. And that means I need time with my family and time for vacation and time to do all the things that I need to recoup in order to be yes. And yes, I'm I'm totally on board with that now, asked me 20 years ago, I wouldn't have been on Brian.

[1213:48] Speaker 0: Yeah. It's so interesting when people get into these spaces, and then it takes them like, I hear it all the time, like 20 years that something clicks, and you're like, Okay, I'm done doing that. Whereas I, and I guarantee you, you would encourage people starting out to start that way.

[1219:11] Speaker 3: 1,000%. I mentor, I mentor new therapists? Okay, great. Yes. That's one of the things that we talked about all the time. And they're there. I'm sorry, I'm tired of you talking about this. I'm sick of hearing this from you. They get

[1222:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: annoyed by it. Right? For reasons. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and that's where, again, that's where I explore, we go back to that prompt, what are the risks of therapists having more boundaries? And we start to address those and we start to look at those. And then you start to really talk about like the like that that real nitty gritty pain, what are the risks for a therapist to have stronger? Boundaries, one of the risks is that their client doesn't get a result. That's what they think. That's what most coaches and mentors think, reduced emotional availability, perception of detachment, especially if the person has attachment issues, and abandonment issues that you're, you're you're coaching and working with that can be it can actually possibly re traumatize the client could be part of it. If you don't work them through

[1236:15] Speaker 3: that. You had to set that. But you got to set them at the beginning, as you

[1237:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: say, yeah, it's much harder to set it once you have the relationship built. Correct? Because now you have to rewire your clients way of thinking about you, for sure. And they want to go based on how it's always been. So starting out, that's why it's better. Yeah, in flexibility barriers to rapport building. I would bet I would tell you this, this is probably a lot of the reasons why most coaches don't want to have boundaries to most mentors. And yet, you know, possibility for misinterpretation can be misinterpreted as a lack of care or personal rejection. That's a big one. It totally can be. Yep. And now that's where we there's a great book that I read, I liked the title, it's a it's a little bit of a weird book, I need to listen to it. It's like a conversation with like, an Eastern guru, and like some skeptical debate kid or whatever. But it's called the courage to be disliked.

[1253:24] Speaker 0: And, but it was cool, because it talks about like, why we work so hard to be liked by everybody all the time. And a lot of the risks like to a therapist having boundaries all boiled down to they don't want to be disliked by people. No, that's true. They don't want people to feel also a therapist doesn't want to feel like their clients feel disliked by them. And it all comes down to the whole we can't manage other people's emotions or opinions or control other people or what they think about us or all that. And yet, it's our natural mo often as people that really have a heart to help people to do that. For most people, initially, unless they've gone through the gauntlet of what that's like, and the pain of possibly losing your marriage. Because you're helping people and you're neglecting your family.

[1267:38] Speaker 3: Absolutely. Well, but But here's what I know, too. And, you know, at when I asked recently of the folks who do our call screening, that kind of stuff, how many of the people who do end up in my office to do some sort of work with me? How many of those people are calling and asking for me directly? And they said it's probably close to 80%. I said, Well, then I must be doing something right and setting the boundaries as part of that. Yeah, I give them permission to do that in their own life as well. And I'm, I'm giving that for them. And I'm modeling that for them as they do that. That's, I think you're right on with that, like boundaries are super important.

[1276:35] Speaker 0: Yeah. And this is a big part of like, if I was talking about like, what we focus in my accelerator with most people, most of the mindset topics. For anybody that's in there. We talk probably mindset like 20% of the time and then like Nuts and Bolts, like building everything like the other 80%. I talk way more mindset probably in these free sessions than I do, because it really is kind of setting that foundation. But it's always about becoming better at the boundaries. Not being afraid of losing business because you said notice something right? Or because somebody, here's a big one, it keeps coming up with my paid clients. And a lot of people in free sessions like this don't like when I talk about this. But then when they're in my paid program that's like, every other person brings it up. So it's like, okay, I need to talk about it, but it's uncomfortable. Accusations of wrongdoing. false accusation, sorry, false accusations of wrong intent. And so like one of my clients, super sweet lady helps incredible people changing people's lives. Somebody just rips into her about how she's like, literally, like the scum of the earth, because she didn't do what the person wanted her to do. Those are manipulative, abusive people that join programs like that to try to control others, because they get off on making you feel small. said, Yeah, horrible, you know, and those people, you got to politely let them out the door. And they show up in your free webinars very obviously, by complaining by whining by saying your content won't work for them.

[1307:34] Speaker 0: I had I one thing that I noticed is if somebody brings up something often that they're really upset about that I talked about, I start talking about it more in my webinar. Yeah. And so that's an interesting one. And that almost sounds it's funny. In traditional human psychology and interaction, that's, that's a little bit of a red flag type behavior. In presentation world, it's the most positive ethical thing you can do. Because I don't want to have to field 20 People with that same objection towards me, because they're angry about this one thing that I talked about, so I'm gonna talk about it more, so that they politely let themselves out the door. Instead of me having to feel these questions. One of the number one questions that I kept getting from people was, Do I really have to sell to people? And I'm just like, yes, you do. But it feels sleazy. And then like, it feels like I'm taking away people's choice. And then like, it would get into, like, I grew up in a culture where it's rude to talk to people the way that you're talking to people, Jeremiah? And I'm just like, Okay. Like, I don't think there's anything I can say right now to build rapport back with you. And I'm not going to try to and so I try to move those people out the door. Now, here's the thing I, some people are like, well, I can help that person, I can help them see the light. Probably not. Not on your free content, that they're coming on free sessions to do that. They're getting some sort of selfish payoff from that type of behavior.

[1336:10] Speaker 3: Makes me start thinking personality disorder. It is Yes,

[1337:12] Speaker 0: exactly. It really started. Again, I don't want to diagnose it as that because I can't diagnose on a webinar. But it starts to start to look that way where they're, they they get a sense of self worth by doing that, you know, and so, I want to try to sort of politely not have those people even on my VIP calls. Sure.

[1344:40] Speaker 3: Yep, totally, totally, you know,

[1345:12] Speaker 0: and in my program, and what's funny is, and about a year and a half ago, I had about 10% Of all the people joining my program fit into that category.

[1348:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I wish I knew I had like three or four of them. They're like, You should be in jail for what you do to people, Jeremiah, you lead us on with false promises. And then you just leave us high and dry. Wishing we had more. You're just like all the other vile coaches out there. And that was I got that message sent to me from like, multiple people.

[1354:19] Speaker 0: Like like a version of that. And if I look back now that they were a red flag that probably should not have been in my program in the first place. You know, because whereas gosh, that sounds terrible. The people thought that about my program, right? Well, yeah, but we also have way more people that think it's incredible. Right? And those are the ones I want to focus my time on 100%. Thank you. I just got a lot more bold with like not putting up with people's issues.

[1363:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Absolutely. Once they're in my coaching program, I do find them a little bit more patient with that. But when it's like on a free call like this, or not very much. Yeah, purpose. Thank you for taking time. Yeah. Heidi, I saw you asked the question about Coach accountability software, I have not used any. I know some of it exists. Out there. Again, I, I've used like very simple tools like a Facebook group, and email. And that's why I'm going more like the traditional like, I guess a coach accountability software would be what I CRM, as a coach relate a client relationship management tool. So Coach accountability software is just like a kind of a branded CRM for coaches.

[1377:36] Heidi Jeremenko: Actually, you can run like your whole program in cool. So I was just curious view that No, it's not really expensive. It was it's like $20 a month, but you can actually build out a whole program. And then the people log into it. Similar, I suppose in Kajabi. Yeah. So like, you can have your worksheets?

[1383:16] Speaker 0: What's it called? Called? Coach accountable? Coach accountable? I'm always interested to look at like new software's and stuff that are out there. Um, yeah, this, uh, you know, I have seen this one right here. I don't know. Does it have? Does it have a section for courses? Yes.

[1388:06] Heidi Jeremenko: Like you put your course in there. Okay. And then it automatically sends out like the emails when they do the course like thank you, you can move on to your next

[1390:33] Speaker 0: question. Racing really goes up a lot as you Yes.

[1391:33] Heidi Jeremenko: Depending upon how many seats you have. Yeah,

[1392:21] Speaker 0: so a lot of a lot of the lot of stuff that we do balloons up really fast to like 100 to 200 clients really quick for people. And so this could get a lot more expensive. on that.

[1396:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is interesting, though, what it is and how it works. Again, Coach accountable for schools. So I see that I see they have that sort of version like that. It's kind of it's probably because about about a lot of people were asking for courses. So Coach accountable for schools. Again, this is cool. Looks looks like it has a lot of great features. There is a software that a lot of people are starting to test out. It's called it's called school.

[1403:04] Heidi Jeremenko: I think the add the coach of Campbell's kind of like more for an evergreen program, I'm assuming just kind of you know, running on the side.

[1405:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, school. Yes, school is where let me show you what one of the communities in school looks like. They have one that is like their school community. And it's kind of like the demo community. So it's like this, and it looks like a Facebook group. But it has a classroom as a calendar.

[1410:39] Speaker 0: And you can run it that way. And then my mom uses one called tribe, the platform,

[1412:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is, again, a kind of a similar thing it has the community. It has questions people can post it has courses and lessons, but tribe is quite pricey. Yeah, but she really likes it as far as tribe goes. But I think she might be trying to move over to school, because I think it's only 97 bucks a month for this and it does almost the same stuff. Okay, so and so this is a cool platform to look at kind of setting this up, they have like a whole course through this thing called school games where they'll walk you through kind of setting this up and making it fun. So that's what this is. It's a similar type of a platform. It's more geared around what we're teaching with marketing and stuff like that. A lot of platforms like a coach accountable or stuff like that. They're not necessarily as friendly to sales and marketing type systems. And so they don't integrate as much there might be some manual like sending people to if there is integration with different things like Zapier, that might be cool, though. Okay. So if you're already using that, that's cool. Let me see coach accountable. So Zapier is a tool that connects everything. Yeah, yeah, connects them all together. And it looks like Coach accountable is connected to Zapier. So that's cool. Okay, you could have it to where like they sign up on your site, and then it creates an account in the coach account or it sends it. It kind of integrates all that together if you want to use that type of a platform. Most of the platforms these days, you can use Zapier to connect If the dots if they're not connected, and half the time, you don't even need to use that, because they just give you links and URLs that you can just give to people. Okay, so.

[1443:16] Speaker 0: But again that like that dives into a lot of like the nitty gritty of how do we like deliver the results to the clients and stuff like that, and delivering results is so important.

[1446:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I mentioned it on day one. As I still I always say, let's put most of our energy towards the sales and marketing side of things. And that it's a different way of thinking about mentoring, put a lot of your your time focus into the sales and marketing, because your coaching is going to improve once you start making a lot more money.

[1452:16] Heidi Jeremenko: So I'm just in your group? And do you go over like how to start first Facebook ads, what to do how to do all that? Yeah, yeah, I haven't looked at everything, it's all included in it yet. But

[1456:49] Speaker 0: that's all in there is, is we break that down. So there's courses for that. We have live sessions that we do, I didn't even really like talk much about like how the program works today. Because that's why I was kind of like I made it like an afterthought at the end of today.

[1461:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's all on the page that's there that you can read it about it. So we have these different courses that you can go through, we're going to start organizing them to by like category, because there's so many different classes. Now I'm going to group all the Facebook ads ones together based on like beginner, intermediate, different types of focus. One thing that I encourage our group to do, and gosh, it it irritates, is irritate some of our members, but it helps them grow. As I really encourage people to get better at asking more specific questions. So oftentimes, we, I encourage them, like if you're stuck on a specific project, you can go to AI to help you ask a better question, like what's part of the Facebook ads? Are you struggling when. So like one of my clients, she was dealing with this. And I realized she just doesn't understand the jargon of running Facebook ads, and how to find the reports and then make things like how to turn them on and off.

[1478:10] Speaker 0: But if she just asked me, Hey, can you tell me about Facebook ads? I'm like, Okay, we have this course here, what specifically are you dealing with? And now it's like, okay, there's a disconnect between my communication with you or with her as to what part you actually want to learn. Okay. And so that's where what I encourage is on that, as we have the live calls where you can come up and you can ask questions. And we can make, we can dive into like your ads manager to see which part you're struggling with. And you can post screenshots and I can say, Okay, this lesson from this course goes over that specific area right there. That's the only thing with Facebook ads is it's probably a more complex way of doing things. The alternative, though,

[1490:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: is probably 10 times more work. And that's why it's so it's so funny is like, you got the little bit of the tech issues with having to learn the technology, with Facebook ads, and we have the courses that that really are very simplified and easy to go through and understand. But

[1497:12] Speaker 0: the alternative would be like creating a bunch of content, organic content on social media, I don't recommend people focus a lot on a bunch of organic content.

[1499:20] Heidi Jeremenko: Yeah, honestly, I just want the most streamlined way to go ahead and launch. That's it, and then

[1500:31] Speaker 0: you're not launched. You're not going to do Facebook ads. It's a lot of like direct messaging people. Yeah, don't want to do that. And and then a lot of sales calls. So the industry kind of breaks down into sort of two lanes. And I think they both work. So you either have the Facebook ads and the presentations lane, or you have the direct messages and sales calls lane. Okay. And by the way that can work better. I like to do the Facebook ads, and then the direct messages wants people on my webinars. I know some coaches they prefer do the DMS, get a bunch of clients and then use that money to pay for the Facebook ads. And so again, it's like which one do you do first? Right. And now we run into and this is where a lot of people end up 1012 24 months later they we were overwhelmed. We haven't done anything because there's too many ways to do it. Pick something pick the one that feels feels right to you. Run with it might not be 100% how you want it to be but it's going to be better than sitting down The shelf again for another two years, you know? Why not do it? Yeah. And so again, that's what we'll that's what we're going to be helping you with in the in the program as far as that goes, Okay. And just, that's why I tell people just try it out for 30 days. I think just the reason why I do that is, as you'll you'll know, after the first 30 days, do I want to stay in here with Jeremiah or not? And you know, what's what's so interesting is I encourage people if it's not a good fit, to leave, you know, and not in like a backhanded, like, you suck type away. Like, it's like, no, like, I want to, like encourage you like, if this isn't a good fit, like, yeah,

[1531:14] Heidi Jeremenko: bless you going your way. And one thing

[1532:08] Speaker 0: that I'll do is I'll say this, I'll say, is there anything that maybe we could have done to serve you better? You know, nine times out of 10? The answer I get from that question is, I wish that I had more one on one time with Jeremiah. And I have one on one calls, but then they're like, but he's too expensive. And so generally, I found that that's like, the main complaint that I have from people is they want more one on one time with me, I have quite a bit in there, we do weekly calls, we do a monthly we do a monthly copywriting and ads call. I'm also in the Facebook group every single day, like responding to people's questions in there. Okay, that's the way to get like real time feedback really quickly as posting in the Facebook group.

[1544:01] Speaker 0: Some people are embarrassed to do that. So you can even post anonymously in the Facebook group.

[1546:41] Speaker 0: To make it work, I think for anybody, even then, though, you know, there's some people are like, Hey, I don't have the time i I'm struggling to actually implement the things that are in there. I think I'm gonna take a break from this for the next year. And honestly, I think that that's probably one of the most honest assessments that people might make is the fact that maybe they're just not ready yet. You know, but I would say most people, like by the time they're, they spent like four, four days with me on this five day, they're probably ready to jump into something like that. So now let's try it out. All right, thank you. Awesome. Thank you, thank you so much. I just found out my son is sleeping. So I need to if I, if I leave the so my office, I got these doors right here.

[1559:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if I leave, it's like the Kool Aid man leaving. And it just like, right, like, the balcony is right over there. So it literally just don't like as I leave, it's almost like this. So I'll tell you that was literally like for like the first couple of months living in this house because my other office didn't have doors. So I could just slowly like walk out. That was like, the biggest thing I had to like work on is like being aware of my energy as I like, open those doors. Because half the time my son sleeping, when I'm done with calls like so. Anyways, thanks all for being here. I'm excited for tomorrow, because what I'm going to do is this, and this is what I love to do. That's why I tell people day five is going to be like the most impactful day is I clear my schedule for tonight. And I'm going to pour over all of the questions that have been asked over the last week. And we're really going to start to tailor it around a lot of the main stuff that you guys have been asking us to go through and things like that. And I'm going to break that down. So again, post in the group, there's additional questions, do you want me to break down, things like that. And what I want to do is I want to bring stuff I haven't covered in the VIP to the forefront of that. And then of course, like what your you've been experiencing in the VIP here, this is exactly what it's like in the coaching calls in the accelerator is we're just we're connecting or communicating. We're going through the stuff we're talking about stuff. And my mission is to help you get results to not struggle to not wish that you were further along a year from now. And to start to start to come and bring this together. So All right. Thanks, everybody. And I will see you all tomorrow. Have a good one.

