CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-03-14T19:51:54.000Z
Duration: 116 min
Otter ID: 6Z2jtUuuMnPNcikMVTjU5BLLyMQ
---

[22:31] Speaker 0: Y'all hear me?

[23:05] Speaker 1: You can hear me. Okay, perfect. I have to set up here. So this is our live copywriting call. We'll be doing live copywriting here today

[29:26] Speaker 1: I can't hear I can't hear anybody. So you guys are talking to me. I can't hear you.

[32:06] Dana Hernandez: I Jeremiah, I don't have any copy. Can you hear me? I don't have any copy. I just want to join in because I need to get back on the horse. And I'm ready. So I want to and I miss Monday because I was still in Mammoth. Yay. But I watched the recording.

[36:16] Speaker 1: Awesome. Right, hello. Now I'm at my desk, I have to let me go live in the group here real quick. Live on Facebook. I like that you can transfer from like the phone to the computer. So that like it's not hard to like, show up on time now for meetings. And just kind of like, you know, get your bearings while you're showing up

[46:54] Speaker 0: okay,

[47:34] Speaker 1: go in the group here. Go live in the Facebook group. So again, apologies to anybody who's watching this recording, you're probably really annoyed by the fact that we're not going into the content immediately.

[51:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or whatever. I need to step away real quick. So if you're watching the recording of this again, you can fast forward to like come back on screen. We're going live in the group. But anybody asks where I'm at. You can tell them that I was put the right back there you go. That's how you can communicate. Even if you can't communicate. All right, I'll be right back.

[89:07] Speaker 1: All right, interesting that there's nobody else on here right now. And the people that are on here don't have any copy. So I'm

[91:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: not sure what to what to do about that or what to think about it. Is there anything about your copy or your offer that you want to discuss? That you want to go over that we could brainstorm? With A I, like, you got stuff back of mind that you're thinking about?

[96:35] Speaker 1: Are there things that you're concerned or afraid to do or talk about? Because you're not sure if they're the right thing? We could process through those?

[98:20] Speaker 3: Yeah, so I'm planning on doing a free webinar saying, Hey, I'm a new grandma. And everybody says, I look young, too young to be a grandma. So I thought I'd kind of share my secrets and do a free face yoga session. Introductory to face Yoga. But because I am switching gears, I'm starting over from the coffee.

[105:16] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah. Well, everybody knows they're starting over. And it's like, I think one of the biggest things is acting like it's this crazy, like, thing that has to take a long time writing copy, when you get it down, Pat, you know how to do it, right? And take you know, more than half an hour

[110:40] Speaker 3: right

[112:35] Speaker 1: and so does does writing copy take you want more than half hour right now, currently,

[114:16] Speaker 0: um,

[115:12] Speaker 3: I'm getting faster, because I am doing a lot of writing between the podcasts now and all of that, it's just getting back into the writing for my coaching business. And having just switched from the podcast, Show Notes style writing. So you know, I did go through the chat GG PT prompts, that your document had to get like the ADA and all of that with doing the shake plate workout. And then since I'm switching gears, I have to just go back that my information on the fish ova stuff when I first joined is really old. And it was with the older chat JpT version. So yeah.

[127:14] Speaker 1: Okay, let's we can talk about some of that. And then Dana, where are you at as far as that goes? Because again, there's no reason to just sit here and listen, when we can actually talk about maybe where you might be at and your journey. And then we can process through some of that while we're here. Might as well take advantage of the time and make the most of it, right.

[132:27] Dana Hernandez: Yeah, true. So let me look at this note. So yesterday, I decided like alright, like you need to come on. Let's get back in gear. This

[135:08] Speaker 1: is like the best place ever. If you're ever in Texas,

[136:41] Dana Hernandez: h2o, h2o. Oh, that's cute.

[137:21] Speaker 1: It's, it's, it's one of the most addictive products on the planet. So they have a good marketing name. Oh, they have a great marketing name. They're colorful, it's fun, it's vibrant. It's just everything is so perfect that you just want to go there. It's your happy place. Nice. They tap into what Starbucks did really well until they became more corporate. And so they're they're like a hometown family. Like my wife. My wife won a prize from the CEOs daughter on social media. Like we're that invested in the company is like, she's she's the heiress to the tea empire of HTO. And my wife engages with her on social media, it's like that tapped into their target market. They figured out how to like, their daughter is a social media influencer and all of that, and it's just like, okay, yeah, that's all by design right there. And they're going in all over there. There's one right down the street from us now. There was one right down the street from us. When we were in our other house. There's one down the street from my wife's parents house in New Mexico. They're going in all over New Mexico all over. I think some maybe in Oklahoma, Louisiana, even they're expanding their empire their tea empire to be the greatest, largest company of tea. That's All the British are coming. It's the it's the it's the Texas tea party. There we go. No, I'm kidding. All right. So yeah, so tell me a little bit about what you're doing Dana with your coffee got Sue on here we got Abbe on here, we're just we're just discussing. They don't have any coffee. So if anybody has some that we can look over, we can talk about it or we can just talk through anywhere where you're maybe you're stuck when it comes to your messaging, marketing or ads.

[166:52] Dana Hernandez: So I wanted to move forward. My plan is to move forward with your suggestion about doing a free webinar on an on a little bit of an unrelated topic and then maybe sell them on the self defense dance program. For for smaller the

[170:41] Speaker 1: topic be well, and it's not. I'm it's not necessarily unrelated. I think maybe that

[171:59] Dana Hernandez: word is the word. Okay. Yeah, true.

[172:42] Speaker 1: It's probably related. It's just it's just it's one step away.

[173:34] Dana Hernandez: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

[174:08] Speaker 1: Again, example, my wife following the tee, CEOs daughter, one step removed from the product.

[176:25] Dana Hernandez: Right? Yeah, cuz because you're right, because in my mind, it's related.

[177:45] Speaker 1: Influencer marketing is all it's all a funnel. So the idea is, when we create us a webinar, that's an entry level, we're basically tapping into and forcing influencer marketing in front of people that wouldn't otherwise listen to an influencer. So influencer marketing is actually one of the number one things that you can that you can tap into. As you either find an influencer that can promote what you're doing way quicker method. Or you become that influencer, which is what we teach you how to do. And so you can use paid advertising or organic content to become the largest influencer of your industry. Like for instance, I'd love I'd love to see Sue become the largest influencer that space. Michel, your space Ave, whatever his space is that he's doing. Dana, same thing.

[191:12] Dana Hernandez: Yeah.

[191:31] Speaker 1: So could you see your console? Is there something that you could see yourself as like, the leading expert on? Maybe not today, but five to 10 years from now? So Sue McGarvey is the leading expert in what she does we know that right? Does the world know that she is we got to help that happen, right?

[196:21] Dana Hernandez: She definitely saw that when I watched the replay of Monday. I

[197:44] Sue McGarvie: know, I'm Canadian expert and have been for a while what I need to do is, is get out of my little circle. Yeah. Oh, small. I feel so small. So but I'm excited.

[201:02] Speaker 1: It's such a such a great like, even example, right here. I feel small in my business, really. But I'm built on the 30 years that 31 years that my mom laid the foundation of right. So it's like, it really is like, like, I was like looking at this. It's like an empire. My mom started this empire when I was a little kid. And now I'm like the successor to it. And she actually texted me the other day, she's like you are the successor to the empire on the business coaching side of things. She's like, I passed that on to you in October. And I'm like, I don't think I really realized that until like this month, is that that's actually what's happened. And that's why I've had all these ideas and breakthrough because I'm like, oh, wait a second, my mom's not doing this anymore. My mom's focused on a completely different industry. I'm continuing the work that her and I did together in my own business. You know, it's not that like, Oh, she gave me like all these clients or anything, but she looked by referral and proxy, and story. So Sue, exactly for you.

[218:09] Sue McGarvie: Established Well, in fairness, the what I've seen of your mom, and I haven't seen as much as I, but I think your skills is, you know, you have this tech ability to translate technology that I don't think you're utilizing, or I think that you speak geek, and you speak coach, you need to be translating that that is what drew that is what I think is bringing people in it certainly what brought me in, and I see with other people, if you can continue to translate that. That is with your skill set, man. I think that's that's your

[228:05] Speaker 1: we tapped into that yesterday on the VIP call with a gentleman who is on there. So he was an educator comes from old family of educators. And traditionally there's two there's two demographics that I've struggled with the most to translate to educators and therapists. Because I've struggled to bring what I do because it's so unconventional. It's kind of reckless, and arrogant and sort of like a pirate like Jack Sparrow. And I'm trying to refine it and make it more professional, right? Because I have this like raw talent type of thing. And I'm trying to refine the raw talent into something that's as refined I mean, why do you think I have all these just like pictures of raw talent being refined into to a high quality product, because that's just this is the journey that I see that even I'm on in my business right here. i By the way, most people don't know this, my dad built the electrical engineering for this vehicle. He designed it. So anyways, those are my stories, because story passes on information to people and creates emotion, feeling and belief. What can we do to help you tell the story of what you do better, because that's really what our copywriting is, that's what our ads are, our ads are to take the story of your clients future.

[249:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And help them believe that they're moving towards pleasure and away from pain. Right? By making an investment with you of their time, first, usually, and then financial resources.

[253:30] Sue McGarvie: Right, I'm you know, we did that work around where you got the pictures with the AI, and I just put in what the AI you know, because you would sent me and I really appreciated it, and I sent it to my team that you did, and ran it through and got the and it just posted it in the chat of what the AI is talking about with the copy. And, you know, my problem like I you know, again, I get always get bogged down on the tech. Always I'm trying to stream I'm on restream I'm trying to do currently to do tick tock and and Twitch, you have to join a cube to get some kind of code. And you have to get that by applying to Allegiant I don't know. So we have people going on that. And then it's just trying to make sure that I if I'm going to do it, I want to leverage it. But the copywriting stuff that's super personal. And, but if again, it feels very insular, it feels like, you know, I'm preaching to the choir, I somehow have to break out in your call you had you did a post that said you had 700 new contacts last month. Because of your ads,

[271:19] Speaker 1: I've had close to almost seven like 2000 In the last like four months.

[272:31] Sue McGarvie: And I want to know, and I know it, you know, I know your copy is good, cuz sometimes I'm thinking, Oh, it's Jeremiah talking to the flag or the celebrated people? Or is he talking to new people? Because I see your ads. And as my brother,

[275:37] Speaker 1: I try to mirror them. And it's not. If I'm doing my copy, well, it's hard to tell the difference. It is

[277:20] Sue McGarvie: Oh, my brother who's been who works with me. He said, you know, Jeremiah is is he's like, he writes a lot of getting these interesting emails. He says this, are you following that? And I'm like, Yeah, I'm again, it's how do you do it? You know, is it your ad copy that you think is bringing bringing people in?

[282:12] Speaker 1: So the idea is you bring the ad, it's actually the ad videos, I think is what it is. Okay, and then the sales letter itself. So it's what's on the, it's on the page that they land. And then what said in the videos, okay, and then the other piece is that I've built the look alike audience really well in the ads manager. So that takes time to do and that part is a little bit difficult. You can you can speed it up if you have people's contact information already name and email address of at least 1000 people. Okay? Up, you can upload that into Facebook, and it'll create a look alike audience for you have their content of them.

[293:08] Sue McGarvie: I haven't done that. That's something I'm going to do next. Great suggestion. That's,

[294:11] Speaker 1: that's the piece that yeah, you're probably today.

[295:14] Sue McGarvie: I've just got that. That's fantastic. I haven't done that. Number two,

[296:05] Speaker 1: I thought you had done that's why I was a little confused. That's perfect. Well,

[297:04] Sue McGarvie: I don't know if except, I don't know. And part of it is is I have these two legs right that I have the lots and lots and lots of lots of sex content. And about four years of dating because it was during the pandemic when plants were not okay, being alone that I started the dating thing. By exam.

[301:19] Speaker 1: Oh my gosh, and the the isolation during the pandemic, it's just it just it hurt a lot of people. A lot of people are like, oh, all the deaths during COVID I think that the pain that happened from the isolation was even harder.

[305:02] Sue McGarvie: Well I started it because I lost a client literally jumped off a bridge and I Yeah, it was awful. And I was so mad and so upset that I said we've got to do something about this because loneliness kills and that's how it's evolved. But it's this process of how do I write so how long are your videos How long are you know when we get to this copywriting about this how long are your videos that you're doing? You know when you're saying that that figuring it out

[312:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: your videos are the videos are right here I got them right here. Let me see the average length because it's it's actually listed on the video. So like here's for the last the last week.

[315:39] Speaker 1: See you there. Just kidding. This is a Facebook ad so obviously I'm recording it for you to see this. People are cheesy sometimes on Facebook ads. I don't want to be cheesy. I want to show you how to create offers that convert using artificial intelligence. Okay, three day aim for a launch pad, we're gonna walk you through all the nuts and bolts step by step for three days, register now. So that was 25 seconds long. 25 seconds. Okay, so I have various lengths, and I run all of them side by side. 51 seconds was on another one, this one I was walking through my house, I have to look at though, which ads did well, let's go into the ads manager real quick. And this is going to tell us more of what we need to know. Because again, I record all these ads, and only one or two of them do really well, the rest of them do do a lot worse, and they cost a lot more money. And so we don't want to necessarily run the ones that cost us a lot of money and didn't do well. And when I when I how do we define doing well? Well, it's just getting the cost to where I want it to be. So reaching 59,000 different accounts.

[334:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's our different campaigns. For the paid ads training that I did the oops, I don't want to duplicate the campaign. The ones that did well are these two right here. I turned off the rest of these. So I have a habit of I'll turn off and go through and delete whatever wasn't performing how I wanted to so all of these I mean, they're they're probably great ads, but they're costing me way more. These are the ones that did well and it's really just these

[343:38] Speaker 1: what do they all have in common? Let's take a look at them. Let's deleting the other ones first. So what I look for is what is the copy that they all have in common? What is the length of them? One thing that I noticed is that me wearing the red Kansas City Chiefs Jersey seems to do really well. It's funny. Yeah. It's Taylor Swift's boyfriend.

[351:18] Speaker 3: Yeah, there it is. His jersey. Okay. You're

[352:23] Sue McGarvie: right. That's what you're right. You heard you got the beard. That's hilarious. Yeah. You should get the number you know. Yeah. Me as Jays. Yeah, you should you should

[355:43] Speaker 1: really like to have a double take when they see the ad because they think it's like part of pop culture. Um, one minute on that out is that one's one minute long. This one right here is also a minute long. So yeah, so a minute and six seconds. This one was interesting. I said should be quiet I go upstairs. I recorded this at like four in the morning. I'm like whispering people can't tell it I'm doing so creates curiosity. As funny as I none of this I planned on doing it just all pops in my head. And then I just do it impulsively. So that's one of the weird things about me when it comes to my the way I market. It's 100%, recklessly impulse based. And it's not planned or strategic.

[369:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like I have this weird impulse, hey, let me record this. And then it turns into something great as just probably because I've been doing it for so long, that I start to recognize when I have this feeling inside me, it's a good idea. And so then I almost feel like I don't have control over like recording it or not.

[373:43] Speaker 1: And I've trained myself to recognize what those are. But then I can break down when I have to teach it. That's why I teach often just really more like feeling your body and your and your intuition more, because that's like, what I do is a lot of intuition based but then if I can reverse engineer what I'm actually doing, there's probably a science to

[378:14] Sue McGarvie: it. Okay, and one last question you take

[379:05] Speaker 1: too long right here. Yep. So a minute long is my one of my favorite lengths. Generally, Brad's minute and five seconds max? Maybe. Okay.

[382:40] Sue McGarvie: And so the copy you writing with your, your landing page? That's the sort of is that the hero's journey? Is that the that's the pain points? Is it just a call to action? And you would say that it goes on for a while, it's all of those pieces, and all the reasons why they have to do it.

[387:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, well, well, we start with the video. And then we start with the ad copy, which this is the AI writes this, right, based off of what's on the landing page. So I take the landing page, tell the AI to write it. And then I edited it to based on like, what I think would be more appropriate. And then there's like a pattern as well. If I look at the ones that ran, I can select all of them. And then I can go see it says there's different ones. But then I can click this and I can look at

[396:01] Speaker 1: there's one that's been that's running more than most. And so this copy is was actually running more than the others. And so I probably would even eliminate the other cell ad copy and use the one that's running more and then I would till the AI write me for variations of this copy, because it performed well, to try to see if it can beat it, basically. And I'll give it the script of the videos that did well and the landing page again, and the AI will start to basically try to self improve based on its own work.

[404:46] Sue McGarvie: All right, self improvement. Okay. Thank you so much. That's helpful.

[406:00] Speaker 1: Yeah. So there's that. We broke down the landing page copy, because let me that was actually a question you asked me, but I got it. I saw the landing page is redirecting right now. So I have to

[409:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's old landing page copy, too. It's not even I didn't even edit it. This is like from what I ran like three months ago. So I'm running the same landing page copy, I'm probably going to edit it next time because the lead cost wasn't necessarily what I wanted. But I know I can close sales. If I get people on to like a, an intensive and I call this different. It was a live interactive lab. So we had a lot more engagement, a lot more viewership with a lot less registrations. This is the first time I've had close to like over 200 people on a single recording

[419:56] Speaker 1: of a day one. And the amount of people that stuck through and watched all the way through day three. This is the largest number of people that I've ever had. Was this one. So that tells me that my three day deal here resonated better with people than what I was running before. But maybe my entry level offer wasn't as good my best entry level offer was the new the new one that I worked on. So again, let me let me pull that up. A little bit. discombobulated flustered here, because I gotta log in here. Okay, gotta log in here. Again, nope. Now I have to use a different web browser. See? So even I like I get all like, I wish it was simple and easy, but it's not. Yes,

[436:05] Sue McGarvie: yes. So

[436:24] Speaker 1: I have to like, I have to like bounce between different apps and things. And I use different browsers for different purposes. This one, I'm already logged into cinema.

[439:02] Sue McGarvie: Can you do the three day because it pulled so well, that you know, because it seems to be like You're, you're on so often,

[440:52] Speaker 1: I'm going to do a two day either a two day or a four day I haven't decided

[442:09] Sue McGarvie: just continually running these programs. You know, because they said if we're if we're in this in the client growth accelerator trying to model you. It just feels like I'm doing every two weeks. I'm doing a bootcamp for an hour. I'm starting I do a fireside chat and trying to do but I can't keep up with how much you're you're doing

[447:37] Speaker 1: because I've been doing it so long. So like for me again, I'm not working very much at all right now. Because I'm I'm just like I have, I figured out how to get to where like I don't have to do a lot of work to make the machine work. So the machine is working itself. But I started with the same grind that you're on a year and a half ago. And it started to refine itself. So it's kind of getting to where it's like, Okay, what's sustainable for you? Because modeling what I'm doing is like I'm not even operating at my highest potential I may be operating at 10% of what I could do, which is why I'm trying to build even a bigger structure. This one right here was my very best landing page performing getting lead cost highest quality leads so far.

[459:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe so it's a different message. I it's a different even color psychology in the in the imagery right here. I borrowed from the color was from the Hyundai. What was the advertisement that Hyundai has their car that they have? So I pulled the color from? Oh, that's just the Tucson. Where's that? No, they have like, they have like a really popular car. And I kept seeing it everywhere while I was driving around. And I was like, Oh, that's a great color. So there's that orange there but they have this other color that they're advertising and marketing.

[469:50] Speaker 1: And I look at I look at automotive advertisements more than anything else to find. Color Psychology. The Sonata that read I borrowed that read as well.

[473:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, did they? Did they take it down? Oh no. Where did I borrow? It was actually That's right. It was the Teemu ad that was on the Superbowl. Right. Which again, these colors are changing now they're going based seasonally on to towards Easter. So one thing that you're going to notice from corporations is that they they mirror and rotate their colors based on the seasons. too. So when I looked at as I looked at this ad that they ran right here, and I tried to mirror some of that coloring. Now moving forward, I'm gonna want to look at, okay, what is being marketed and sold to people right now. And so this, the way that I do this is I go to target, I go to Walmart, I go to the grocery store, and I look at what stands out to me on the shelves, that they're trying to get me to buy from all these companies, I look at what is being marketed through Netflix. This is how I come up with my color psychology, I look at what's being marketed on Amazon. If I go to the front page of Amazon right now, and I'm creating graphics. I'm gonna look at what's trending right now, when it comes to colors, so again, this red color right here, that's almost an echo of Valentine's Day. Very powerful. This red color right here, this deep red color, you can see is across the board and I'm logged in as well. To an account if I log out let's and that's where we can really find it as if you log out of

[497:36] Speaker 1: these and you go like incognito browser. And it's so funny. They actually they they've made it to where Okay, here so we got this little bit of an orange here. Orange and, and turquoise. I wore this turquoise color yesterday on my webinar, right there. It's very interesting. So I have found that subconsciously, I do all this stuff, and I don't even realize I'm doing it.

[505:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I even like and so here's some of the orange like Dune was really popular. I look at what's the biggest move blockbuster movies that are being promoted to what colors are they using and their marketing. Okay, so this was all last month, right? This is all last month stuff that I'm pulling from for the color of the webinar that I was doing a month ago. Now we're looking at we have a whole different color as we go into Easter season as we go into post Easter. And we're now in post Valentine's Day.

[514:59] Sue McGarvie: I think it's brilliant that you look like Travis Kelce and you got your Kansas I can't think of a look

[516:33] Speaker 1: like I don't know if I look like him but I he's been one of my favorite football players for like seven years.

[518:26] Sue McGarvie: Jeremiah, you got the same coloring? You've got the beard. Yeah, I

[519:18] Speaker 1: know. I'm even from like Michigan. Take off the

[520:15] Sue McGarvie: glasses and do your best to look like Travis Kelce I'm telling you that he's brilliant. Like holy smokes.

[522:02] Speaker 1: Yeah. Like if I get a little bit more ripped and a little bit more like be like him you know?

[524:21] Sue McGarvie: You're actually look a fair amount you look a lot more like him than I look like Taylor Swift. So I need that's really

[525:52] Speaker 1: funny. Yeah, that's funny too is if we look at like archetypes of is there a celebrity that like doppelganger that we might have? For the longest time I used to get Seth Rogen was the doppelganger Right. Which was back when I was like smoking pot a lot. It's really what kind of energy are you projecting? It's what kind of energy do you project? So if I'm projecting more of like a Travis Kelce type? Energy? It's probably it's probably exactly where that's coming from.

[535:25] Sue McGarvie: You do a video with football. Do videos. Yeah. Do a video with the football. Take your glasses off with your tech Kansas City with the Kansas City stuff behind you see what happens?

[538:09] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Well, I got all kinds of Kansas City gear.

[539:12] Sue McGarvie: All right. I think that'd be really interesting. Because I'm like, I'm

[540:03] Speaker 1: actually a fan of Kansas City. We had season tickets at the stadium for years.

[541:11] Sue McGarvie: Anybody who knows that this is legit, like

[542:08] Speaker 1: Yeah, so hold on. And I and I have I definitely did attach myself a little bit because we do we attach ourselves to I love Patrick mahomes I love his family. I love watching the Kelsey brothers all that. My wife says I'm a lot more of a Jason Kelsey, though. Less than Travis so personality wise. That's more she would rather me be more of a Jason Kelce as a father and as a husband.

[549:40] Sue McGarvie: I think it's hilarious. That's

[550:00] Speaker 1: the Travis Kelce energy is more seductive, more attractive, more draws people in. So there you go. Cool. All it's all connected. It's so funny how like, there's like an echo of these different archetypes. And people think this is like weird and creepy and like all of that, but it's like it's all happening subconsciously influencing pop culture. It's been happening since the dawn of time influencers inside of circles and things like that, you know, what did they have in the 1600s? They had plays

[560:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, you had kings, you had the Royals, you had all of that. And then people would model themselves after who were those influencers, in business leaders, things like that.

[564:20] Speaker 1: I'm glad that you, you recognize that most people don't recognize that as quickly as you caught on to it soup. So that's good.

[565:40] Sue McGarvie: Thanks. I think it's great. That's cool.

[566:33] Speaker 1: So I do think it's funny, though, when I watch you on video, and on ads, I actually weirdly enough, get a little bit of a Taylor Swift vibe from you. But like an older, like if Taylor Swift was your age? Yes. Interesting. Right?

[570:45] Sue McGarvie: That is okay. I have to,

[571:36] Speaker 1: like, think of that, like, if Taylor Swift was your age, then how would she act to draw people in to whatever her message is? And then that would be how you could show up? None? That wouldn't be everybody. I wouldn't give that same advice to Michelle. Michelle would be you know, and that's really like, whatever you may be resonate with, and pop culture. Who do you like? Who do you follow? Who do you think is cool? I find this for example, too. I tell my wife, like, I'm always joking with her. I'm like, like, I'll like I'll get like sucked in or drawn in by like, like a female actress that I see. And she's like, well, you know why? Because it looks like me. When my wife says she's, like, you have a type that you're attracted to, you know, like, oh, yeah, that's why oh, that's like, I'm like watching her, but it's not her in my brain, you know. So

[585:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's very interesting, if you notice your behavior, that the people that we're drawn to the most they feel and resonate in the familiar to either our friends or family, or whatever influencers or celebrities or whatever, what we're watching on social media on a regular basis.

[590:24] Speaker 1: That's cool. So that we need to be somebody that we're not either. So all right, sales copy wise.

[593:55] Sue McGarvie: Well, I'm gonna, I'm going to post the I post, the one that I came up with, and I post the one that you came up with, and concerned about, you know, again, it's the, you know, I'm trying to always write it, I keep saying to AI at a grade eight level at a grade eight level at a grade eight level, I need it to be conversational, and whatever. So you are wanting to

[599:03] Speaker 1: drive grade six, and grade four. Really? It's so I've mentioned this a while back, it's tapping into the teenager and preteen voice in the mind of the prospect. What's the moment that your prospect probably had the most emotional changes and feelings? And where do they feel the most rejection, as well, from peers when it comes to love is speaking in that tone of voice as to that age range? Next to All right? So could be different for everybody, as well. Again, that and that's where AI is so cool, as you can kind of figure that out. So I look at like, what are our goals that we're looking for? A lot of what I teach, here's a great example right here, of this.

[613:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Number one complaint, people say they're overwhelmed by the tech, right learning the tech. Where was the first time that my clients felt overwhelmed by being taught somebody by something by somebody that was smart, and they felt stupid, because they couldn't figure it out? Yeah, usually? grade seven math, right? Yeah, exactly. So well, it's even sometimes earlier than that could be third grade could be fourth grade. bullied by other kids, things like that.

[619:59] Speaker 1: Yep. And so then if I can tap into that internal dialogue with my sales copy, at that level, it resonates deeper, to show empathy. Yep. And again, I'm like, all of this stuff, like can be used, like so creepy. But it's already being used this way by every corporation on the planet. There are they're all using AI to do it. Yeah. Weirdly enough, Gen Z understands this better than any other age range. Gen Z, if you talk to people that are Gen Z age, they're like, oh, yeah, like, it's like, so obvious, right? And I'm like, not everybody who's older than you. That's why a lot of Gen Z, like they don't engage on social media the same way that millennials and older do. I heard a statement that said this to like Gen. They're like, it's as arrogant sort of thing that I had, but it's also kind of true. Gen Z says we're the first generation that isn't being controlled by computers. And I'm like, That's what you think.

[638:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, but yeah, right now, the advertisers are new manipulating the thoughts and minds and influencing the people with the most money. And right now that's pivoting towards millennials and Gen Z, because now they're coming of age and having finances to buy products. Yeah,

[643:19] Sue McGarvie: I would, I would say that, you know, the Gen X that I'm in have a lot of disposable income, it's the most

[644:55] Speaker 1: amount of money is gender 100%. That's why I have focused almost exclusively on 40 and up as my demographic. But I'm starting to pivot towards wanting to bring in the under 40. Crowd. So what I tapped into yesterday was, like I said, I struggle with translating what I teach to, to educators, and therapists, and particularly if they're over 40. Because if an educator or therapist is under 40, they have a different experience with video games. Generally, somebody who's under 40 Today played a lot of video games. And so I the way I teach is actually almost designed the way a video game tutorial is written. I found my coaching program is like, the way you level up inside of a video game. And I didn't even realize it as I've designed the way that I do everything based on video game design. Subconsciously,

[659:25] Sue McGarvie: yeah. Do you ever want to talk to I have a group of friends who are therapists, about therapists? And how do you talk to them? Like even just one on one, I'd be happy to tell you what I because I watched enough of yours. And I you know, I'm I would never presume to give you advice. But if you want some thoughts I have Yeah, I'd

[664:32] Speaker 1: be open to that for sure. I know that my content can help. Oh, yeah, educators, but I get the most negative feedback of like, you know, I can't do that or it's unethical or, or, dare I say people telling me it's illegal, and I should be put in jail for what I teach. And I'm like, I don't think I should be put in jail for what I teach. But I could see how people that need to be put in jail could use it for wrong.

[672:02] Sue McGarvie: I think the

[672:24] Speaker 1: Jordan Belfort great example, he went to prison for using a lot of these methods to defraud people if you're going to defraud people and harm them. Yeah, you shouldn't be.

[675:20] Sue McGarvie: In the he uses scripts, he uses scripts, he says he swears by scripts, you don't seem to do that you're very intuitive, and you're

[677:41] Speaker 1: intuitive, but then I find I use my intuition to create scripts. Okay. So that's one of the things I'll do and the AI helps with. So let's, let's revert that back, the ads that I showed you, the two or three that did really well, next time I go out, I'm gonna I mirror and model whatever I said in those two or three that did really well. So that becomes my script. And I use the algorithm and the AI to help me actually script it. So I'm using the algorithm to develop my script for me from Intuition backwards, instead of necessarily scripting it out first. Yeah, but the AI can help you do that it can help you write a baseline script idea to start with. And I think that's the best use case of using the AI is to help you brainstorm a starting place for the for your ads, copy all of that media, and then edit it.

[694:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because again, I've talked about this a little bit. Human beings are evolving mentally, at a rapid pace right now, because of artificial intelligence, they don't even realize it, because they're becoming immune to being influenced by AI language. Because they don't want to be manipulated by computers. Right? So we are adapting as humans to resist artificial intelligence created content.

[701:43] Speaker 1: Pretty crazy, right? And that's happened in just one year. Which is why a lot of people are like, they're terrified when you look at what's happening with AI. But then I listened to these AI scientists, and they're like, I have a lot of faith in humanity to be able to evolve to not actually be manipulated by this. And that's like, okay, it's really scary, because there is going to be a whole demographic that will be manipulated by it. And they are they already are being manipulated by social media is the perfect example of that because it manipulates people to stay hooked on the drug. And just scroll, scroll, scroll constantly. If I catch myself scrolling for more than like 10 minutes, and I don't mean to, I shut my phone off, because I have now tapped into whatever that addiction loop is that they found for me. But sometimes I'll do that on purpose. I like like when I'm writing copy, I'll actually go into a state of where I just scroll whatever is the most addictive content for me. And then it gives me ideas for what to write

[718:17] Sue McGarvie: things as quickly

[718:39] Speaker 1: hurtful, doing that not everybody can do that. That's a very, because I've taught them myself how to not get hooked in and addicted by certain products. That'd be very careful with

[723:47] Sue McGarvie: that you mentioned that that even even though the way that people do you know, mentoring has changed to changes, you know, 18 months ago or four years ago, you could just you know, or, or you know what her name Eileen Wilder who put up you know, who put up an evergreen is now taking it down because it what worked, you know, two years ago or even even six months ago, isn't working out.

[730:07] Speaker 1: Yeah. And that's what I it's so funny what you just said, because that's exactly what I was telling people that were following what Eileen was doing, like six months ago, and they would call me crazy. And now they're all doing the same thing. So I'm like, I need to trust my instincts more because they're actually usually right. Yep. I have a guy right now. I'm trying to tell him really close friend of mine, like multimillionaire that I've coached and mentored. And he's like, telling me that I'm on crack for the stuff I'm saying right now, and that I that I know nothing about the real world. And I'm like, dude, okay, talk to me in six months. So because I can't, what, that's where I struggled. There are people they don't want to be persuaded. They don't want, they don't want to change their belief system. Because it when we start threatening people's identity a little bit, especially if it's attached to money, or, or relationships or relationships is a big one. Because what's your relationship to your net? People always say this, your network is your net worth, right? So Sue, what you're doing is as you're actually you're tapping into and challenging the core of a lot of their identity when it comes to their network and net worth and survival mechanisms. Because if people are ostracized by the tribe, they can't survive. And so what you challenge is telling them, I think you we need to your number one thing is to, and this is again, this is 100%. Intuitive that I'm saying this right now is that you have to but I've been pulling from a lot of stuff that I've studied, the first thing that you need to do is alleviate people's fear of being ostracized by the tribe.

[756:20] Speaker 1: Okay? By feeling like if I follow what Sue does, I'm gonna lose all my friends.

[758:49] Speaker 1: Wearing whereas, which is interesting, whereas what I teach, I mean this with respect for a lot of people, when they come in to what I teach you, they probably are going to lose a lot of friends. Because if you go from like, being broke to a millionaire like that, that at some of your friends can't catch up to that, and they'll try to pull you backwards. And it can oftentimes be your closest defense relationships. And that's where that's the biggest thing that stops people from financially growing is because their friends and family don't want them to grow. And, gosh, they can get very sometimes violent with it.

[769:36] Sue McGarvie: It's called the Canadian lobster story. I don't know if you've heard it, it's, it's the lobsters in the trap. They do is the lobster tries to get out of the trap, they'll climb up and the other ones behind it will pull it down. Exactly.

[773:25] Speaker 1: crabs in a bucket. That's the New England version. Of course, isn't isn't Canada and the US both New England. So there we go. Or France. That's a that's a great conversation that I love to talk with my Canadian friends about is how similar yet different we are from France and England. And it's just like, we're just a continuation of the last 400 years of history over here. And it's all just one big fun experiment that we get to be a part of still. Especially with my friends from the UK, or my friends that have migrated from the UK to the United States or Canada. I got a buddy who I talked to who does advertising and AI, who's from England, and we have great conversations about this. So that's why I love the play Hamilton by Lin Manuel Miranda is such a great archetype of Communication and Culture All right, at least as an American I see it that way. Maybe as a Canadian that might be different. Now,

[793:12] Sue McGarvie: Canadians and Americans despite having all grown up on Bugs Bunny, we're no closer than second cousins. I'm actually Phillip, my partner's British and closer to the UK. We're actually much more like the UK than we are like the US.

[796:43] Speaker 1: I agree. Yeah, exactly. It's a lot of Yeah, totally. For sure. Which is cool though. I love I love that. Like I'm starting to like I said this. Two years ago my like my hardest clients work. With were UK and Canadians, and now that's changing, because I've evolved a little bit and become less of an arrogant American, probably, and become more open to having conversations without changing my beliefs or convictions. Because my beliefs and convictions have stayed the same. But I'm like, Hey, let's all collaborate. Let's let's be a unified front.

[806:04] Sue McGarvie: I think you've become a little more secular. More

[806:48] Speaker 1: set. Yeah, totally. For sure. Religious. If, if,

[807:41] Sue McGarvie: if, you know, some of the early stuff that you have, like, I think, yeah, we're, we're, we're a country of atheists. And the very, you know, and we respect we, you know, we weed gay marriage, probably,

[811:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's probably why you want to know, I think what has actually helped me do that, weirdly enough, is the church I go to that's actually helped me do that. Because the because the people there are a lot less religious than I have been. So it's like, I'm learning to like, unlock that. And not be so because I grew up in all that really weird religion cultic stuff that I grew up in. So it's unlearning a lot of that weirdness.

[819:00] Speaker 1: Watch some weird cult documentaries. It was it's like one step removed from the stuff I grew up in. So then I had to unlearn like, these are not like good behaviors. At the same time, it's why I understand marketing so well, because what brings people into a coaching business is maybe two steps removed from what hooks people into cults. And like, we got to challenge ourselves as coaches to not start cults. So. That's the conversation I have with my mother constantly. And a lot of my my best clients, they're like, Yeah, I could start a cult tomorrow if I wanted to. But I but I choose not to.

[831:21] Speaker 1: That's, that's a choice. Or a su, you're like, Yeah, I don't think I would ever go that route.

[833:47] Sue McGarvie: I did work with ritual abuse, scariest work I've ever done. Right as being as a therapist, ritual

[835:05] Speaker 1: abuse, is that what it is? Was it that's what it's called? I like that that term. That's what it's called. Religious abuse. But yeah, it's,

[837:26] Sue McGarvie: it's if you have had that, yeah. And they do. Like, they try and get people not to drink as much water because they're dehydrated, they take they're more impressionable. And then they drive triggers as it you know, I use the analogy. So it's either a mosquito, or it's a sparrow or it's a turkey or it's a cow, or it's an elephant or it's a dinosaur. And there's always mosquitoes and you have to figure out what at what level you're triggered at. And that's how it came with ritual abuse. It's, it's significant.

[845:15] Speaker 1: It's interesting that I then brought in the idea of the pollinating bees to you.

[847:13] Sue McGarvie: Because you know why? Because I have a bee chain, and I'm a beekeeper. Okay.

[848:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So see, I pick up on stuff without knowing how I pick up on it all the time. Yeah. There's always a reason why I'm picking up on it. I'm learning. It's not like anything like weird or like, even like, God is telling me stuff. It's more just like I'm being I'm known, I noticed patterns subconsciously without noticing it. And then I'm like, Oh, I have this idea. And then I look back to oh, that's how I came to that conclusion

[856:05] Speaker 1: was that I realized something when I do my webinars. The old school video games influenced the nostalgia and people have the fun playfulness that I try to pull out in people to be able to write better sales copy. So

[860:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, this is our copywriting call, but it's turned into like a communications psychology class. So but honestly, that is what copywriting is. We think about it. It's learning how to ethically use the tools of psychology and communications, to help people with our coaching business and to make financial returns

[867:33] Speaker 1: with our campaigns. Does anybody else have any copy that you want us to go over or looking at? You sent me this right here, Sue? Catering to diverse preferences over 40 crowd?

[872:06] Sue McGarvie: It's too intellectual. Now that you've said that it's not at a grade six level it's not even at a grade eight. Yeah,

[873:17] Speaker 1: I agree. I think I think I think the I think the essence is here but I think it needs to be more again, whimsical, playful, down to earth. It's as a great example, again, the buzzing bees. My son is fascinated at a year old by buzzing bees. He doesn't know that they can sting him.

[878:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what's interesting is because he's my son is learning he's actually he's very gentle. They don't, he can like literally walk next to these bees and they're fine. He doesn't swat them or anything, he just ignores them.

[882:25] Speaker 1: And I'm learning like to be that way because I grew up with a terror, terrifying fear of stinging insects. Because I was stung multiple times as a child and swelled up like crazy. Never like life threatening allergy though. But just like my whole arm would swell up. But then I was fine. We would put some ointment on it and it would go away. Didn't know I never needed an epi pen that you'd think that I would have. So

[893:17] Speaker 1: yeah, that's interesting. The whole buzzing bees thing. I'm getting an interesting picture here. Of even like myself at the youngest age where I got stung by a bee

[896:47] Speaker 1: that even is who you tap into with people. When again, even that more childlike testing boundaries type thing. And telling them hey, it's safe to expand your boundaries when it comes to your friendships and relationships. Because that's really what you want them subconsciously to feel is like, hey, Sue here can show you how to go into this dangerous world of beekeeping and, and because that's what well, what is it when you go and network with with other people use you have people that they can use sharp words to hurt us sometimes or, or worse, you know, and that's our that's can be one of the greatest fears of dating over 40

[909:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: is getting sucked in by somebody that's going to hurt them. And so telling them, Hey, I'm going to equip you with the tools you need to where actually, you have a great time. It's fun, it's safe. It's exciting. And it's actually gonna be the coolest thing you've ever done in your life.

[914:33] Speaker 1: So there's some language right there. And I tell my son all the time, I have this statement, I say and he immediately perked up when I say I say, Hey, want to see something cool. And he's like, ah, and then he comes in watches what I'm gonna go show him. And then he like, grabs it. And he's like, starts trying to mimic what I did with it. You know? So I always whenever I'm gonna like, introduce him to something new as I use that statement and the anchors. That so finding anchor statements to with your audience is helpful. And then that gets to go right into your ads and your sales copy. Adele, Adele, how are you Adele? I saw your hand race.

[925:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'm driving home from work. So I'm going to be on the tree but I dropped I dropped a document into the group. Is there any way you can pick it up?

[928:04] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, let's take a look at it.

[928:58] Speaker 0: Seriously, I didn't have very much time I just talked it through.

[930:22] Speaker 1: There's no There's no reason to.

[931:18] Speaker 0: This isn't worse. No, honestly, it hasn't been through all the iterations of Gemini and up.

[933:31] Speaker 1: It doesn't have to be it's just ideas. So you Hey, Adele, Adele, can I tell you something as I as I am not upset or disappointed in you? All right. I know that it's probably we don't always have enough time to do what we need to do. It's okay. It's okay. You got you got stuff going on. All right. Grace is a powerful thing. Giving yourself grace. Because there's plenty of there's plenty of grace. There's an abundance of grace for all of us

[947:21] Speaker 1: I like the language it's definitely going to, I think appeal more to a male demographic. Here is that for more women. Okay, so then I would definitely there's a lot more masculine language here. This is very masculine.

[953:38] Speaker 1: But again, could be if that's what you're looking for a little bit more masculine women than that's to work.

[955:44] Speaker 0: I'm actually happy to work with men and women. I decided I don't want to cut my name is Dawn and welcome back.

[957:42] Speaker 1: Well, you'll have more men resonating with this and I'll say just based on your feminine appearance So you will attract more men. So

[961:41] Speaker 0: that's really interesting because I am not a girly girl and I'm not I don't, I don't resonate with women a lot, I have a lot of

[963:32] Speaker 1: this this message combined with even just how you're dressed right now, like if you didn't add like dressed how you are right now walking around and talking about this a ton of men and, and probably a ton of women too who would want to be like you. Because that because one thing I've noticed with you too is when you're driving a car is when you're the most confident because you're the most aware of your surroundings to and yet you feel confident driving. So if you so that was something I told Rick Pino for a while. So I told him, I said, Two things I want you to do when you create Facebook ads, and this helped him a lot. Go for a car ride with your kids and your wife. And then after you drop them off, and they go in the house, step out of the car, or record it in the car, your Facebook ad. So one thing that he would do is he would actually drive after he dropped his kids off. After he dropped his kids off at school. He would go into he had a separate office and he would walk into the office and that's when he would record the ads, because he would be in his highest level. If you want to use the term highest vibration state of mind. So for you that you're I feel like you're at your highest vibration state of mind right now. And so this is an exercise to for you. Go for a drive for like 2030 minutes, or even 510 minutes and then write your sales copy and see what comes out of that.

[987:41] Speaker 0: Yeah, cuz I always have music on musics really important to me that always

[988:42] Speaker 1: is really important because it's so different to

[989:36] Speaker 0: that daydreaming kind of Yeah. And a lot of things do drop in. When I'm driving.

[991:18] Speaker 1: I want to show you something with music. I can't because we're streaming on Facebook crap. Yeah.

[992:56] Speaker 0: I mean, I am a musician. Really? That's really I just

[993:51] Speaker 1: put it this way. You know the song by NWA called f the police.

[994:50] Speaker 0: Oh, I love I used to love that in my early 30s.

[995:44] Speaker 1: So that that gives you a different vibe than say listening to the Hamilton soundtrack versus listening to Kacey Musgraves or Lanie Wilson. Yeah,

[998:07] Speaker 0: totally. Yeah. If you want to get stuff done, I love that kind of stuff. Best Kind of. Yeah.

[999:42] Speaker 1: Well, I got stuff done music, okay, I'm gonna tell you all this. It's it's not very edifying music. It's probably some of the most narcissistic rock music you could ever listen to. If you could think of like, who's the douchiest asshole rock bands that are out there? That's who I turn on to write sales copy.

[1006:06] Speaker 0: All right, okay, I can I can relay that methodology. Yeah.

[1007:26] Speaker 1: And it's a lot of like, some of it is like not stuff that I would want people to know that I'm listening to very like womanizing type language. But for some reason, when I write sales copy, especially when I write it for my mom more than anything else, not necessarily for myself, but for my mom. That's the language. That's the vibe that I need to tap into to write the best copy.

[1014:14] Speaker 0: And so is it tapping into that vibe of really being really competent?

[1015:30] Speaker 1: Yeah, whereas when I write my own sales copy for my audience, it's more I listen to see shanties. Music, I listened to movie soundtracks. So I'll turn on I'll turn on more of this, like, do shroud. Yeah, like this douchebag rock music when I write my mom's sales copy. Whereas I'll turn on like movie soundtracks, and video game soundtracks when I write my own sales copy for my clients.

[1024:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, so it's gonna evoke a different, totally different. So

[1025:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: think about the experience that you want your copy to project, the energy that you wanted to bring across? Yeah, I used to write my copy with worship music.

[1029:17] Speaker 1: And it was terrible. It came out terribly. Because it was very much like healing from a victim state and like coming out of and you're more than a champion more than a conqueror? Yeah, when I realized okay, if I listened to Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack, the soundtrack to Assassin's Creed Black Flag which is a pirate video game. Basically any sort of these like pirate video game type soundtracks or different Netflix movie soundtracks and Netflix TV shows. That'll work that works well for me. Some of them I gotta be careful with though because so So I like the movie dune. But the music is made to move you in a different direction. I've had some people tell me even Dune is written in a demonic tone is what it is, which is interesting. And I, I feel very anxious when I listen to that.

[1044:22] Speaker 0: So yeah.

[1045:19] Speaker 1: won't listen to Lord of the Rings because again, Lord of the Rings is this more fantasy. I can't listen to the Game of Thrones soundtrack, because it brings you into a fantasy world. Yeah.

[1049:31] Wennie: I'm a musician. Like I used to DJ, I'm a worshiper. I know how powerful music is. And like, so whenever I was gonna, whenever I'm doing my live events, like I want to have music at the start.

[1052:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: What music would that be that you would turn? Five? What What would the top five songs be? Make a playlist of those, turn them on and then write your sales copy, go for a drive with those songs. turning those on and the write your copy with the ones that you would play at the beginning of your life

[1058:36] Speaker 0: what's just a part of the road where the reception is really bad because we won't go into

[1059:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, so yeah, so I'm not sure about. But that would have a lot of possibility for sure. For me, I think it's more I'm able to use chat GBT to identify which direction I want to take the copy based on the music that I feed into myself. I do that. Um, did you ever watch The Big Short, the movie The Big Short? So there's a guy he's this. He's the stock market trader who? In the in the movie, he turns on like metal music. And that's what gives him focus to know which stocks to trade. Oh,

[1072:10] Speaker 1: it's like heavy metal. So when I'm running Facebook ads, it's different. I'll usually turn on just like some hardcore generally, I'll find like a Christian metal artist because metal music has of spirit to it. So if I find a Christian metal artists that has the it has a much better spirit than say like a death metal artists. Yeah. I aggressive and everything like that. And when I run Facebook ads, that's when I that's what I turn on.

[1080:20] Speaker 0: Yeah, I mean, the thing is, whenever we invite people to our live events, we're essentially inviting them to our party. Parties have to have music. They have to have a vibe. Yep. Because you invite them to an experience.

[1083:59] Speaker 1: When I used to be a DJ, where I would, I would host parties at nightclubs in Austin. And then I would play the music that would set the vibe and I could figure out how I could tap into what's the right vibe to get them to do one thing and one thing only spend the most money on alcohol at the back of the room because then that's what paid me more money. Because I got 20% of the alcohol tab.

[1089:29] Wennie: You know what music Nick, people spent more money?

[1090:28] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, there's a whole sequence of songs I could play that would get them to go spend more money.

[1092:36] Wennie: Cuz I'm a worshiper, I understand this at a really really deep level. I have been in groups where, like, I know how to shift the atmosphere with my keyboards. Totally

[1095:06] Speaker 1: to Yeah, I play the I play the piano to ship shift the atmosphere in my home. Yeah, this little device that I got right here is one that I've been learning how to use on my live calls. Like if I go like this

[1100:58] Speaker 1: the good child like tone again, that might give you a headache a little bit if I just pluck out it too long but

[1104:57] Wennie: so yeah, so you say this copy. So basically what I'm gonna do Jeremiah is I'm gonna run a micro offer a small, low paid offer, and I'm going to try and upsell by bigger offer during that training, okay. Jr. masterclass. Yeah.

[1109:46] Speaker 1: So do do some of the stuff that I mentioned just now like with music and like all of that and now and then watch how your sales copy is gonna come out different. And that goes for everybody that's here. And Adele, I think you just mentioned the strategy to me. And so I'm going to kind of almost like, use that. As you mentioned, if you are hosting a live event and you wanted to have like intro music before the event, make a playlist of what that music might be.

[1118:43] Speaker 1: And then listen to that while you write the copy and while you go for a walk and drive or whatever you do.

[1121:13] Speaker 1: Hello last Jagan soft encouraging music plays in the background window open slow motion. Remember the butterflies are your first dance the uncertainty, the hope, the awkwardness fast forward, and here we are, we're navigating the dance of love again. But this time, it's different.

[1128:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: With over 40 Connect dot coms bootcamp, we're turning the dance floor into a launchpad for love. So I would change that a little bit. So is I would say, something more like this. I'd say Do you remember your first answer? Remember how it felt you remember, the awkwardness? You're excited, but you weren't quite sure as well it was going to happen.

[1134:15] Speaker 1: Truth is this is that sometimes we've been hurt when it comes to love. We've been hurt when it comes to relationships, and what's worse than getting rejected for your first dance. You don't have to experience that though. But unfortunately, that's what most people experience when it comes to relationships, and even friendships and it hurts. And there's a better way. And that's what I want to introduce you to with over 40 Connect. That's my company, we help you navigate the dance floor of life, to find the connections that you're looking for. If you're over 40, you've got a lot more wisdom than you did back in high school or back in back even in kindergarten, when you had that crush on that guy or girl that you saw. And you you just wish that you could go over and talk to them. Guess what, you can go over and talk to somebody right now. But listen, there's a way to do it. Because everybody else is just as scared as you are. I want to show you how to navigate this world to find the connections that you're looking for, to find yourself and to experience the joy of this. I'm an expert. I've been doing this for 30 years, and I've been helping people do this as well. And I can show you how to avoid getting hurt again, that will you not ever get hurt again? No, obviously, life is crazy. Could happen. But I want to make sure at least that you're armed with how to protect yourself as best as possible. And what are the tools that you can use to make real deep connections? So again, modify that however you would want Sue? That's what I could you could say in an ad. I bet that will get approved by Facebook.

[1160:23] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I just I've been fiddling with it. Well, I've been half listening to Adele and working with it on the AI to go to take the stuff so it's top of mind. How do we how do I do turn this into a 62nd ad? First one was the first three were super cheesy, but you're right, that was the best one I had. But yours is better. So I will take the copy from yours.

[1165:36] Speaker 1: You can listen to like theme songs from TV shows that people like what was the other one you mentioned?

[1167:54] Sue McGarvie: Like, like TV shows, like

[1168:21] Speaker 1: TV shows or movies. They all have a soundtrack to them. Right?

[1169:26] Sue McGarvie: So it's got to be newer because my audiences kind of the like the family ties it that's to your data, your range, but people may recognize it.

[1172:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Speaking of those, if you turn on some of this music, it'll get you into the vibe of the tone of voice and what to say in the ad or the copy. Yeah, cuz

[1175:18] Sue McGarvie: I can't run it in the ad because you don't run yo you can't but

[1176:07] Speaker 1: but while you write it or script it you can listen to it yourself in the background. That's what I just mentioned to Adele. I heard that you could turn the movie on yourself. You could literally just turn the movie on while you write copy and start to get a feel for like

[1180:16] Sue McGarvie: that. Yeah, birthday club stuff. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Cool. Well, I like the copy. Thank you. Why

[1182:36] Speaker 1: do I come up with the best business ideas when I play video games? Probably because it gets me again into that mental. The neurotransmitters are firing in that direction. But but guess which games I've been playing the most super complicated ones.

[1186:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe I should start playing Super Mario more often and I might be able to simplify my coaching program. Hackman. Yeah, exactly. My son has been playing PacMan if I can get good at Pac Man. And I can figure out how to teach I should watch some tutorials on people that teach Pac Man and see how they do it because I watch tutorials of people that teach like how to play these like crazy games like Elden ring. Which again, by the way, though the game of business is as hard as a game like this. It's about but PacMan also, let's put it this way to get good at Pac Man is about as hard as this game is but it's the controls are simpler. Unfortunately, though, the Facebook Ads Manager again is about as hard as this because it was it's been It was developed by gamers. The ads manager was developed by video gamers like me You're so good at it that that's why I understand it so well. That's why my mom understands it too, because she raised my brothers and I have homeschooled us. So she understands how to tap into like the way that our our minds think. So that's that's helped her understand technology better. If you just get some more friends that are millennials and Gen Z. The you can either hire them to use these tools, or they can show you how to use them better. Here's it. Here's another way, Tetris. The Tetris. Anywho. I think that all of this it's so weird. It's like it's it's like coming together. And I'm realizing is like so connected to how we write, copy, how we create our funnels, how we create our ads, and all that. And the reason why it's so complicated is probably just because I like complicated. I play very complex video games, because nothing really stimulates my mind enough more than complexity. But my clients are not at that level yet. Right. So I got to uncom uncom Plexus sigh The very next thing,

[1222:48] Wennie: you know, because it doesn't really interest me. So that's why it's like, I don't know, I felt like a mental block. But

[1225:21] Speaker 1: yeah, organic content probably interests you really well.

[1226:47] Wennie: Well, I'm kind of like, I just want to do the coaching. It's almost like

[1228:25] Speaker 1: a coaching about how are you going to get the clients though, is the question, how are you going to attract? Totally, I have a traffic source. Again, you could also another traffic source, you partner with somebody who already has a platform.

[1233:02] Speaker 0: You know, I've had apart so many debates about organic, or is everybody else?

[1234:47] Speaker 1: Well, they're both really powerful. I know. People that have built empires organically. Yeah. Why?

[1237:21] Wennie: Some people obligate us for people. So it's up to us.

[1238:30] Speaker 1: I think using both is the best thing to do. Yeah,

[1239:34] Speaker 0: definitely. What what I want to do is run some stuff organically. So like, it's so funny, then I'll stick it in. But I don't have the cash right now. So I don't have a choice. Yeah, yeah.

[1245:41] Speaker 1: All righty. Well, anybody else have some copy, we want to review some things we want to look over.

[1247:45] Speaker 0: So you didn't review my copy? Jeremiah? Just looked at it briefly.

[1248:49] Speaker 1: Oh, wait, wait, what? What was that?

[1249:55] Speaker 0: Did you review my copy?

[1250:15] Speaker 1: Yeah. Well, I told you that it was my masculine. Yeah. And like what to do? I would rewrite it by listening to some different music. So you didn't tell me? What are some songs that you would play at a at a mastermind?

[1255:28] Speaker 0: Or even like a live event? Yeah,

[1255:54] Speaker 1: a live event? Like if you were playing a live event? What music would you play? Well,

[1256:54] Wennie: it really, really depends on who I have attracted in. So okay,

[1258:23] Speaker 1: let's just let's just imagine that this is the sales letter for a live event for this. Who do you want to attract with that? Because Because we can listen to different music to based on which copy we want to write. So for me,

[1262:08] Speaker 0: it's very, like, you know, so you basically write the copy based on who you want to work with. So I would, I would play the music based on who you have designed to attract. So I would have to really, really think about because just because the copy is like a magnet, and the music for them has to match the magnet. So you

[1267:28] Speaker 1: know, sales copy. Yeah, sales copy. Copy is like writing a song. Yeah, because the internal voice of themselves reading it and imagining you read it and reading it to them as in a tone of voice based on the energy that's being projected. And so that is like a resonance. And then again, we step away from music and go into storytelling. Okay. So we're playing the soundtrack to writing the story in the script by listening to it, so we're playing the soundtrack of our offer in our mind while we write it.

[1277:38] Speaker 0: I think I would say something. Cinema graphic, something big

[1280:00] Speaker 1: Word films give me three or four film soundtracks. Oh,

[1280:38] Speaker 0: I don't I don't watch film. I just don't even watch TV but I would really like if I find the music I would know but something up here

[1283:10] Speaker 1: how about that? How about we do the Spanish Princess soundtrack. Spanish princess is a TV show that my wife loves. And based on your copy this, this actually reminds me a little bit of that vibe a little bit that you're going for with what she wrote is this is the Spanish princess and if you understand so the Spanish process is a continuation of the White Queen. So the White Queen TV show is right here. And that is one of my favorite actresses of all time. Rebecca Ferguson. She is literally one of the best actresses of our generation. Yeah. And so what I'll look at is what what movies and things is Rebecca Ferguson in and then watch a couple of trailers of movies. And this is actually I always spent time watching trailers. So we got dune right here dune Mission Impossible we got greatest showmen. This is one of my favorites to listen to as well. When I write copy greatest showmen when I'm creating webinars. This is interesting. Um, again, those are my daughter,

[1307:45] Wennie: my daughter loves that stuff. Maybe when it came on

[1308:49] Speaker 1: TV shows the TV shows that she's in. So this is one of my favorite TV shows as well. I just love anything. Rebecca Ferguson as in I'm just like I'm obsessed with. And it's funny because it's not like, it's not like an attraction to her like, oh, I find her attractive physically. It's the vibe of what she plays. Because I don't necessarily find her very physically attractive, weirdly. But I find the energy that she carries to be what I love watching from a female lead, as far as this goes, yeah.

[1319:20] Speaker 0: So I have been ghostly like that kind of religious deconstructed, you know, I've kind of, I've had the chart chart, I'm not going to chart pie. I'm trying to teach program myself from the whole Christian stuff, you know, religious Christianity as well. I don't want to I don't want to be a Christian, which is why I'm not positing any Christian stuff. I don't want to use Christian language. I don't want to I don't want to attract, you know, Christians, we're spiritual people I just want to work with and I want to be able to work with men and women. So I don't want to I don't want my coffee to be treated groovy. I want to speak Kreinik, kind of kind of like concrete, solid. You know, I come from a corporate background, I've got the strategy, we're gonna do the mindset, we're gonna do that. As long as you could have mindset, financial mobility strategy, nice and rounded, sort of solid. Because I want to work with people, not like beginners, like, hey, I want to work with people that you know, it's not the six figure is what they need to get the seven. So I wouldn't be targeting like beginner or be targeted people a bit further down the track.

[1336:47] Speaker 1: Yeah, well, you want to find people that you have a problem of some kinds of their further down the track. What's that problem? What problem do they have down there?

[1339:02] Wennie: The problem is that they're pretty much doing everything themselves.

[1340:26] Speaker 0: And they need to automate it, they need to put a team in, they need to have a higher ticket offer, they need to find ways to multiply blocks, what is working for itself.

[1344:32] Speaker 1: By the way, I want to mention something some of y'all maybe you're either watching the recording or this is your first time here and you're like why is Jeremiah pulling so much about movies into all this? Can I tell you this? When I wrote copy for Rick Pino and my mom and Joshua Giles, I pulled entire archetypes of film scripts into writing their copy. And so this is something a that I haven't taught very much because I've not had language for it at scale. And so this has always been part of my method. Wow. It's always been part of my method. That's been the most powerful so like for Rick Pitino? It was 100% a mix of The Avengers combined with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, so we will try to create his worship coach branding was a mix of basically like, of this and I would mirror for him. I told him A vibe of a mix between the girl who's Who's the girl April so like her vibe as like the mentor of the turtles and the who's the rat, the rat guy, this guy splint splinter. So a combo of like Rick, Rick, I would say is a great combination between one part Splinter one part April O'Neil for his audience because this is literally Rick's favorite thing in the world. So we would mirror the copy as if showing up as like the guru and then his audience was basically the turtles. I

[1373:12] Speaker 0: totally get domain because whenever I was writing that last night, I was getting like an image an image is dropping God and image responded enough like, you know, well, I could see like the image at the top of the London pages. It's kind of like old skyscrapers over a city. But it was kind of like a bit of luxury as well. Kind of like modern but more

[1377:50] Speaker 1: luxurious. So

[1378:24] Speaker 0: what kind of city vibe and

[1379:14] Speaker 1: what we're looking for is when you use the word empire and luxury, I'm thinking of the TV show billions. Okay. This is one of my favorite TV shows. Right here.

[1383:29] Speaker 0: I'm gonna be on watch Obi Wan part

[1383:54] Speaker 1: billions. And one part another one is suits. The TV show suits.

[1386:50] Speaker 0: Yeah, but I don't I don't want to kind of cheap corporate

[1388:12] Speaker 1: suits wasn't very corporate suits is I mean, all right. Again, Megan Markel was the main character in here before she got married.

[1392:45] Speaker 0: I was like, oh, no, no,

[1393:09] Speaker 1: I'm talking more like the vibe of like, Megan Markel, and her co star from the TV show.

[1395:18] Speaker 0: Okay,

[1395:36] Speaker 1: that's what I'm thinking. Yeah, cuz I was right into the archetype of it's so funny is she almost continued the storyline herself. In real life. If you if you look at the underlying narrative of her, her rise in fame is actually what you're selling to people, I think. A bit. But in their, in their business.

[1405:39] Wennie: I lost the way that we're trying to, like really dig into like the archetypes that we're kind of. Exactly.

[1407:30] Speaker 1: So that's why I pulled up. Princess. Right? Yeah, like Queen. But also, look at this. Rebecca Ferguson, Dune, she was the concubine of the king. That was her role here was a concubine and the mother of the main character. Politics. Okay, so, again, Rebecca Ferguson, in the role, because I found a mirror image of her as they present her as a queen, but she's not she's actually a concubine. Because the king was not actually supposed to be married. In the in the storyline of Dune, and so, but she essentially was the queen as she came for, and she was a, from the line of the bene Jesuit witches, is what it was. Okay,

[1424:54] Speaker 0: so do you mean that I should be kind of putting a clean vibe into my, I

[1426:24] Speaker 1: think definitely that but also, like you said, king and queen? Well, here's the thing you show up as the archetype of the Queen, attracting those that want to become the royalty in their empire. Yeah,

[1429:57] Speaker 0: so the White Queen, I wonder if I could turn that into some kind of name for the offer. Well,

[1431:35] Speaker 1: now let's check this out. And again, I actually resonate more with the Spanish Princess a little bit. So the Spanish Princess continues the story from the White Queen, but it's more about let me let me see this. The Spanish princess is I think a lot more aligned with what you're doing. My wife is obsessed with this show. And it's also because her family so my wife's family is from Spain.

[1438:20] Speaker 0: And so what is the show about what is it about?

[1439:11] Speaker 1: Princess returns viewers to the word World of the Tudor royal court intrigue, continuing the story from the White Queen and the white Princess, teenage Catherine of Aragon, the strong willed Princess of Spain as promised to marry English Prince Arthur. Which is a great archetype of building an empire in business.

[1446:41] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay. Yeah.

[1447:44] Speaker 1: Pretty cool. So here's what we can do is we can take your copy now, since we figured out your archetype, and your storyline and all that it's a little bit also part of billions, again, billions is again, these multiple worlds colliding and combining with mergers and acquisitions and all that m&a. So if you look at as well, your background, a lot of that has a lot of m&a background to it. You come from,

[1454:35] Speaker 0: Yeah, cuz my background is kind of male and female, because I've got like, very billions,

[1455:52] Speaker 1: though. You know, like Wendy Rhodes from billions right here. So Wendy Rhodes is the therapist. You're not a therapist. She's not official. She is a therapist, but she's actually a life coach, to the stock traders. So she's on staff. And so she life coaches, the billionaires, and her husband is the one going after the billionaires. Her husband is the law enforcement officer. And so ultimately, when you find in billions, she is the most powerful character in the entire TV show, because she is actually pulling the strings of these powerful men and leaders. And sometimes does she do things that are not scrupulous shorter? At the in the very first show? Her husband is addicted to dominatrix sex. And so she acts as a dominatrix with her husband. That's the first scene of the TV show billions. per scene, Wendy row roads, Chuck. You don't have to search too far to find the energy here.

[1476:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, but then what it is, is she has a relationship with windy roads and acts. Bobby Axelrod. She's kind of like his work wife a little bit.

[1480:50] Speaker 1: But she's faithful to her husband, Chuck 100%. She's a high integrity person. How and Chuck is going after Bobby, trying to throw him in jail. What a crazy twisted storyline. It's amazing. It's one of the most coolest drama tv shows I've ever seen as it relates to business. And then you have this other the rising billionaire in the back here. He's looking to take over the empire. And his goal is to become President of the United States.

[1491:01] Speaker 0: So yeah, when I call the Empire era, it is a bit like, you know, it's not kind of serious, kind of, it's a little bit kind of, you know, oh, you're in your empire era, but it's just kind of that vibe of, we're expanding. We're taking an upper level, we're getting bigger, we're not. We're not like, you know, running a six figure business on the back of a FIVE POCKET, which we may have made work sticking lots of things together and doing everything yourself.

[1497:21] Speaker 1: What did you say a sugar business in the back of a what? Like,

[1498:29] Speaker 0: I'm sure some like a solopreneur printer, kids could make six figures on their own running around doing all the things you know having a

[1501:16] Speaker 1: racket though. So you don't want to you don't want to run a racket you want to create something more professional,

[1502:39] Speaker 0: professional. So that's going to feel something that's gonna make you a lot what happens

[1503:45] Speaker 1: what happens with a racket you get racketeering charges. You don't want that.

[1505:34] Speaker 0: And the thing is, like, you know, I built a business on the side of my day job, but I was I totally burnt out because I didn't.

[1507:48] Speaker 1: Well, that's exactly what it is, is when you're building a business on the back of a day job. It really is a picture of what racketeering is.

[1509:39] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[1509:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're ultimately like using one thing on the front end, I'm working for my boss, but I'm really doing this on the back end. And it's not. There's not integrity to it. And so if you can actually pull out of that, unless and by the way, for some of you though, we have a lot of people that are here in this group that are doing that. I don't want you to feel guilty, like you're doing anything dishonest. I think it's great. I think it's amazing. I think you need to do that with the intention to move out of your corporate job. Yeah, I

[1516:27] Speaker 0: want to get out of my corporate job like that's what I'll tell you this. That's

[1517:11] Speaker 1: my story. My story was that I was I worked for corporate for Danny Johnson. And then my mom, and I learned and observed with my photographic memory. And listening to everything, all these techniques.

[1521:20] Adele Best: I, I've actually worked in it in a corporate like in a program office like running contracts, like I've been running like million dollar contracts for the last 10 years, not really realizing the power of what I was learning because I was in like a kind of tiny score split. But now I'm seeing Wow, the stuff I've learned, I can really, really apply it. Because I'm seeing people like, as much as I want to get out of my corporate day job, because the salary so crap, I'm actually really thankful for what I learned there. Because I liked a lot of good business. That's cool. That's

[1529:43] Speaker 1: the thing is, you can always find looking back at your story and your history, what you learned. And I would mirror that in your copy of Dell is I would mirror people that want to leave their corporate day job, they got a lot of skills that they learned from being there. And they want to come out of this and be able to take those skills and immediately transfer them over and, and have something that they can live off of that's going to support them and their family and it's not going to be a drain on them. And it's not going to be it's not going to be like their last narcissistic relationship. You don't want to be like your last narcissistic relationship. You want it to be thriving, beautiful and amazing.

[1541:22] Speaker 0: Yeah, but But that means that I'd have to go in good targeting beginners. I don't really want to go into that, that. Yeah, so

[1543:30] Speaker 1: that would be the beginner targeting side of things. You might create a lead magnet that targets that and then you raise people, because the idea is this though, if they're beginners, though, check this out. Your beginners might be millionaires, but they have a million dollar salary working for a corporation and they want to start their own business. Okay, yeah, to be your beginners. So your beginners could literally be like the next Elon Musk or Steve Jobs, but they're working for somebody else and they feel trapped. Yeah. That's it's still a beginner on the journey that you're going to take them on. And you got to teach them how to unlearn the addictive cult based mentality of corporate America. You got to teach them how to unlearn submitting to a narcissistic psychopathic abusive bots. Yeah. And how to not only that way with their own employees.

[1558:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, that's totally an avenue. I hadn't thought about. Totally. Yeah. Yep.

[1560:49] Speaker 1: I mean, that's one of my that's one of my side missions with this group, is to help people do that. Exactly what I've just done. I

[1563:04] Speaker 0: mean, that narcissistic abusive relationship with a great was a great lesson in how not to conduct relationships in business. I mean, that's

[1565:19] Speaker 1: the number one I would say this any boundaries for your clientele. Working with narcissists and psychopaths is probably one of the number one reason they want to start their own thing. Partly because they're tired of the Bs, and they want to do better. And they know that if they actually did better, they could probably in the future acquire their company. Yeah, I mean, it's like, Oh, I

[1575:09] Speaker 0: really Yeah, I could totally get rid of targeting. Okay, really high level we

[1576:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: have and we have a really fun archetype here that we're gonna break down. Check this out, okay. What are company storylines of CEOs who were employees, had a crappy boss. They left started a competitor, and then bought out their boss's business. Ah, see here a few examples Howard Schultz and Starbucks.

[1584:08] Speaker 0: I didn't know that.

[1584:44] Speaker 1: Michael Dell and Dell technology while a freshman at University of Texas, he's right down the street from me. His model was to sell computers directly to the consumer. Well, not exactly having a crappy bosses motivation came from the seeing the inefficiencies. In the business model, Marc Benioff, and Salesforce became frustrated by the limitations of traditional corporate software. He saw the limitations. So that's what it is. It's not the crappy boss side. Are there other maybe smaller businesses that had this sort of archetype of wanting to do better than those who came before them to build an empire and become the main leader in that industry? Right, because that's really what we're talking about is that archetype right there. Let's do better than the generation before. Canva Oh, there we go. Canva Melanie Perkins. She wanted to do better than Adobe did for graphics design Warby Parker. Hey, look, I bought glasses from Warby Parker, they wanted to do better than the eyewear industry, MailChimp, they were founded to do better than traditional clunky email software's. That's the same reason to create a marketplace as an alternative for independent creators.

[1608:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So these are different archetypes, what if someone is just starting out, and they want to make 100k a year, but they want to follow the archetypes above as their inspiration?

[1615:09] Speaker 1: So obviously, that's going to be one of your number one things is helping them identify a niche. Do they already have the niche identified or not? Probably because it beginner would not know the niche, but maybe you can help them with that. What's your superpower on here? trollee. Number three, start small and lean. And number two, leveraging their strengths, skills and passions to create something innovate and bootstrap it with better systems. So if we lean into a program that's, that's based around these two, let's focus on on on on just these ideas. Okay, he's right here. What's up?

[1627:10] Speaker 0: On number five, I think was feeling that it's a feeling,

[1628:07] Speaker 1: okay. You want to bring scaling in here and setting financial goals, embracing failure and adapting, but maybe less of the growing your customer base digital marketing side of things? Does that sound right? Because digital marketing will be part of it. But you can just send all them to me. And then there we go. I'm joking. Yeah. You can help them with everything but digital marketing, and then we'll create an affiliate offer for Adele for all her clients.

[1636:55] Speaker 0: already. If I can set up a affiliate offer on my exit strategy out of your container, that would be very smart with it.

[1639:44] Speaker 1: Yeah, especially if you could structure it yourself for me. Let's see teaching people how to develop a unique solution. Create an MVP, find market fit if so of this right here, what is really, I think, your main focus of your program because I don't think you're going to be doing all of these things for people.

[1646:28] Adele Best: Right? So in my mind, the way I had the core structure was like, like whether it was three months, whether it was nine months kind of industry. So the fresh three mindset, the second third, trauma work and the third part strategy, because I truly believe that you need all of them, not just mindset, not

[1651:58] Speaker 0: not just the strategy, I believe in a really balanced approach. Just what I've seen in this container and other containers. You can have all the strategy you want but if you haven't got the other two can't work.

[1654:53] Speaker 1: Creating Empire leaders and World Changers involves a comprehensive approach to intertwines personal development, strategic planning, phase one mindset development, cultivate a growth mindset, develop vision and purpose, embrace failure as a learning tool. Number two trauma work and a great professional support. You can bring in other psychologists, therapists and coaches that are trained or you get trained to build emotional resilience. Number three, which again, I don't have this piece in my business, I refer people to go work with a therapist for this part of it. But I do a lot of

[1663:55] Speaker 0: Yeah, you could bring in like if you had a higher ticket offer or whatever you could bring in. Yeah,

[1665:12] Speaker 1: I would probably actually want to talk to Dr. mckaela Sarno, who is my mom's therapist right here. So she's a licensed EMDR consultant and therapist. This is who my mom's therapist is. And so she actually works with a lot of I told her her demographic is basically social media influencers, because that's who she works with. Most of her testimonies are all people who build businesses on social media. What her main testimony right here is Chalene Johnson, you know who that is? Oh, no. Yeah, I

[1675:08] Speaker 0: love her. I love her. That's

[1675:34] Speaker 1: her main client. Dr. Mikayla is main client is she and she is a close friend of my mom's so

[1677:58] Speaker 0: I was just gonna say that she really reminds me of your mom. Yeah. So

[1679:11] Speaker 1: Celine son very similar to the relationship with my mom and I Right here, too.

[1680:54] Speaker 0: Yeah, seems like another Jeremiah. But yeah, he,

[1681:39] Speaker 1: he's, he's, he's the Instagram expert. He's brilliant.

[1683:22] Speaker 0: She has a massive Instagram following. Yeah.

[1683:59] Speaker 1: Well, he does, but he

[1684:51] Speaker 0: did she make her money on Instagram or did she have this before

[1685:34] Speaker 1: was a beachbody coach. She started working corporate for Beachbody to build her brand. So she was corporately brought in by them. She was doing turbo fit right here. Hey Chalene Johnson is a great archetype of what you're trying to do even. She started here. She was a celebrity trainer for turbo fit in gyms all around America. Even a brilliant I mean, and her whole brand was sexy and powerful. That was her whole brand right there. You know what I mean? Yeah. And so then she's transitioned it to now she's like the mature mother.

[1698:24] Speaker 0: That's her husband and talks a lot about menopause stuff.

[1699:09] Speaker 1: So her her story arc has changed towards this fitness type of thing right here and again, my mom. My mom always follows what Chalene does and kind of mirrors a lot of it because her audience definitely resonates with that. You know what I mean? So that's why my mom really tries to mirror a lot of like, she leans energy in what she does. Yeah, he was very much the archetype of Chalene Johnson, but

[1707:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, for what she does with the stock market. She's She focuses in on on the finance, wealth, creation side of things. growing a garden is like growing up a stock portfolio.

[1710:45] Speaker 0: Yeah, raising, raising grandkids

[1711:22] Speaker 1: is like growing a stock portfolio. Right here, how do you influence your grandchildren? You know, there's my son right there. Halston

[1714:17] Speaker 0: was a kid. And

[1715:18] Speaker 1: my mom is sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you. I just can I finish this? My mom is doing a she is showing empire building. Through her 31 years, and her vision of passing on the Empire to her grandchildren. Those are my mom's two grandchildren. That's my brother's son, right there. And my son right here. And the empire of Sandy Krakowski. It's being passed on through my mom's sons to my brothers. And if you look at right here this is my brother Bobby right here. Uh huh. He writes music. He's He's published on a number of great records and things like that.

[1728:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then my brother Justin is right here. He, he works for a plumbing company in Kansas City. His wife is a she works in corporate corporate finance and marketing. So she works in corporate finance and marketing and they you know, and honestly, I mean, she's, oh, yeah, they're beautiful.

[1736:50] Speaker 0: Beautiful family.

[1737:22] Speaker 1: Yes. But my brother there's, there's him right there. Bing, bing, bing, silly So, and they live in Kansas City. So see, there's my brother's son Nephi. They're lovely. Which is so which is so interesting. If you look back further. He looked a lot like even Halston. A little bit back here. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, I

[1746:31] Speaker 0: can, I can really say yeah, a little bit. Really see that? Yeah.

[1748:00] Speaker 1: Here's my wife and I are getting married right here.

[1749:11] Speaker 0: And I love that dress. Absolutely stunning.

[1749:44] Speaker 1: So the story of of the Krakowskie Empire here, here it is my wife. There's my wife right there. There's my mom and I right there. There's my brother Bobby. You know, there's us. And this wasn't this was seven years ago. Seven years ago with my mom right there. Different brand. My mom's branding was different back then.

[1757:17] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah. So is this your mom's page, though? It's

[1758:08] Speaker 1: my brother's page. Yeah, this is him Kansas City, Kansas City. chiefs. And then there's my brother with his extended family at the Chiefs stadium. We're all just like, chiefs fans, I took this photo for him at the stadium. I took that photo coming soon. And then here's him, you know, because he was before he before he was a dad. He was all about the, you know, my brother. He's still into the cigar and the alcohol and coffee culture and yeah. Yeah, so this is my brother. Nine years ago, almost exactly to the week, nine years ago. There's my brother right there. And now here's him today what time flies, people change, we grow. Still got the Kansas City Chiefs logo here. But more mature, you can tell you can tell the maturity even in the photos, the hero's journey of my brother and his family and here's them the Harry Potter family which is just so funny, because they both of them grew up really hyper religious. So this is their whole like, you know, kind of slap in the face to religion a little bit.

[1781:45] Speaker 1: Which I think is which I think is which I think is great. So there's my brother right there. Yep, that's it. And then my other brother, you know, he just got he just got married. So he's going on his family building journey with Anastasia. Oh, Anastasia from Russia. Russian brides. But well, no, she, they're from San Francisco. Her father actually built some of the greatest buildings and restaurants in San Francisco, some of the most famous ones that people visit. So her father has his own architecture empire.

[1792:30] Speaker 0: Yeah. My cousin's and architects and he's married to an architect.

[1793:21] Speaker 1: Yeah, he let me let me just show you this. San Francisco. Fisherman's Wharf, and I want to show you where their reception was because her father designed it.

[1797:32] Speaker 0: You know, cuz, because I built my own house. I do have a really interesting architecture. i It's funny, because like building, the whole building thing was really coming through when I was thinking about this offer. It was like, you know, that kind of building?

[1801:27] Speaker 1: Well, I want to I just want to show you I just want to show you just how famous some of the restaurants for father worked on where this is the restaurant that my brother had his reception at upstairs. Because he designed the interior of this restaurant at Fisherman's Wharf.

[1806:42] Speaker 0: All right.

[1807:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when I say like famous like, Oh, I didn't have to google very far to find that photo, San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf restaurant. It's been there for years. Yeah, this is where my brother had his reception. And if you go inside of it, fisherman's grotto upstairs, reception. This is exactly where the wedding was. Was up here. Yep. Well, yep. There we go. Famous famous place for sure. In San Francisco. It's been there for years. Yep. I celebrities go there, all that. And then I met my brother was able to have his reception there. Why? Because his bride's father designed it.

[1821:29] Speaker 1: Oh, this whole archetype of empire building and all of that, as I'm sharing you my own family's Empire so that you can see, my mom started as a single mom living on $5,000 a year and created this whole empire with an idea of making money on the internet.

[1826:16] Speaker 0: So do you mean like, because I haven't really built an empire. It's not installed for me to quit, you

[1827:43] Speaker 1: help somebody else build an empire, you have helped.

[1828:26] Speaker 0: I've been building other people.

[1829:01] Speaker 1: So you've been building other people's empires. So you're 100% qualified to teach somebody how to build one because you've done it before? Yeah, you see how you can find the narrative there. So I've actually built our empire. Alongside my mom seven years ago, that wasn't my story. I was just an employee, working for other people's empires. I have changed my archetype to that of an empire builder now, by building my own seven figure business, and by helping my mom generate over nine figures in revenue over the last 30 years.

[1837:00] Speaker 0: I brought in a lot of I probably millions for the corporations I've worked for, but haven't had I haven't brought them into my own business. Does that disqualify me from going out there and like pride, dare I even know it

[1840:40] Speaker 1: be honest just be honest. Just be honest about your background. That's it. Yeah Just share your background say I have not ever built my own six or seven figure business yet I'm currently in the process of it here's what I have

[1845:11] Speaker 0: an offer you'll be helped me build my business empire but know exactly

[1846:17] Speaker 1: and tell them that and I you know I said that on my webinar the other day I said, Here's the reason why I want you to join the accelerator, so that Jeremiah Krakowski and his family can buy a bigger mansion in five years and we can have a private jet so help us help us private debt so, anyways, I gotta go because I gotta go on to my, my bonus q&a for that that webinar. Thanks so much. This was helpful for everybody for their sales copy.

[1854:05] Speaker 0: Thank you. Alright, see ya.

