CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-09-05T19:40:56.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: rAyq-1jwKUOrAl1xYiUdZ2xhBIA
---

[0:49] Speaker 0: Right,

[2:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: rock and roll, baby, I am excited today. Today is a good day. See, we're gonna go. I'm so we're here. Okay,

[8:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello. Cindy Sanders, how are you?

[11:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome on over. How you doing? Welcome into our live copywriting call here today, copywriting and ads rewrite call we have iva is about to jump on here. Alright, let's go live in the Facebook group. Go live here in the group. What's up? Cindy, how are you? What's up? Iva, welcome into the live copywriting call. I'm getting the the Facebook group going. I'm excited. I'm pumped. I just got done recording a killer YouTube video all about how to get 1000 people on your email list in 30 days. So that'll be awesome. That's gonna be going out there. I just launched my brand new offer yesterday. Literally have almost 100 people that signed up, and I haven't even ran ads to it yet, which is amazing. So that's awesome. I was like, I used to, I remember when I would host, like, our live webinars, I would maybe get 100 people that sign up just for a live webinar, and this one's pre recorded, and we already got 100 people that are signed up in 24 hours. I'm like, okay, something is going on here with doing pre recorded content. I think people get, you know, live is great. I don't think it's a bad thing, but I think that a mix of having some evergreen offers and we're going to start teaching about doing evergreen. We've been testing a lot of stuff with our our consulting clients over the last few months, doing stuff with Instagram ads as well. So that's going to be great. Anyways, today, this is your time, everybody, copywriting and ad rewrite call. That's what today's is. So if you have either some ads, you got a landing page, or you just want to talk through something, or maybe you're like, Hey, I'm stuck. I don't know what to do next. I can give you some coaching here today. This is your time. Let's take advantage of this, and I'd love to help you get things moving forward for you in your business, right? They make you add the Facebook group into the zoom thing right here, and then we can

[49:32] Speaker 2: do it. There we go,

[50:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: live producers right there. Let's see right now, it's just Cindy and I Oh, iva, okay, perfect. Can you review this for me? Yes. See, join us live on zoom here, there's the Zoom link, copy the invite,

[57:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: call and then next week, we're doing our offer Launch Pad event, which is exciting, because I just got done over, like, the last I think it took me, like, almost three months I did, was it June? Yeah, June, July, yeah. It was three months I was working on this offer, this evergreen offer. I really, like, I took 90 days to really dial it in. And that's, you know, it's working, which is awesome. So we're going to break down how to even launch one of those kind of offers during next week's event. We're going to show you what I believe is kind of the new way that everything is shifting with a lot of our the marketing and all of that. Alright, we're going live in the Facebook group. Let me pull up your page right here. Iva, the dream lab, okay, activate your God given dreams. Perfect. I love that. It's simple, it it tells me who it's for. I love your I love your spirit that you have too. You're just a bright light, somebody that I think people would just love to connect with. Oh, yeah, great photograph here already. This is awesome. Dreamlab is a 12 week, transformative coaching experience that helps bold, faithful, finally. To take action on your dreams.

[82:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So okay, so I like where you're going with this. Let me put my like laboratory. I gotta, like, sit down to get in the labs kind of thing. You know, when I when I write copy, I'm always half the time where I write copy, actually, 90% of the time is over there, on that couch, right there. So that's where I write most of my copy is on. I got a little Macbook over there where I do that. So let's see. Okay, women who tasted success but struggle with self doubt. So this part is throwing me off a little bit. Number one, I actually might adjust the color on this background here. Okay, Color Psychology is so huge, just with the energy that gets expressed. So even maybe something that borrows from, like your jacket here, just a little bit brighter. It's a little dingy the background, so it almost like kind of slows you down as you're looking at it a little bit. Yeah. Don't have anything to review. Finally, well enough to get back into, Oh, I'm sorry. You weren't. You weren't feeling very good going on 20th anniversary trip for three weeks next Thursday. All right? Amazing. Mental Health reset, yeah, yeah. You know, I feel like a lot of people have been doing that this year. I know myself. I have, I know. I'll tell you my mental health is in the best place it's ever been right now. So how you doing? Cindy, what's up? Beautiful lady,

[112:09] Speaker 2: hanging in there, just looking at iva's website with you. Awesome.

[113:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, success stories, perfect. Um, if you don't have Are you able to hide these photos? Or do you have photos of people?

[117:26] Speaker 0: I don't have photos, you know, you could

[118:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: for this. You could use AI to represent the people. Okay, I would say for what you're doing, I think that's okay. I think if it's like a marketing coaching thing, I probably wouldn't but like, for what you're doing, use like a representation Yeah, okay, great. So one of the things with these testimonies that I would do is I would are these directly what the people said word for word, I would edit them a little bit. Okay, so that's one of the things with with testimonies, is, is you can take exactly what they said and really find like, if there's one key headline I look for, that's the first thing that I'll say, and I might take what they said and just rearrange the order of the words. So again, I'm not putting words in their mouth. I'm not okay said, but I do it all the time with our testimonies. And we've, we've used Testimonies for years, and that's that's generally like the best practice, because what you're doing is you're kind of, you're taking what was said and you're crafting it into a better, a better way of doing, okay, well, I was drowning. Okay, is there some So, did this person give you anything about, like, an, like, a positive outcome that they have?

[143:24] Speaker 0: Um, not that one. I've got others on later on the page too. Yeah,

[145:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: this one's really good. This is great, right there, yeah, um, so even like this, um, IVA unlocks you if you're feeling locked up in every area of your life. So it's even just rearranging the sentence structure, okay, to read better, okay, headline,

[151:44] Speaker 0: yes, that makes a lot of that

[152:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and again, it I, I, I think, I think it's okay to do, to do that. So as a believer, believer. I've been working with a So, so again, the way this is written, the person's like, the way they're writing it is almost like it's not good sales copy. So we would reword it like it was great working with a coach that was aligned with with my beliefs, my. Self as a believer, something like that. Okay, gotcha. Yeah, I love that she I love that she also can, and then you would put, I love that she also converts her faith and that, thanks, Ava, you're the best. So good. That's great. Um, yeah, this one right here, that would be a, I would do, you know, the person could you, yeah, yeah. Is there some kind of a positive outcome that maybe they could say? Because that's one thing with testimonies, is you want to see like they're talking about where they came from, but we got here, is all just about where they came from.

[168:37] Speaker 0: Okay, I've got some testimonies further down the page that have like the outcome. Cool. See,

[171:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would add a little bit here, about about your background, just another line here. Okay, your story, what you like, where you've what you've come through, what you've worked through, things like that.

[174:51] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, I have a little bit of that there.

[177:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, I would put it into this section right here. Okay, Ooh, okay, I would bring this part right here, uh huh, up here. I would bring it right under here.

[183:11] Speaker 0: Okay, okay, sure. So

[183:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that right there. This is, this is really good, and needs to come earlier on the page. Okay, gotcha. This is, this is brilliant.

[186:24] Speaker 0: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's great,

[187:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: because then you're able to kind of unpack more of what that means, okay, yeah, rather than you're, like, unpacking it, and then you're telling them the the emotional piece, we go from emotion to logic.

[190:41] Speaker 0: Okay, gotcha, that's,

[191:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what a good a good offer, a good sales letter, a good sales copy landing page always, does you go emotion at the top and then validate with the logic? Okay, so, because that's, that's what people need to make a buying decision, they rarely will go from logic to then emotion. Yeah, they might. Long term, long term. People will but, but it puts a little hiccup in the conversation when we have to do that. So we always lead with the motion, the emotion. And then here's what ends up happening. It's a natural thing with humans. Wow, this feels really good. But is it real? You know, yes, yes. So then, whereas, like, we can lead with, oh, it's so real. And people be like, Okay, that sounds boring. So it's like, we want to feel really good, and we show them that it's real with the tangible logic pieces, yeah? And that's so again, I'm confident that I can get a transformation for you, yeah? So you bring this further up there, okay? And then you can put this on confident part right under your bio. So it kind of goes, here's me and here's what I can do for you. Oh, yeah, I like that. Yep, okay, um, in Thinkific, I would, uh, I tend to hide this section that gives a course overview. I find Okay, benefit you very much to have that there and again. Okay, so you got more, more testimony, right here? Is this the same person?

[217:39] Speaker 0: Yes, the JK is the same person, yes.

[218:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, okay, well, then that could be the Oh, I see, okay, so I saw.

[224:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's good. That's a great testimony. Let me see, excited to celebrate a win. I had a had a tough conversation, had a conversation that was previously really tough for my husband and I had finances, and we stayed calm and rational, which usually put me into a panic. So this, you know, this was huge, because my neural pathways are changing in relation to money. I was able to manage this area. And then you could put, we're also going to have Sunday weekly. So then, like, you would kind of end it with this part right here. Okay, you're going to do so again, the win. And then we kind of go to, like that, that last part right there. Okay, great. Um, when you have the payment plan, if you can get the price in there as well. Okay,

[237:35] Speaker 0: I'm still working with Thinkific, trying to figure out,

[238:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so the way you do that in Thinkific is you should be able to, there's a section you can edit, or. Three month payment plan, you should be able to put the price in there as well. Okay, I haven't gotten the buttons linked up yet. Oh, that might be why then, okay, I'm

[242:30] Speaker 0: still just trying to figure it all out.

[243:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Okay, countdown timer. That's when Enrollment ends. Okay? I

[246:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, I would drop the FAQ about the money back guarantee. If you don't have one, I wouldn't draw attention to it. Okay, I guess you could put there's no refunds. So instead of, is there a money back guarantee you set you could just say you could put it right here. There's no refunds up here, okay, you know, but I wouldn't put it in the FAQ. I would put it further up there again, money back versus there's no refunds. I would just say that is this right for me. I

[257:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that FAQ, we might want to unpack a little bit more to sell them on why it's valuable. So like that. That might be a great piece right here. And this is the beautiful part about sales copy is you can literally adjust this one piece right here might help you get clients that you would have otherwise lost. So some of the processes actually take you through, actually solidify what you may already know. So like unpack and add to that. Again, what the benefit and outcome is. So we're always going benefit first. A lot of this is, again, logic, process based language. So that's one of the things. Anytime we're going to talk about a process, we still want to connect it to benefit outcome. Okay, we're anchoring everything to benefit outcome, any kind of sales copy is anchored benefit outcome and then process, you know, because as as mentors, we're in the weeds of our process, so sure to lead with those benefits. Okay, right?

[281:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, if you the benefit can be to for you, if you want to ask the client about that, you can just explain it to them that I just, I don't think, I don't think you need to.

[285:45] Speaker 2: I was a little confused, because she may not have seen the question I asked you.

[287:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah. It says on testimonials, is there a benefit to rewriting for the client the way you want, and simply ask their acknowledgement for Okay, so again,

[290:18] Speaker 2: it depends on our relationship with the client.

[291:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe, I mean, I don't, I think some of that could so that, I think that question has a little bit of worry behind it, a little bit, doesn't it? I've

[295:44] Speaker 2: done it both ways, and so I just was curious of your opinion, yeah, yeah,

[297:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: my opinion, I think I don't I think it's probably better to just do it, and then, if they say something, explain it. Okay,

[300:15] Speaker 0: my thought process is that they probably forgot what they wrote.

[301:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's why you're not changing what they said, right? Yeah, you're just rearranging it. So that's how I like,

[303:35] Speaker 2: yeah. A couple of times they've said, Well, I haven't a clue what to say, and so I've written them a paragraph. I hear back, and that's what you're asking. I asked, Well, either way, but that's what I've done. Love it. That's Yes, one with the best results don't necessarily, kind of even recall what they were thinking at the beginning. And crafted.

[310:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there was usually, I see exactly what you're saying now

[311:49] Speaker 2: it's exact. They'll usual responses. It's exactly what I would have said if I knew how to say. It.

[313:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Huge benefit to that. Okay, great, yeah, yeah.

[314:29] Speaker 2: I think it was what I took touch point to past clients. Yeah, I

[316:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that's great. Uh huh, I've done that before where I'll literally like, I'll say, I'll ask, I'll show them what I wrote. And they're like, that's great. That's awesome. So, yeah, that's

[319:20] Speaker 0: a great idea. Now, another thing that

[319:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do, too. Do is, let's say the client gets a different benefit later. The way to get around that without having to get another testimony from them again, let's say you like whatever you can you can actually put instead of it being in quotes, you can put it above it as like so and so got this result. And so that's where you're able to even build upon it as like a case study. And then you add what they said to it. Oh, another thing to do that, like I did that here on this landing page. I did that quite a bit with with these as I designed them right here. Here's what it is, and then here's what they actually said. And I structured these testimonies. These are all brand new, much cleaner than how I had them before, too. These are probably some of the best ones I have. So I, I curated my very best ones too, as well. And, yeah, and, and it's just, it's arranged well. The other thing too, they never, they never gave me five stars on something, but I just, I added that because I think

[337:02] Speaker 2: I was just thinking that it really, it goes back to the Yelp mindset. Yeah,

[338:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's more of just, it's a nice trigger there, but which is, which is great, but it's kind of fun. I got to, I got to back in 2022, though I had stopped working with with Rick, and then him and I started working together again back in June, and we helped him tremendously add another couple seven figures to what he's doing. So wow, mostly with ads and copy. Again, those are kind of the two. That's the that's the two areas that he wanted to help with. So ads and copy and offers. All right,

[347:42] Speaker 2: I had a question, if we could use IBAS FAQs again,

[350:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: if we could use them? Well,

[350:46] Speaker 2: I was going to ask you a question about how to reward one that. Oh, I gotcha, since I don't have something for you to see, go down, there's a bigger okay. What's the difference between this and the other programs and then the one just above it, yeah. How can I be sure I'm ready for this? I I like the last sentence, the the the first two. It just my brain just says characters on a page. So I thought, What would appeal to me? And it would be something like, either, congratulations, you're asking the right questions, there you go, or just puts the some bolds or a different color on your I just went through a four day immersive with my original coach that was kind of a replay refresh, but bolding or underlining certain words. So those are the words you want them to see, and then the second one down. The brain based, start with the second sentence. Most programs only focus on the symptoms. I help you get to the root and then use the brain based programs available today. Okay? Because there the question is implying they want to know what the difference is, right? So you tell them what other people, okay, yeah, and then tell them what you provide as a contrast. Good.

[378:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like what you said here on this one, Cindy that was great on that, just like reworded again, more in the affirmative, congratulations, always staying in the affirmative with people and affirming that they're doing a great job, and all of that again, yeah. Comes back to people by based on how we make them feel, how they feel, all of that,

[384:12] Speaker 2: I would jump the word trying to the brain's job is to keep you safe.

[386:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's good. We see difference between other programs. I have some language on my page. I want to pull up around this one. I want to show you, okay, now, see here, how does

[392:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: this compare to other programs? So I made a little like, again, like real positive, and then kind of comparing it to, like, what other programs have?

[396:38] Speaker 2: I like that?

[397:16] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's really good.

[397:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So if we go here, we could say, you could say most programs only focus on the symptoms. And then you could kind of like, I. Agitated a little bit and leave you. Leave you hanging, wishing they went further with you. But I help you get to the root of what's actually, what is actually holding you back so you can experience lasting transformation. We do so by using an effective, brain based method that's different than many other coaching programs. I wouldn't say most. I'd say many

[407:47] Speaker 0: other coaching Okay, yeah, so

[408:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of this would be like the last piece that you would say here, yeah. So again, it goes back to bring the logic part back benefit towards the front and and there's a bet, there's a benefit to kind of creating a comparison, if they're asking that is, you know, and again, yes, there's other great programs out there. But we really, if they're considering yours, we want to shine a light on that yours is better.

[415:24] Speaker 0: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So overall, do you think that, if I make those changes, that that page is ready to go?

[418:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think this page, yeah, it would be ready to go. Um, to get some clients in here. And then what are you using to kind of drive traffic to this page?

[421:12] Speaker 0: Um, so my email list I'll be using, and then just my own personal social media, because I haven't run ads or anything. This is just for, like, a beta group that I want to launch first, and so I want to keep it small, maybe 10 people at the most. If I can get 10 people, I'd be happy. I am curious, if you don't mind, do you mind giving me feedback on the pricing?

[426:37] Speaker 2: I was just wondering that myself.

[429:32] Speaker 0: So for a beta for 12 weeks, for 12 weeks,

[431:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: six month plan, then, okay, three the three payments. Okay, and for your beta, how big is your email list?

[435:55] Speaker 0: Um, I've got like 35 people on my email list. Okay, I desperately need help growing my email list,

[437:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's very, yeah, it's, it's very important to do so. And I, you know, I grabbed onto something recently that I'm like, super running with your email list. Growing your email list with people is is, as long as it's the right people, they might not buy now, but as long as you stay connected with them, and you're enriching that connection, you're fine,

[444:30] Speaker 0: very you're developing very consistent with the ones I have already with emailing very consistently,

[446:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, they'll be ready for an offer, which is great,

[447:01] Speaker 0: yeah. So, yeah, I

[447:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: think three month payment plan also, because that'll get you your cash a little bit faster. Um, whenever you do a three month payment plan, just count on the fact that there will be some people who only make the first payment, okay, and so that's why, like, if you do a six month, you know, okay, that's just how it is, yep. Um, but again, the more we foster that connection, the more likely they are to stay with you and things like that. And

[455:36] Speaker 0: my thought is to do like weekly calls with like the material in the portal that they can access.

[457:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what you might do too for the next like you says, 24 days here, yep, is just create some some, like video content that you can send to them where you kind of unpack, like one piece of how you work with somebody again, and then call to action that you mentioned the way that I'm doing call to actions now for our coaching And our offers is you mentioned it again. This goes back to people's attention spans. You mentioned it in the first like minute. You mention it 12 to 15 minutes in, if you're talking that long, and then you mentioned it at the very end. And so it's like these are the three triggers now with a lot of our video content that we're doing, and you'll notice, because I've noticed every YouTuber and every webinar and all that are now following this formula is, is they mention what they have to offer right out the get go, instead of waiting till the end, because it disarms people from worrying that they're going to get sold something. So it's actually more effective to mention what you have, for instance, right away on all of your content, that if it's like, a long form content, you mentioned it right away, and then they're like, oh, great, awesome. Now let's get into the content. And they're not like, Oh, I hope they don't pitch me something, you know. So you're almost like, you're like, you're able to ease them into it. Much better. It just feels a lot better that way. And then you do, like a soft like 32nd 62nd commercial, about 12 to 60 seconds, 12 to 15 minutes in. So, like, I just, I just did a YouTube video. I just recorded it before this one. And I did, I did exactly that. But what I'm actually mentioning is the commercial is for my new opt in offer. It's, again, it's a free offer I want them to sign up for, but I'm telling them to go sign up for this free offer in the YouTube video, and I mentioned it at the beginning, middle and end, and then in this one, it's a 38 minute video, and I sell the accelerator in this so they're going to be able to go from YouTube video to an email list to then an offer. And maybe they don't sign up, but they're going to get, you know, I have another offer that I'm going to be putting out there as well for an opt in. So, but you, since you're just doing the beta test, again, it's just treating a piece of content like that as a way to drive people. Since you got like, 24 days, you can kind of turn it into an unofficial you're not telling them, hey for the next 21 four days we're going to be doing this, you could announce that, hey for the next 24 days, I'm going to be rolling out content. Might not be every day, but I'll I'm going to be sending it to you. Stay tuned. And then we're going to unpack, and it could literally be a lot of the same stuff you unpack in your program, one element per day, or not every day again, but if you want to do everything, um, some people can do every day other, I would say at least once a week, minimum, sure, like three videos over the next, you know, three or four videos. And then you use that as a way, then to again, build trust and Drive content. One of the rules of thumb is this too, is that for every hour somebody spends watching video with you and connecting, they're willing to invest about $1,000 with you initially. So So again, if they if, over the course of that couple of weeks, you're able to get them to spend an hour or two with you on video. It just warms them up even more to the thing that there is. And now don't be surprised as well that the majority of your sales come in on the last three days. Yeah. All right, awesome. Cindy,

[517:13] Speaker 2: my question on on that follows a little bit, is I'm thinking of being able to get my nurturing emails and be ready to launch the sales portion right after I get back. So if, if I get my landing page up there, and they're opting into the mail list. They're getting the little freebie, then the sequence tour every two or three days while I'm gone, you know, because the first week I'll be able to access if somebody really emails me, yeah, I could always say in the third one, you know, I'm off on a short pre launch vacation and and then hit the sales cycle, yeah, um, running in October, rather than start it in October when I'm back.

[532:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, you could totally do that. Um, in those emails that you send again, you want to be calling them to take some kind of action. In those follow up emails, reminding them, too, of the freebie they downloaded. So that's one of the things. Is a lot of times, whenever you have an offer that people are signing up for on their email list, um, they gotta be reminded like, three to four times to even consume it. So that's that's a combination of that's exactly what we set up for this, this campaign right here. First email goes out, tells them about it. The next morning, tells them to go watch the video again. Then I tell them about the accelerator, and then again, the next day, they get told about the video again to go watch. So they're being told about the training that they signed up for three times, and then I implemented a tool called deadline funnel on this so they have a deadline to actually consume the content or it disappears. Ooh, so that's really cool. Um, deadline funnel is a great tool that we're we're testing, we're starting to use. But right here, like you'll have two days to watch this, and then as they go and watch the training right here, it lets them know access to this expires in two days, and if they go back to this page after two days, it's going to redirect them right here the previous offers expired join the waiting list. So now, now, here's the other piece though, that I did, if they come back a week later, it'll let them back in the. Front end so, but they won't be able to access it for up to a week after, but if they come back a week later, it will let them back in. So that's one of the things I debated. I was like, do I just block it off forever? Or I was like, Okay, if they come back a week later,

[565:14] Speaker 2: you have that page, you can show us what's up. So they just get if, if it's an email that's already in your system, but it's after a week, then you send them back to the original page. This one,

[569:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, no, if it's an email that's already in the system, it sends them here. It just, it just sends them right here, okay, yeah, they're going to have to, like, resign up again. It just, it's just going to say it's expired, because every email mentions the expiration date, right and there's a countdown timer in the email. So that's the really cool part about the tool, a deadline funnel, and, yeah, I'll break down how we how we're using it right now. Again, I'm still testing a lot of it, but I I have a good feeling about it, because it uses a lot of the same features that we did from live promotion. So it's, it's an authentic deadline. It's not fake, you know, it it removes access to the offer, but I don't have to necessarily show up live to deliver the content.

[583:57] Speaker 2: So yeah.

[585:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now another great way to do that is there's a there's a tool right here. One of them is called webinar kit. You could use a tool like webinar kit, and they're really cost effective for webinars to create automated webinars that have, like a limited time and stuff like that. I'm not even using the thing like webinar kit, though. Honestly, I'm just using my email list, software and Vimeo, because I think it's just as good of an experience for them to go through and just watch this video right here as it is if I did it through like some elaborate system. So I kept it really simple, because then I want to, I want to teach everybody how to do that. So the other thing too, though, is, I'll, I'll, um, I think, like in October and November, my plan is to have these evergreen ones that are running, and run ads to those, and then retarget people and emails to like, once a month do a live webinar, or a diff or a longer form thing like that, where I can take some Q and A once a month. I think that that'll work well, but just driving more people into the email list,

[606:31] Speaker 2: right? I like the way that you've reformatted the CGA. Website. Oh, the first time in a couple of months. Yeah, yeah. Morning to decide, frankly, whether or not I was going to drop it because I'm not implementing anything and I don't have a cash flow right now. Yeah, but it's, there's too much there.

[613:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a lot in there,

[614:22] Speaker 2: really valuable, good to quit. You know, I can't get any place else that kind of education, yeah,

[616:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, I just added total online six figure roadmap right here. And this is a brand new, updated roadmap for like, where to go step by step to build out your offer. So, yeah, yeah. And then you got the different the different courses and classes and all that, yeah. Well, other than that, too, you're not going to get a lot of people. They don't do calls like this as well, where we do copywriting, and we really go back and forth and really break a lot of this down. So, yeah, you know, we've had, we've had, when you I'm actually happy, because I have, like, the lowest in the industry amount of people too, that even, like, leave our program. So that's good. That's amazing. But it is the case like people, you know, even when you have a membership, people constantly, I think, I think our our rate is, it's like about 5% drop rate every month. So which is most memberships, like, what we have are like 30 to 40% Wow, because the content doesn't deliver what we do. So yeah,

[636:07] Speaker 2: luckily, my other coach that I pay attention to, he has a low drop rate too, so therefore I yeah, that the stuff that he's teaching is, yeah, you. Know, landing and sticking, and he, he doesn't charge people inside his community a ton. He gives them discounts versus the first time in which is nice, awesome. So, yeah,

[644:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm thinking of, I am. I do think is. And I talked about it for like two years, but I think I keep going back and forth, like renaming it though the wealthy coach Academy. So I think wealthy

[648:37] Speaker 2: coach with the the caveat, if you implement it

[650:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: as the I think just from a marketing perspective, I think that that might even resonate like when I'm selling it to people a little bit better. So, yeah, so that's why. But I recorded, I already have two webinars that are ready to go with a different name, so I want to let those run through first before I switch anything.

[655:32] Speaker 2: Yeah, make sure it works. Obviously.

[656:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So Well, thank you. I'm

[656:58] Speaker 2: going to go feed the neighbor's dog. I will see you later. Go what feed the neighbor's dog? She's out of town, and she pays me to feed her dog, so I'm like, Okay, if you want to feed me, I'll come over here.

[660:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's great. Well, next week, again, we have our offer Launchpad that we're going to be working on, like developing out offers and putting all that together. So that'll be going live in the group that'll be in the members area. It'll be live on Zoom. We'll send you all the links. Let's see anything else IVA that we want to go over here? Well,

[666:46] Speaker 0: I'm just curious, like, do you have anything already in the vault around building an email list? Because I know that I need to focus on that. So the

[669:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: majority of a lot of the training that I teach is on that is on, okay? So that is kind of the foundation of everything is, yeah, yeah, you have your offer. So we know that what you built and what we went through today, you won't have to change that up very much. But what we use, what we do change up a lot, is our lead magnet. So we use different Okay, and stuff to get people on our email list. So we might so one, one offer that delivers a simple promise that's the foundation of marketing really well, in a way that's like, not going to burn you out, because then you don't have to create a bunch of new courses or programs, and you kind of just get people into the same thing, whether it be like there's a new, different start date, you roll people over into it. That's why I like having a membership, because it can kind of be a container for all of that. But it's one offer that you get people into. Um, now the other thing too is having, like an upsell implemented as well into your offer where you're able to ascend people to a higher level, such as one on one coaching, or such as a higher level of group coaching with you too, so that that comes in there as as well as a piece that will add a lot to the cash flow, but to actually get people to your offer, You got your email list. That's what you mentioned your offer to those people. But to actually grow your email list, we have to create pieces of value that deliver some kind of a an outcome, a desire, a dream, desire that people have, and generally it's going to be something that that most other people charge for? Yeah, I will deliver for free, yeah, in exchange for the email address. Now here's the other thing too. It could be a piece of what is in your paid program.

[702:47] Speaker 0: Yeah, I've

[703:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: done that. Yeah, that's okay. That's a good thing to do to grow your email list. Give people a piece of it for free to grow the email list that builds trust, and then you get them into the program. Here's what I found, people are not because this is what I thought when I started mentoring and coaching. And it's funny, I'm like, I'm like, you know a lot about the way the neuro like, the brain works, right? What I'm about to tell you, I realized, is like a part of my brain that's almost coaching another part of me while I'm saying it to you. So it's like, it's something that, like, I know, but I've forgotten. So it's great, because I'm excited to even say this and share this. Maybe I should take this and clip it as a piece of content. Alright, let's go for it.

[715:20] Speaker 2: Yeah, is

[716:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: people, when they come into your coaching program, they look at your free offer, and let's say you gave a lot of the same value that you give in your paid program. They're not comparing, oh, you gave me that for free, and now you're charging. For it, they're not comparing that, because nine times out of 10 they're going to forget what you talked about in the free offer. They're going to forget what you gave them for free. And so even if there's a major piece of your program that you're giving away for free, using that as the lead magnet to get people on your list, you're not going to lose out. Now, what you will lose out is if you give people too much access to you for free.

[728:26] Speaker 0: Mm, different. Okay, yeah, information

[728:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: versus access. And these are two things that, again, I made a little bit of a mistake with and my own business. Looking back, I was doing three four times a month VIPs for like $7 to people. I literally got like 2000 people that bought those VIPs, right? That all of them should have been accelerator clients. And now I'm looking back, I'm like, Okay, I gave way too much of me for too cheap to people. Sure. Okay, and so now I'm flipping it to where I don't. I'm not going to give you access to me like that, but you can join my accelerator program, which, again, is very reasonably priced. And so that's where I want to lead everybody into as, like, the lowest level of working with me, instead of these, like, really cheap pieces of content. So I'll give away content for free. Like, my YouTube has a ton of great content trainings, like this great content. But then if you want to, like, dive further work with me, have me help you with your copy and all that you got to pay for it and and it was so funny because I I actually had a little I had a little bit of a trauma piece that happened to me about a year ago where I had a client. They hired me at a higher level, like a much higher level, a couple 1000 a month, and they got mad that I wasn't giving them more access to me. Mm, promised, and I had actually never experienced it at that level before, as to how angry this person got when I was literally pouring myself out to help them. Yeah, and I had to, like, realize, okay, it's not my job to please this person. I guarantee you, nobody pleases them. Weirdly enough, we had a mutual friend in common. The mutual friend was like, Oh, bless you. They're a hard one to work with. I was like, okay, that's funny. That's all they sound like. I want to gossip, but you know, yeah, for sure. All that to say it was like, if on the front end of my offer, I'm giving way too much of myself for cheap, that expectation continued. So I'm setting baseline expectation, yeah, idea now, when I'm giving content for for free, people want more connection with me, so I'm keeping a boundary. I wasn't managing and maintaining boundaries. Well, I wasn't paying me $7 or $17 so that's the boundary. But really I was giving value that they should have been paying $200 for. Yeah, and unfortunately, I mean, I had some people, they would show up every month for a year straight, and they even started to get really, like, nasty with me on those calls that I kept trying to tell them to join my accelerator program. Oh, there's, this is interesting. I literally just created this entire atmosphere of entitled people. Oh yeah, because that's

[786:30] Speaker 0: really good. I didn't

[786:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: maintain my boundary, and I have no reason to be upset with them either. So again, it was slightly traumatizing. Now, on the back end of healing of that, it's like, oh, you know what? I know I created and, and if I was the same position, of course, like, of course, they want to get maximum level from me, from for that, because that's what I offered them. So now, move the move the boundary, just a little bit. What I again, I told my wife. I told one of my mentors this as well. I told her, I said, I think I gave way too much of me for too cheap people, and I separate free. Video content from, like, live zoom calls. When somebody's on a zoom call, that's giving a piece of me to people, yeah, there's a piece of me that's given on live video, but I can make a video every morning, and it doesn't, you know, it's like, that's sure marketing. Mm, hmm. But giving that piece of me where people can really, like, connect deeper. Yeah, we gotta be careful that we're not giving too much of that for too little. Instead of asking people, Hey, you gotta join this paid program here.

[808:30] Speaker 0: Okay, that's really good to know. I'm glad you shared that. I needed to hear that for sure, one of the things that, like, I've been really good at in person, and like, you know, going to speaking events, talking about my coaching. So my one on one coaching is really thriving, but I do want to switch over to more of the group coaching. And so that's where, kind of, like, that shift. And, you know, promoting more on social media. My social media following is not really big, and so I want to grow that, and just, you know, grow my email list and all of that. So I want to focus on that. I want to do some more, like getting on people's podcasts and, you know, having that offer on the podcast as well. Those are some of the things I want to start doing more of. I've done some of that already, but, um, one of the things I thought about too is interesting, because I've been working on building this dream lab, you know, membership or group coaching for months now. I mean, it's been in my heart for probably a good year, but really actively working on it and developing it. I've been working on it for a couple of months, but just earlier this week, I had this like light bulb moment, like Holy Spirit, like, here it is, this membership that I want to create, like, a lower price point. And so I'm like, should I not do dream lab? Or I was like, No, I think I'm going to move forward with the dream lab. But after the beta is done, I think I'm going to focus on also, like, building a membership that's a lower entry point, like lower cost,

[831:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. I think, again, even for a membership, I wouldn't go below 47 a month, right? Even 97 a month long term, launch it at 47 Yeah, because, again, you're, you're qualifying people at a certain level. So below $47 a month, I would say somebody's disqualified out of a coaching membership, just in general. And here's how I would treat it, if you so, I have seen there's some people, and I'm curious by this model, they have memberships of like, seven bucks a month. Yeah, that treat that just as a piece of marketing, that's all you're using. Yes, more for marketing, absolutely yes, not the main thing. The main thing, you don't want to sell it for less than 47 or even, I would say $97 a month minimum. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so, and there's, you'll literally get a different type of caliber of person between 4797 and 197 a month. And that's, and that's what I found, is just a different caliber of person. I like. I've had the very best people. Even when I was, I was charging 166 a month before, when I bumped it up to 197 I started getting a an even better caliber person. And I'm even thinking of bumping it up to 297, a month. You know, really, really feeling like that's the price point that I want to settle in for the accelerator at. Yeah, is that 297 a

[856:32] Speaker 0: month? Um, it's amazing, too, how that pricing is so psychological.

[857:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: It really is. It is psychological, yeah. And again, everybody's grandfathered in at the current rate they're at. So that's, that's like, there's people that are in here. They're still paying 47 a month. When I first I had, like, a special launch, anybody? I made a short list of anybody who was a one on one client of mine, they all got the accelerator for 47 a month

[864:19] Speaker 0: nice,

[864:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and they're still in here. Yeah. That's

[865:28] Speaker 0: great, yeah. So, like, I

[865:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: have, I have people that are in this program that I know that they're never gonna, like, leave, and I think that's great. And then as you grow, it kind of like expands and does stuff like that. So

[868:55] Speaker 0: yeah, and you have so much in your, I mean, I haven't even hardly watched everything they have in your Yeah.

[871:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: It really is like Netflix, like that, yeah,

[871:59] Speaker 0: yeah. And I want to, I want to dive into it more as I especially, I think, when it comes to running ads, and that kind of sucks, I do want to eventually run ads, you know, not ready for that yet, but in the

[874:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Start Here section the total six figure roadmap, this really is all about creating that lead magnet offer. And how do you create the sales copy and the messaging for that? Okay, here, so that's really great, as well as landing page blueprint, that's again, about you did a good job with your landing page. Which is good. Again, a lot of the courses that we have are based around, like, growing the email list, running ads. Okay, it's funny though. I don't know if I actually have a course that's specifically just called, like, growing your email list. You and I teach that a lot. So again, it's like adding that to to the piece of the puzzle. I teach a lot of the different nuts and bolts, but that's, again, what we're that, what's what we're doing right now and then the in the next year is I'm consolidating a lot of the courses down like, that's what, that's what total online six figure roadmap is. It consolidates a lot of the courses. One course. I'm going to keep all the courses in. That's why I created learning library right here. They just all kind of will like a course, if I retire it, it'll end up in Learning Library, because we just have a lot in here, like Tiktok ads and website building, and there's just a ton of stuff in here, like how to use how to use Zoom, if somebody doesn't know how to use Zoom, you know, like a full course on using zoom. So I made a lot of that last year and the year before, and so now we're kind of bringing it back around full circle until let's streamline. Let's make Yes, yeah, that's why the wealthy coach Academy. I think just that name, yes, if I read it'll be the same program, but I will just brand it differently. Yeah, that'll be a good thing. So

[907:13] Speaker 0: I think streamlining it was a great idea, because what can happen is, even for me, and I know this about my brain, is like, I can see all the information my brain has overwhelmed and I'm like, where do I start?

[909:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's why we have the start here and the beginner section. So, yeah,

[910:59] Speaker 0: yeah. Well, it's good. I really appreciate all the work you put into it, for sure. Hey, thank

[912:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. And again, I really appreciate you saying that. I'll, I'll tell you, in one of my love languages is words of affirmation, so it makes me feel,

[915:15] Speaker 0: well, you know, I've been following your mom for a while, and that's how I landed on you. Yeah. So just really appreciate you guys so much, for sure.

[917:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we're gonna, we're gonna log off here. So thank you for your time. Yeah,

[918:46] Speaker 0: thank you, Jeremiah, this was great. I appreciate your feedback. Have a great day. Bye. Bye.

