VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-01-29T21:51:57.000Z
Duration: 62 min
Otter ID: 2ZdJS76V_3-yLHJnYH9ky6k-ZNY
---

[0:39] Speaker 0: All righty. Hello, hello hello

[5:07] Cindy Hudson: welcome, welcome into our V I P session. I'm gonna go live here for those that are watching this recording in our client growth accelerator, Facebook group, still only groups of assemblies or members of my accelerator program are going to be in here as part of this

[17:01] Speaker 0: awesome

[19:02] Cindy Hudson: we're gonna let our VIPs here for today. And this session jumped in. Hello, everybody.

[21:21] Speaker 1: Welcome into our VIP pass here for the five day intensive, I hope that you're here. I hope you're having a great time. We talked about a lot of really great stuff. But I really mean that I really mean what I said about you know, this being a safe space for you to ask questions for you to get the help that you need. You know, I think one of the reasons why most people struggle in business is they are waiting for somebody to tell them what to do. And they don't ask for what they want. And they're expecting somebody to let us know what they need, because it's an expert, and they so they should just know what I need. So I that's you again, no, no problem with that. The way to really and I want to encourage you to actually get selfish, I think some people define selfishness as this horrible thing to never be. And, and it's like, of course, like we don't want to be selfish, but you want to be selfish, when it comes to asking questions and getting the help that you need. That's actually the only way to reach our goals. I meet a lot of people that sometimes, you know, for whatever reason, they're they're just, they're, they're still, I'm just waiting for somebody to tell me and to recognize what I need to do. Before I recognize it. It could also be maybe you don't know how to ask the right questions, that also happens and that's totally fine. So what I like to do is even just a back and forth dialogue where we can talk about what you're working through, what you're going through, and what it's going to take for you to get to where you are get from where you are to where you want to be with your business. So if you want to start and grow a coaching business, you've been a part of our main session here today you're in this VIP session. This is where you can ask your questions raise your hand if you got a question to ask. I'll be able to pull you up we're gonna be able to work with you through in your business right where you're at meet you right where you're at to help you to solve any of the any of the issues that you have now. It looks like everybody everybody is a millionaire in here because nobody's got their hand raise so Oh, Bob's got her hand raised there we go. Awesome. You know, I was does more tongue in cheek it was more a joke.

[56:38] Speaker 2: What's up, Bev? How are you?

[57:29] Speaker 3: Yeah, I'm fine. Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate you taking this time. I know it's a lot to organize a challenge and yeah, I was interested in actually running a challenge myself and trying to do with others probably because I don't feel confident to do it myself. But yeah,

[62:01] Speaker 0: thank you. Yeah,

[62:46] Speaker 3: I'm also a Christian so that's another way I connected with you because I my my offers are for Christian women. So Oh,

[65:45] Speaker 0: awesome. Very cool. Very cool. How can I help you here today? I'm about I'm online Sorry. No worries. How can I help you here today?

[69:59] Speaker 3: Um, yeah, so I'm, I'm putting together my my website and I want to I've got a retreat for Christian women. And it's based on Christian art journaling. So combination of art journaling, and Bible journaling all rolled into one but I've got a retreat, which is a high ticket offer. Most people don't talk about retreats, but I'm thinking I'm doing a challenge that will then sell that retreat, which is in in Italy. So how is that? Is that a good way of doing it doing a challenge? And then going into retreat to how. So

[80:59] Speaker 1: I know that retreats are about 10 times harder to sell people to than they were four years ago. And so the effort that it takes to get people to show up to a in person retreat is it takes a lot more work, and the returns are way lower. And so again, if they're fun, they're amazing. They're not generally super profitable, as far as being able to pay for ad spend, and things like that, because I've worked with a lot of people that do these. And every time they're like, Yeah, you know, five years ago, we could like fill the room, and then we made a ton of money. Now, it's like, hardly anybody wants to actually come in person for something. Okay. So what I like is a different approach where we host something that's online, and you build trust with people. And then you have a retreat for people that you've already connected with. And you have them sign up for like a group coaching program or a course. And that's why again, what we're talking about here during these five days is around starting and growing a group coaching or an online course business as far as that goes, Okay, I have a membership, actually, you have a membership? That's awesome. Yeah. So as a membership, how much is your membership?

[100:46] Speaker 3: Well, I follow a different coach volleys, she talks about having a low ticket, a very low ticket, and then upselling into a kind of higher ticket. So like going from $7 $7 to $27. You know,

[105:29] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah. Yeah. In fact, that's a great approach to build trust with people. Um, so do you? Do you let me ask you this? Do you have at least like 500 people in there at $27?

[108:51] Speaker 3: Now, when you started literally, okay,

[109:59] Speaker 1: do you have an email list with a few 1000 people on it already?

[111:02] Speaker 3: I have, but they not all to do with Christian art journaling. Okay.

[112:18] Speaker 1: Yeah, I gotcha. So based off of that, again, really, and we're gonna be talking about this a lot. In the next couple of days, we've kind of laid the foundation of just sort of like the vision and seeing what's possible for you and things like that, and connecting with everybody. But the practical nitty gritty of this is we have to learn how to connect with the hearts of the people that you want to work with. And

[118:16] Speaker 2: people make decisions, whether it be to come to a retreat,

[119:39] Speaker 1: whether it be to buy a course, whether it be to sign up for a membership, even if it's $7, or $27, because they expect to get something out of it. And so that expectation and that attachment that people have to what they're going to get out of it, and I talk about attachment, because I think it's very important. When we're marketing, we end up amplifying the attachment. When I'm coaching people, I teach people how to actually detach, and how to not become so attached to the outcome and things like that. And I think that that's a very powerful thing to be able to kind of understand the balance of that, when we're selling. And when we're marketing, we want people to understand what their dreams and desires are and the struggles that they're already attached to. So they already have these attachments. You just want to amplify them in the language that you use in how you sell and market to them. So here's and again, I don't know you, I don't know what you're doing. So I might be saying stuff that you've already done, you've already fixed. Having a membership, having a course, having a retreat is not very valuable to most people by itself. Unless they can clearly and tangibly draw the comparison to this is going to change my life and make it better in a very specific way that they can describe in like less than two sentences. And so like, that's where what we do to sell them. And that's what we're going to be talking about is to actually start and grow an effective business in this space. Everybody here needs to be able to do this. You need to be able to communicate in just a few sentences, what that result is, and then you end up promising that to somebody when they sign up with you. So you say you become a member, this is going to happen for you. And then you find as many people as you can find that have the problem that's preventing them from it. So basically, you're diagnosing an issue that they have whatever that is, you're you're doing a diagnostic as to what their issue is, you know, when I go in and I take my car to get diagnostic from the mechanic. They might know what it is because they can hear the sound. But here's what's interesting sounds don't always tell us the truth. When you're fixing a car. It could sound like one thing but then when you actually do the diagnostic, it's something completely different. And so that's where we got to very clearly I actually work with people to show them and to diagnose what the issue is. And most of the time, they already know what it is. And that's the thing. So you're not really telling them anything they don't already know. And I think that that's one of the keys. To effectively do this, you're going to tell people stuff they already know. And they probably don't like it. And they're probably not happy with it, it's probably stuff that really bothers them. But you're going to attach it to the dream that they have. Which is, essentially means that either these things, it's not necessarily that those those things that they're attached to the negative things are removed, but they don't prevent them from reaching the dream, if that makes sense. Because again, if we understand I have a lot of coaches here, a lot of people teach very different modalities and things like that, we understand that, like, for instance, fear, if somebody has fear in their life, the fear may not ever go away. But somebody can learn to where the fear does not have control over them. Right? So we amplify the fact that hey, is this fear? Are you dealing with this fear, this worry, this anxiety over XYZ issue? And then have you been trying to and I like I use this in my marketing, I use it I didn't email are you victimized by Mark Zuckerberg? Did Mark Zuckerberg steal all your money in your Facebook ads, and now nothing's working, you can't get any clients. Because honestly, that's the story of a lot of the people that I meet. A lot of them have spent 1000s and 1000s and 1000s of dollars on Facebook ads with zero results. And the truth is that Facebook unethically actually does that on purpose, to prop up their shareholder amount, they intentionally steal from their clients. And I have no problem with because here's the thing, I can't get in trouble for libel saying that, because it's actually on record for an employee saying that that's part of their strategy. And if you've ever worked with them, it's very obvious and that they do this. Now, they might have an issue with Congress because of that. But I talk about that very real fact that sometimes, these technology platforms can literally be worse than an abusive ex boyfriend. For some people, like, you know, Click Funnels might literally make you feel less confident in yourself, then your uncle did that you had to, like, make happy so that he didn't beat your sister or whatever. I don't know, like sad situations, right. And again, some of y'all are like, Jeremiah doesn't sound very trauma informed by what he's sharing all what I'm actually talking about is some real, real ish that people deal with in their life that stops them from succeeding. And we have to really like start to talk about the stuff that sometimes people shy away from as coaches and mentors, sometimes beating around the bush being way too cautious and careful what everybody thinks about us, is stopping us from actually being successful, because you really want to identify this issue. So if I'm going to diagnose my car, is it making a noise in the engine bay? When you press the gas? Is it not going? are you smelling a really bad smell in the cabin? Oh, it probably means that your fuel injectors aren't working, they're probably clogged, and then we dive in there. And it's actually not that there's a crack in the intake manifold, right? It's not even the injector the injectors are fine, but the crack the intake manifold causes the same issue. So what you do is you create an offer where you do all of that, you literally diagnose the issue, you validate it, you qualify who it's for, and then you get those people in front of you with a solution. And then when you demonstrate that solution, here's the here's where a lot of people miss it. They're waiting until the person invests 1000s of dollars with them before they actually demonstrate the solution. Like, like the example that I just gave you, most people who teach what I teach would only teach that in their higher level coaching groups. Honestly, it's because a lot of people, there's some people that have a problem with what I just taught you, they don't like it, then don't feel comfortable with it. I'm okay with. If there are some people who lose trust to me or don't. It damages my reputation, because when I say here today with them, right? If their opinion of me is damaged, because I shared this whole process with them. That's not my concern at all. And I think that's one of the most important things, we want to attract the right clients, and repel the ones that are not meant to work with us in the first place. This drives our ads cost down, there's also make sure that you produce results with your clients. And it's the most ethical thing that you can do. Because if I'm trying to sell coaching and mentoring to somebody who I can't even get a result for. That's not ethical in my book. And so what I do is I try to really make sure that the people that even come into our space are qualified. And so that's a big part of and you can do that with one step. The sales copy that's written on the page or they sign up for I used to have some sales copy be like on some of some of my events like this. So like, if we take a look at here today, everybody signed up on a landing page with a lead magnet for me right here, this page right here, start and grow your course or group coaching to six figures, I used to actually have a line on this page that said, if you are a hypercritical perfectionist that needs everybody to be perfect around them, in order for you to listen to them, please do not register. Oh, by the way, I still kind of agree with that. I think as people come in this space, and they're super hyper critical, and they're here to tell me how wrong I am. I'm there, you know, I removed people like that, from our calls, I just I don't tolerate people like that around me at all. Um, but I used to put that on my landing page. And it would make sure that people who fit into that category didn't even register for the event. Last Saturday, I hosted an event, I got like, 10 emails from people that were super angry, as to what I taught, they were just not happy with it. Very disappointed. One person even went as far as to quote that she has a criminal justice degree and that what I teach is criminal. According to her, even though it's not actually she wishes it was. And so I'm just like, that's that person's opinion that they're projecting on to me to decide that I'm probably not a good fit for them to work with. And I'm glad because that I don't think I could actually get that lady, that life coach any results in her business anyways. Like, that's not gonna happen. Because I don't resonate with people like that my methodology is probably are not going to be in congruence with that. So you're not going to be for everybody. You want to find the people that are meant for you. Not everybody likes Apple computers. Not everybody likes Androids, not everybody likes ice cream. Some people like a lot of people like ice cream, but you have to be willing to go to the ones that deserve to work with you. And not everybody does, no matter how amazing they might be. And when we get that when we realize that when we actually understand that, by the way, what I just shared with you just now is the number one topic that coaches and mentors telling me that I am off base about completely,

[277:52] Speaker 1: that my idea of only working with people that deserve me, and that not everybody's qualified. There's a lot of coaches and mentors that are out there that that it actually goes so much against their values that they that they, they have a problem with it. And so but like, part of my process for repelling the wrong people is I am very open about the fact that that's what we got to do. We have to alienate, and segment out the people that are not meant to work with us. And I use those very strong words that could get me cancelled on social media on purpose. Let's see. Does that does that make sense Bev, for the marketing and for the for the offer, and really what it's going to take, because if you want to build a retreat, you've got to go all in on that direction. We can't really like dabble as much, you can still charge 720 $7. But you really got to learn to communicate powerfully with people like that.

[293:29] Speaker 3: Yeah, I think I have done retreats in the UK, to be that and so I've had like 15 people come, but this is gonna be a luxury retreat. So it's more expensive. Great. I just think the people that you know, you're right in saying that some people like us, some people don't, or some people like that

[298:55] Speaker 1: offer and you want and you want to find the ones who really love you. That's the thing. You want to find the ones that like they really resonate with what you're doing. Yeah, yeah.

[300:46] Speaker 3: So it's, it's also affordability, though, isn't it? You know, in a might be able to afford a 27 pound, I'm in the UK pound a membership, you might be able to afford an 800 pound retreat. But if you're talking about a two and a half 1000 pound retreat, then you know, it's a different type of person, isn't it? It is

[307:36] Speaker 1: but that's where we gotta let go of the fact that we're not meant to be the savior of everybody. And there's got to be people that we got to just like, let go even if they can't afford it, and that's okay with the fact that like, we've disqualified them economically out of working with us. It's another topic I've actually especially if people in the UK. I bet some people in the UK have a problem with that. I think it could be maybe culturally again, I'm in the United States. Yeah. I think that you that to have a profitable business. You got to charge profit producing prices. And that means some people can't afford it. Yeah, okay. And again, some coaches believe that that's unethical. I don't I think it's unethical to do it the other way Hey, Jason, what's going on? Jason? How are you?

[321:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: See Jason Mitchell? On? Eric's? Yes.

[322:41] Speaker 4: Yeah. Great. I wanted to say, one, I'm really, because I've always I've always been much more on the luxury improvement premium side of the market. Yeah. And so the idea of the lower price offers never really appealed to me. But what you said earlier about how it still serves a segment of the market, and leaves you open to the ones that you know, the, you can still reach the higher ones. And I know that there's a way Yeah,

[330:22] Speaker 1: well, and you might be able to build trust. So that's the thing you can use the lower cost I did, I did, I don't know if I mentioned this today, you want to find people that are resourceful, not rich people. Because some people can find the money when the pain is big enough to find it. Now, there's a very cautious line to this. And I will say this, this is where my own integrity and ethics do, I think that there is a line where you got to be careful of selling and amplifying the pain to people that don't need what you offer and creating artificial need for your your and I know some people do that or they like they're selling stuff to people that don't need it by making them think they need it by basically gaslighting them into thinking. And I'm not a big fan of that, I think that there are some like sales trainings out there that even teach to do that you're not going to get any of that. For me, that's what I consider kind of slimy, sleazy and manipulative. So I, like just hear me out what I talk about, there's a real fine line, I'm always on that tightrope of like, what I consider my morals and ethics as far as what I'm willing to do. And if it brings harm to somebody more than then then good, I'm not going to do it at all. And I find that that can be the case, you can sell coaching to somebody who doesn't need it. It's the last time but you sold them so well. But now they're in a bind. And I'm not a big fan of those types of things, I would rather find people that I know are a good fit, they're going to use it, they're going to apply it and so like qualifying people is going to be a big, big part of that. That makes sense. Yeah,

[358:25] Speaker 4: that makes perfect sense. Because another thing that I do, one of the things that I do as an investor is that I'm acquiring small and medium sized companies. And so actually thinking about, yeah, I was actually thinking about running a challenge to kind of, you know, kind of weed out those who are much more than that. Ready to sell now, and ready did like, you know, in that kind of realm. And so, yeah, just fine, like what you said, I'm interesting. So I'm trying to see how I can apply it into my, qualify them

[367:51] Speaker 1: in ebook about like, how to sell your company. And then you could i because here's the thing, I think people who are selling their companies, they probably have less time than anybody else. So I would be hesitant on the challenge thing up front, I would lead with really like low like so if you find your market has very little time. Ebooks. And then like individual events, like an hour long training of some kind, to qualify them. And then at the end of like that hour long training or something, you can either bump them up to a challenge bumped them up to maybe like a longer live event, or you could straight up bump them to a sales call even and they're qualifying themselves simply by being on there at like the lower investment time investment level, right. And what you do there is you make it real clear to them who it's for who it's not for. And that's what that's actually that's actually the model that I've done here. It's a little bit of extra work, but it works in highly competitive markets. And like I would say for life coaches, you probably don't need to go that complexity things in the b2b space, I think that complexity might be needed. So that's why like I do individual webinars, where it's like, I'll spend 90 minutes showing you how to run Facebook ads, I'll spend 90 minutes showing you how to start something, but then I'm inviting people to this five day thing, because that's where I'm really going to break down the step by step of putting that offer together because every coach mentor membership site needs to have some kind of an offer to grow their email list. And so, growing your email list and then learning how to take those people from total stranger email, they might They might even given you a spam email address right? And taking them to where they become your biggest fan and they buy everything you have. That's a process that you can take people through and it's duplicatable and it's been it's some it's consistent and That process is kind of, that's what you want to do is you want to move people along the stages of getting to know you, understanding what you do. And it really all boils down to one one word, you know what that word is?

[405:04] Speaker 0: I'm gonna see if you can guess.

[405:57] Speaker 4: One word I will say, I want to say consistency. But I think it is consistency.

[407:37] Speaker 1: Consistency, I would say is important when it comes to your actions or building your business. Of course, yes, Jamie said it in the trust. Trust, trust is the only reason anybody will have you acquire their company, as the only reason anybody will go to a retreat with you, Bev is the only reason that anybody will join me for all five days, here it is trust, that they're going to get what was promised during this time, and that they're gonna get what they want. Now, here's the thing, not everybody is honest, I got a lot of people, they register for an event like this, they didn't actually really want what I was selling. They just wanted to see what I was about. So that's why about 30% of the people who register for a five day event like this won't even go through more than today's first session. Because they watched it, they already decided this isn't for me. And so like, there's sort of like an acceptable margin for people not even watching the rest of the content that we've kind of we include into a lot of that as far as that goes. And then I'm really leaning into the ones who are on the VIP here. Like, we've got 23 people on here that are amazing, incredible people. I think all y'all, there's Michelle, what's up, Michelle? Michelle is in my coaching group, too, which is awesome. We got amazing people that are on this call right now, who are impacting people's lives, and they have the potential. If you're new here, and you're not making the kind of money want to make the potential to really have consistent profits in your business. So All right. Thanks, appreciate it. Yeah, Bev says, Do you think you should run cold ads to a webinar and then do a three day challenge. So that's what I like to do is I run the ads straight to the webinar, and then I retarget those to a challenge. Again, I call it an intensive, because a lot of what I do in these five days is a lot more than the traditional challenge model. I use a little bit of the structure, but I've sort of created my own spin on the challenge model, to where we're really bringing the highest quality training to people.

[442:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I bring in like my initial course and stuff, even that content here as part of this. So all right, Edna, what's up Edna? How are you?

[447:38] Speaker 1: Edna, raise your hand.

[448:13] Edna Iyare: Yeah, hello, good afternoon. Do you hear me?

[449:00] Speaker 1: Yes. How are you? Yeah, I'm

[449:39] Edna Iyare: good. But I'm just the bother that I'm worried. I know. He's not your fault. He's me. I just get so busy and busy. And most time I'm walking is I mean, the mean, time is always clashing with my work. And I don't get to you know, I'm not involved most of time. So I'm beginning to think maybe he's not the best time for me to register? Or should I just stop and say why? And I don't know, because I'm paying. I'm not getting what I'm, I don't have the time to chat most meetings.

[458:53] Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah. Right to our Client Care team at Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. It sounds like it sounds like Edna like you.

[463:03] Speaker 1: Was there something that I could that I could that I can help you with or do better?

[464:31] Edna Iyare: Yeah, okay. Maybe when I want to talk to you on one on one, because I know that you have I can't afford the other one a one on one. I know, I can't afford them. But the meeting days, I'm not available. I'm at work. So I don't know. Okay.

[469:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I mean, you get access to the recordings as well to go through so you can go through those recordings. Or you do you know that you're able to log in online and be able to access those and that you can go watch through those.

[473:24] Edna Iyare: Yeah, I tried doing that. But I'm not saying you know, I'm not fully satisfied with what I'm getting. I wish I was there to, you know, to get asked questions as is going on. You know,

[477:01] Speaker 1: okay, I got you. Well, you're here right now. So if there's anything I can help you

[478:09] Speaker 2: with, let me know. Okay.

[478:39] Edna Iyare: All right. Thank you.

[479:06] Speaker 2: Thank you. Awesome.

[479:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, Um, okay, well, anybody else have any other questions either raise your hand about your your business starting and growing a coaching business again, we're gonna be diving into the the sales copy a lot of what we talked about here today we're going to be diving into how you actually do what we talked about, like I talked about a few concepts, right? We're going to be talking about what you actually do really enjoy listening to you are in the UK currently setting up a care advice company, looking at several levels. What's the difference between UK and US?

[489:40] Speaker 1: As it pertains to what aspects helped me understand that a little bit. Are you able to come up on the microphone here real quick? Angelyn Roy?

[491:50] Speaker 6: Yeah, can you hear us all right. Yeah, I

[492:29] Speaker 1: hear you. How are you? Yeah, good. Not

[492:56] Speaker 6: not nice to meet you. Sorry. I've been joining him recently. We've been watching you. I've been out on stage and pantomime. And now we can actually see you live at long loss. So we're nice to see ya. We're looking at. I'm a trainer, coach. In health and social care. We're setting up a company designed for people at home care. So people who care for the first time looking after relatives, etc. But we're looking at the lower end as well as the medium as well as the high end. So those ones that are looking to pay some serious money for some care advice. Just want you to really see what is the difference between the UK in the US? That makes sense.

[505:02] Speaker 1: Well, I know the United States filed the Declaration of Independence and I'm yeah. I'm messing with you. Like when it comes to clients?

[509:08] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah. mentality the way they do?

[509:56] Speaker 1: Obviously, I find that this could be more like my my judgement of it, I find it

[514:29] Speaker 1: I've definitely had some people who are really adamantly upset by making sure that the price is aligned for them from the UK and more than us. Yeah, I like actually, like, get really angry. If they feel like the price isn't justified. And like verbally start just like dis qualifying every thing we do in business. And it's just like that saying them for you that? Yeah, exactly. That's I'm saying it's I've learned to develop thick skin to that. I was like, you know, is Yeah, exactly. Um, another way, so yeah. So culturally, across different countries, you've got you'll, you'll be aware, because I've worked with people all over the world. And I've had people with success all over the world. But I've also had certain like conflicts with certain other country, one of them like Canadians, a lot of Canadians tell me, I'm way too rude for them to listen to. Yeah. And then I'm just like, like, they're mortified by how I talk about people. And like, putting people in categories, the idea of like, categorizing them, and segmenting out for business is like, they actually violates they said some laws in Canada to be able to even do that. I actually did some research into that. It's not that we're not providing opportunity to people. Because it's not that I've taken away opportunity from anybody. I help people make the decision if it's a good fit or not for them. And I help them make that decision quickly. And so like, I will say, intentionally, it's hard work. So that if somebody doesn't like hard work, they won't buy it, that doesn't mean that I'm not providing an opportunity to them. Right. And so that's, that's where it does get borderline like, what's the term called where it's unethical and you're like, you know, well, we don't work with people that wear glasses like that's discriminatory, that's what it is. You just don't want to be a Tory at all. That's what we're doing. We're not being discriminatory at all. Um, but I will say there are certain types of people that I've worked with in business that just like, I don't know how to get them results. And so I know my limitations, and I know if they join my coaching group, they're gonna be disappointed. And they're gonna say, Hey, I signed up expecting one thing and I didn't get that from you. And so instead, I would rather help them realize, hey, you're probably not going to like working with me anyways. And I want to save you the headache of doing so. And what's cool is that actually helps improve your cost of doing business and helps you actually get better, more qualified clients. And it produces much better results, because the ones who actually then do kind of make it through the different stages with you, right, like if they sign up for a free ebook, and then a webinar, and then they go through, say, like a five day event like this, is there qualifying themselves by showing up at those different stages. As far as that goes? I'm gonna say something. Here's one of the biggest myths when it comes to coaching and mentoring. And I'll address and I'll say this, you didn't ask about it, but it popped in my head. And I think I need to address it for everybody. The myth is that I'm going to create something that's so amazingly valuable to people that people are just going to come from far and wide and buy it and become a client. And they're going to come find me for that. And that doesn't work, we have to be a lot more intentional to create mechanisms that, that seek out, potential clients become intentional to seek out those relationships. One example of this is, I have a lot of people that are like, Well, I'm gonna create an ebook, and then it's gonna build interest in people, and they're gonna eventually come to my website and buy my coaching. And 99% of those people never get any clients. Because they're not intentionally then following up with those people who sign up for the ebook. Okay, so follow up, there's a few there's, there's, there's low touch ways to follow up. And then there's high touch ways, there's more aggressive ways to follow up, I'm not a big fan of those myself. I think there's a lot of people that teach like, really, like, for instance, here's the aggressive way to follow up. Let's say I'm hosting this event right here. We have about 75 people in the Facebook group, we have over 150, who registered, we got 25 that are on here. The aggressive way that I would follow up is I would take a look at every person on this list. And I would start direct messaging you and trying to get you on a call with me every single day for the next month. I don't like that myself when people do that to me. So I refuse to do that to other people. So well, here's one thing you're never going to get from me, I'm not going to DM you and tell you like hey, how's it go. And now what I am looking to do, though, is this, I want to create mechanisms to learn how I can serve people better. So I use the email list for that. And I use retargeting ads, where I'm continuing to show up in front of people with additional, let's say, webinars, trainings, pieces of content, I'm emailing them with a piece of content that they really, like that's relevant to them. And now here's the here's the kicker to that. How in the world can I assume that if I made a YouTube video, that it's relevant to somebody that signed up for one of these events? It's based on data. When you work with enough people, you start to figure out the patterns of what people's needs and desires are not everybody has the same ones. But you you you correlate that data, to the questions that are asked like these questions during a five day intensive like this helps me get a real clear picture, like where people are out on their business development journey, what their goals are, what they're trying to do, in fact, like, a lot of your selling, you're pretty far along in a lot of your coaching. As far as this goes, some of these questions that we've been been getting some of the people who maybe are holding back, maybe they're like, Well, I'm not as far along. So I'm not going to ask any questions. Realize this, I would encourage everybody to lean in, ask questions. What I what I still to this day I do is I create a space for people, whether their total beginner, never built a coaching or mentorship business before we can show you how to become a great coach. We're actually developing a training as part of my coaching program, where we're designing and developing and what I want it to evolve into. It's not it's not this yet, but I see it as a vision for myself. In the next two years, like I want to have a program we're actually certified people as coaches. And they're and it's and it's a certification just like for me and stuff like that. And it's not, you know, I'm not even sure what that looks like. So it's just a dream at this point. But I think that that dream will be important because how I coach people is unique, but it's also very, very, I think it's very healthy, and it helps people a lot. So all that to say, when you work with enough people, you know what people's struggles are their problems, their frustrations when you haven't worked with people because that's what everybody's wondering, how do you know those things? Well, that's where we can use tools. There's different artificial intelligence tools that we can use to brainstorm and correlate what a lot of that is. And there is a little bit of some guesswork involved with that, but it's a lot more accurate than if you weren't using the AI There's a series of questions that you can ask the AI that will have it start to identify a lot of deep, like what people are dealing with what they're going through, and then you, you make those into your marketing materials. So the AI helps you develop the marketing materials, which then helps you find the client. And then you get the people in front of you now, okay, now it gets real once you got people in front of you, right? That's where like, it gets real, and you got to a deliver results to those people. And you're gonna have to learn how to sell you're gonna have to learn how to sell to them, sales itself is not a dirty word. You know, sales is a good thing, when you operate with integrity. When my goal was sales is to produce a result for the best person that I can work with, so that their life is made better after they work with me. That that's a form of service. And I'm serving people by doing that. And so that's that's what I encourage people to do not a slimy, manipulative. You no backdoor way of doing honestly, like the used car used car salesman approach, like I don't, I'll tell you this in coaching, it doesn't really work that well, at all, it's not even that effective. And so it's like, you have to learn how to sell without actually like explicitly selling to where all you're really doing is you're just figuring out, okay, what are issues that people have that they're struggling with? And how can I solve problems for them. And if I can solve a few of these problems, it'll build trust, and trust is the currency. And then that loops back into you sort of build this Trust Bank with people. So like, I'm banking trust dollars with people each time that I meet with them. Now, it might take somebody two months, before they have enough trust dollars with me,

[674:01] Speaker 1: before they want to join my group coaching program, they might even now here's the thing, they might never join my group coaching program either. And I'm okay with that. But I'm focusing on the ones who do and we had an incredible call today with my group, where I got to work with them and work with them through some really deep stuff that not a lot of people talk about. Um, you know, we talked about how we attract people that are more like, how we are in business. You know, really, I truly believe that I didn't, I did not believe that for 21 years in business until this here. Weird for some reason, it escaped me that we attract more of what we're like. I was like, I ignored that one, like little piece right there, right. But then I realized like, wow, okay, if I'm getting like really negative people on my calls, what do I need to look at internally, myself, you know, how am I showing up in that way? And I found that it's, it's about holding space, where people feel heard seen, they feel safe. And you're able to actually deliver on what you promise not very many coaches and mentors do that. Not very many actually do what they say they're going to do. And so if you can, it sets you apart, and you already have an unfair advantage against anybody who's trying to coach in your industry. So Cindy says if I understand correctly, oh, yeah, um Akiko says, she doesn't think I'm rude. That's awesome. Yeah, not everybody does. I also know some great, wonderful Canadians that are good friends of mine. So, but I'll tell you, I'm like, anytime somebody like, You're so rude. I always look up. I'm like, what country they're from. And it's like, 95% of time. It's Canada. So I'm like, Okay, it's worth just a tongue in cheek thing. And they laugh about it too, right? Because everybody says, Why are Canadians they're so nice to everybody. So there you go. Bev, yes, I'm going to show you about retargeting ads here during this five day here. If I understand correctly, we should consider our course or coaching program as an answer to their pain points. So Cindy, it's not even just an answer to their pain points. Are you able to are you able to unmute and talk about this a little bit? If not, I totally understand no problem. Sure. Okay, awesome. So it's not even necessarily an answer to their pain points.

[714:58] Speaker 2: It's

[715:42] Speaker 1: an answer to because a pain point is always going to be attached to I've always thought about this love and hate. The only reason the hate exists is actually because we're trying to protect what we love. A pain point is attached to a dream. And it's that and I see it right behind you dream big right behind you. So actually, what we're doing is we are speaking to the dream of the person that they have, and what has prevented them and blocked them from getting to the dream. So what we do is what we're actually selling in our course, or coaching program, is the solution to make it to where what's been blocking them from the dream is not as effective at blocking them from getting to the dream. Gotcha. Does that make sense? So like, and that can, I mean, gosh, and I say it that way, because it's like, Oh, are we selling like a guaranteed result to people, I don't think you can guarantee results with all your clients, like that's that and I meet a lot of beginner coaches, they're like, I'm not going to launch my business until I know, I can guarantee all my clients reach a result. And I'm like, it's actually not because you can't control people, I am not here to control. If Michelle actually creates a landing page, and then grows her email list. Now I'm going to encourage her strongly to do so. Right? And I'm gonna say, Listen, that's the number one thing that you need to make sure of grow your email list, learn how to write sales, copy and learn how to sell the people really well. But again, if Michelle says, Yeah, but you know, I just don't have time to do that. That's a choice that Michelle has to decide that she's not going to. Again, I I don't want to judge why people say they don't have time. I have a one year old. So I have grown in the ability to tell people that I'm unavailable or to ignore them and not feel guilty. I'll tell you this, I used to be I feel really guilty if people would send me a text message. And I wouldn't answer. But now like my phone, half the time isn't even with me. And so I check it maybe like twice a day. And I'm probably not going to reply to you right away when you text me or email me or really anything as far as that goes. I've had to actually, like teach people that even like that our clients like, you know, and it hasn't disappointed some people. Ah, yes, I had a client that was paying me $10,000 to grow their business, my wife had our son. And a month later, he was like, I just don't feel like you're committed to our goals. And you're like, Well, I mean, yeah, I'm committed to my son, I'm still committed to your goals to get I just, I need you on call constantly, I'm just not gonna happen. You know, I just that's and designing our life around that. And that's, and that's the thing is, that's why boundaries are so important and learning to do that. So what we're doing is we're taking a look at what's stopping people from really having the life they want. And then our course and coaching program, and that's why it's about creating that transformation. And some people might have a 10 step process to reach their goal. And your course or coaching program might just be what gets them to step three, you know, because that's what you're really good at is getting them to step three. You know, and I think that that's also a great thing. Like, for instance, I encourage all of our clients. Number one, be cautious listen to conflicting advice from multiple mentors at the same time. But however, not every mentor is meant to be your mentor forever, as far as that goes. And so that's, that's the thing to do, and really having an open hand with our clients. Like being willing to have people say, hey, like, I thought I was serious about this, when I started, I can't find the time to do this. I don't think it's going to work, letting people even feel safe to say that and not showing up with judgment in that. Now, of course, I think some people might need to be reminded, sometimes it just depends on the situation, like what they actually signed up for in the first place. Um, but this goes back to I'm really cautious with anything that is like trying to manipulate people out of their their decision making.

[786:45] Speaker 7: Well, my course is very specific, because I'm a bookkeeper. And it's teaching small business owners and new entrepreneurs how to do their business bookkeeping, in a short amount of time, each week. So it does answer a particular pain point. But I think people what I've experienced so far, they're, they're just afraid of it. They're afraid they're gonna do it wrong. And so just getting past that and getting to actually take the step to learn. That's been my struggle. They

[795:12] Speaker 1: might be where I'm at too. I'll tell you a little bit about my pain with bookkeeping. So I work with a bookkeeper. And it's the hardest thing for me to even send in the information they asked me to do. And I explored that with my therapist. Is that that I am more of an artistic personality. I'm more into art and creativity and writing and all of that. And so when it comes to the logic and black and white nature of bookkeeping, it feels very uncomfortable to me. But I know that it's necessary and important. And I like, you know, like, we just had a tax meeting last week, and it was amazing. I was so happy with what they told me. I was like, This is amazing. Yeah, um, you know, people

[808:04] Speaker 7: like you keep people like me in business. My clients are primarily in the entertainment industry, and we identify with what you're saying,

[810:19] Speaker 1: then even more, so I worked with a client who was a musician. And he was the same way with bookkeeping, just like it was like the most grueling thing like he would probably rather pick up cow poop with his bare hands, than even send in the reports to his bookkeeper. And I actually sometimes feel that way myself sometimes. But I've had to learn how to even discipline that. So what I've had to learn is I've actually learned ways to regulate my internal emotions around that. So what I'll do is I'll spend some time like meditating before I have to send in documents to my bookkeeper. And it gets me into a more of like, a state of peace and ease, and I start to think about the intention and, and all of that. And that's helped me a lot, whereas a year ago, it was it was grueling. Now, am I where I want to be with my bookkeeper? Like, we set some goals a year ago, and I think we hit like half of them. But it was great, because he was able to help me buy a house in Austin, Texas. So he was able to give me the books that they needed to get me the loan to buy the house. You know, I couldn't do that without a bookkeeper. My

[829:27] Speaker 7: goal is to empower the small business owner to actually know where they stand in their bid. Yeah, totally. New business owners have no idea. That's

[832:00] Speaker 1: true. Yeah, definitely. So I think that that's great. I think understanding that sort of like, and that's an example you could use, you know, would you would you rather pick off cow poop off your guitar? Then do bookkeeping? I bet some of y'all can relate to that. And even that might sound like, it still might be worse than that, you know. And that's what you that's how you like cleverly tongue in cheek amplify some of the pain points. So you identify what they already know, inside of them. Right? You're not creating additional pain, but you're showing them hey, listen, I get it. Because the people I work with deal with that same issue. You know, the people that my best clients are where you are? Yeah, I'll tell you this. I was saying this the other day, my best clients that I have in my accelerator program, are super overwhelmed by technology. In my coaching group, my best clients who actually make the most amount of money are not tech savvy. Which is what I find so fascinating that a lot of people come in, and they think it's actually learning all the tech. And I'd say let's keep it real simple. Let's keep it very simple. Let's do the basics. And that's what we're going to be going over during these five days. That's why I'm able to cover so much in these five days, because I'm going to give you all the simple what I think to start with. And I'll kind of end this session here with this because I know we're at the top of our, our hour here is I you know, I did a podcast episode this past couple of weeks. And for those y'all that maybe don't know about my podcast, so it's a it's kind of an underground, highly valuable resource to a lot of people. Where I teach one specific concept, usually in about 20 minutes. And so what I do is I'll sit down, and then once a week, I'm just gonna talk for 15 to 20 minutes on one specific area that coaches or mentors deal with, and it's content that isn't anywhere else. And so each one is like its own mini course. So I've designed them to be like a 20 minute module that could stand alone in its own course, every episode of my podcast is like that over 253 episodes. So I did this episode right here. Why do simple, ugly landing pages sell more? debunking the myth about complex technologies, the psychological impact? And I actually had somebody respond back and they said, Well, here's the thing, Jeremiah, women like really pretty things. So why would I want a ugly landing page? And I'm like, totally, like, I understand that. Like, you may value beauty and amazing, like gorgeous, pretty things. And in fact, there's an amazing woman who teaches this. I'm sure a lot of y'all know who the name Amy Porter. field is. And she calls herself she says that she loves things that are very pretty, very beautiful. Like that's how she identifies herself as that type of type of woman right here. She wrote a book recently that was so so the quote in the book, I've told people now, at least three to four times a month. So she wrote this book two weeks notice. And again, this is a beautiful landing page right here. Right? Gorgeous, looks incredible. Mel Robbins is another one. Marie Forleo. Like, again, even her audience is all is that Jenna Kutcher, beautiful landing pages and websites. There's a chapter in Amy's book where she talks about creating your first offer. And she says this, I'm gonna paraphrase what it says in the book, you can go grab it and read it. Some of y'all who read it know what I'm talking about. She says In the beginning, do not make making your website look pretty a priority. As he says, I'll be the first one to say I love pretty things, and they're amazing. Make some money in your business first, have that start to be profitable, and then focus in on making it look better. And so like, even if somebody who is like she's kind of like the queen of like, super beautiful websites and landing pages, says that. And the reason why is this, it's because it will get you moving from step one to two to three to four to five. Instead of where I see people, they procrastinate trying to make everything look really pretty. And now they're stuck for five years, because it doesn't look good enough to them. And that actually becomes a big roadblock and a lot of people from their marketing. Well, it doesn't look good enough. So it's not good enough to represent me out there in the public. And and what is the root cause of that? What is the root cause of that, that type of thing? Well, I'm gonna go to one of my favorite tools, chat GPT. And we're gonna say this, if you launched a landing page that marketed a coaching or a membership site, and it wasn't super pretty, it was simple. It was functional. But it used it used a basic

[916:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: as static, but you're someone who values beauty.

[918:22] Speaker 1: What are the risks of doing this? Okay, I'm going to show you like an example when I say like a simple landing page. This is one right here, like my mom's landing page right here for her stocks book is it's a very simple black text against a white background with blue buttons, a photo that we generated in Canva for free. And it's like it's not super complicated. And yet this landing page makes millions of dollars in sales. Okay, so Chad GBT says this is it, a mismatch in personal values. First impression impact perceived value, reduced trust or credibility, user experience limitations, marketing and word of mouth long term brand evolution, starting with a basic design might set a precedent for the future as it grows, it might be challenging to evolve the brand image. So all of these, I can guarantee you these are probably thoughts inside of your head, if you're like, oh, it needs to be super beautiful to have value and I don't want it to be misaligned with my values or set a wrong first impression or reduce trust. And we talk about trust and professionalism. I'll tell you this in the coaching and mentoring space. That maybe adds a little bit to the backend of your success. What matters more is getting your your the sales copy, and the words that you use, and your ability to have really encouraging and exciting energy on camera is going to be more important than making like a website aesthetic look really good as far as that goes. And so like I do encourage I like high quality photography. Um, there's a company that I worked with, that we that we that we work with, they're called off femme force them for shoots. And, and they, they take professional photos for marketing and social media. And that's actually how I get all my photos for my marketing done. And then I'm able to just put those on our pages just like we do right here. Again, this is a Canva template. There's a photo that I took over at the Marriott in Austin. Um, but then this design is a design and a template. That's from this Canva graphics design website right here. So we don't have to hire a graphics team. We don't have to spend a bunch of money we don't have to spend a bunch of time to do this. And then this text This is a simple again, black text against a white page landing page. This landing page style converts to sales consistently better than anything else. What's that I'm

[960:03] Cindy Hudson: experienced for most people. All right.

[961:18] Speaker 1: Um, yeah, the

[962:05] Cindy Hudson: site is femme force shoots.com They do photo shoots. As far as that goes. Um

[964:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kiko says, I put it in the chat right there. I'm not tech savvy at all, I get overwhelmed. The simpler, the better. Yes, we'll be breaking down the simple stuff for you during these next four days. And I'm excited to kind of really break this down even further here. Anyways, that's the top of our hour here for today's VIP. We've already covered probably quite a few questions and things that maybe you've been wondering or had had questions or curiosity about.

[972:33] Speaker 1: If you go to the Facebook group, you can comment, if any questions kind of pop up, you can leave comments throughout the week in there, the recordings, the recordings of all these sessions, they go into the members area that you can log into. And so you can find that by either going to members that Jeremiah krakowski.com Or you can go here to my site, and you can click on right at the menu here it says login. And that's where you can log in and actually access those recordings. And it'll have the recordings of the VIP sessions as well as the main session in there. Give us till this evening to add all those in there. It takes a little bit a little while to get those in there. But yeah, I'll see you all tomorrow. Have a good one.

