VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-01-31T22:37:50.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: 7VFYKKkJ8agiiPnQsULSseV0fIY
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: To do this, we're going to go live in our group we'll see who hops in

[6:39] Speaker 0: revenue invite. Really live q&a Going on this. Zoom here. Now I put that into our accelerator group.

[10:30] Speaker 0: Can any anybody watching the recording that's what we're doing? We're going live in our accelerator group. Then we're gonna let everybody in here. Right now. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Welcome back. Welcome in over two, day three VIP q&a. I hope you are doing well. Absolutely incredible. What I want to do now is I want to take what we talked about here today. And I want to see kind of where you guys are at with the information. Is this serving you? Are you disappointed at all? If so we can pivot we can adjust. By the time I get to like day three, what I tried to do as I tried to get some feedback from the people that we have that have been attending to see, okay, is what we're teaching relevant? Is it what you want to learn? Where are you stuck, specifically, as far as that goes? Now, here's one thing that I will tell you. Me taking three hours and breaking down how to create a landing page and run your first Facebook ad is not actually going to help you. Because you can go find that on YouTube from like 1000 other people that are out there for free. And so understand that I might break some of that down a little bit tomorrow. And I can show you that here today. If there's like a specific aspect of that, that you want to learn but just blanket like, Hey, can you show me how to launch my whole Facebook campaign? Like, no, that's gonna be a waste of my time, your time and everybody else is here to even do that. But if you want me to show you like an aspect of like, how do I set up a lookalike audience and then upload a video? How do I create the right script for a video ad or something like specific like a specific part of that process? I'd love to maybe hear that. And that's what I encourage my clients to do. That somebody will tell me makes me sound like an asshole for saying that. Is that like making people get specific with their questions. It's not that I'm rude or I'm trying to control any of you guys. I want to help the group and I want to make sure that actually answer your question. Instead of talking about stuff that's going to waste your time. So I had a person that's in my my coaching group this week, and I said, let's get a little bit more specific. Let's break it down into smaller steps. And then take those smaller steps and then figure out kind of where you're at. And that's how you can utilize this time the best here with us and get the most out of this time as well as the next two days. Going forward. All right. Bev Jessup, what is going on, Bev? How are you also, don't be afraid of asking a silly question. I think some people might be afraid of asking silly questions, so don't worry about that. What's above? How are you? Hello?

[53:18] Speaker 1: Yeah, so far, I didn't quite go yesterday. But I wanted to ask you about Facebook. I think this is a bit of a silly question. But anyway, I've got questions. I've got a Facebook page, which was for my other business. And now because I'm pivoted to Christian art journaling, I wondered, do I need to have a new Facebook page in order to run

[61:30] Speaker 0: ads? What was your other Facebook page for?

[62:44] Speaker 1: It was called teletherapy. And action it was for speech therapists,

[64:02] Speaker 0: I think you can probably use the same one, what we recommend for Facebook Pages is to not make it business specific. And to make it based around your name and you as the mentor. And as the teacher and leader versus what the brand is itself. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is making their Facebook assets be brand and topic focused. And it's not a good idea to do that. Because we're on social media, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, X, all of that it's socially connecting with another person. And so the only reason why anybody actually engages with us to buy from us is because they're making a connection with us, not the information or topic itself. So the topic is relevant to attracting the right person. But the topic

[76:37] Speaker 1: isn't you change the name of the page. Can I call it something else? So

[77:48] Speaker 0: you should be able to do that. Okay, yeah, let's go. Let me show you that real quick. That's it again, that's That's one example of a very specific question. I love that. See, I love breaking down for people like when we get specific on stuff. And it's funny as I'm, I'm hoping if there's one thing I can train people to do, is learning to ask specific questions, because you're gonna get better at using AI. Google, doing your own research by learning how to ask more specifically, what we're what we're looking for, which is awesome. So let me show you this here over over on Facebook. So if we go into your page itself, here's my page right here. Okay. So if I switch into managing it,

[90:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: and my own page and I started this, there was zero people on here, this is mostly organic, just over the last maybe 12 years of meeting people and things like that, I'll tell you this, I don't get a ton of organic traffic traction, though, I'll find my page, even though I have that many followers, not a lot of organic traction as far as that goes. So I use my page more to to nurture and connect with people that I'm already connecting with. That's why we run the paid advertising. If we go under Edit, I think it's under edit, or is it under manage? You have to basically go into managing the page itself.

[100:45] Speaker 0: And then there's there's some sections here. And I'll tell you, this i for what you're asking, I think they've moved it. So I don't even know

[103:59] Speaker 1: I find Facebook, and they move things all the time that can't Well, here's the thing, though.

[105:16] Speaker 0: Here's the thing. And I mean this with respect.

[105:44] Speaker 1: And because you're in the US, and I'm in the UK, even sometimes the page might look to me, we

[107:25] Speaker 0: can either get really upset by that. Or we can say how can I work within that annoyance? Yeah, you know what I mean? And that's something that I encourage you to

[110:39] Speaker 1: some of the fear on Facebook, I think I maybe I'm speaking for myself, I am quite fearful of Facebook, I have spent 1000s on it. And, you know, you know, I

[113:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that we're I changed the page, because it's my business settings. I think that it might be so this is where again, I'm even a little bit stumped on this right now looking at it. So this is where like, I would encourage you to learn how to use these different AI tools. How do I change the name of a Facebook page after it has followers right? And sometimes, depending on how many followers you have, they have to approve it is what it is. Um, so here, here's some articles on how to do this. To change the name, you need to follow these steps log in. Okay, obviously, we're logged in, go to Page Settings, page info, and then click on Name. Okay, so, so I can't find this because they have changed it is there a 2024 update? Right. And that's one of the things that we can do is we can look at that. So okay, Facebook allows you to change the name once every 660 days. And you can't use the word Facebook in it. So this is how even I research and find stuff myself as I'm using a lot of AI to be able to do this. Okay, settings and privacy then Settings and then general pigs

[134:02] Speaker 1: to teach me What's up is perplexity free.

[135:08] Speaker 0: There is a free version that's rich, that's valuable. I have the paid one with copilot.

[137:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's if you're looking for something that's free that's maybe like that barred.google.com It's Google's version that uses Google. And they just ranked at the level of GPT four. So if I look at this how do I change the name on a Facebook page? Give me an updated process from 2024. Now perplexity, I paid for it because I really liked the value of how the paid engine works. And I can use different algorithms and things like that to get more specific responses and stuff like that. But Google barred right here. Okay, so we go under Page Settings. Let's do this. We're gonna go

[148:29] Speaker 0: we're gonna go to my page. Let me click on settings right here. This actually might help. Yep, there it is.

[150:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how you do it. Okay, Facebook settings. So it's actually a lot simpler than I was making it and barred. I was like, You know what, maybe I should just follow what it says. Guess what? It was actually that simple. I was complicating it myself. Yeah. So then you go here, you change it. Boom, review change. I don't want to change my name. I don't want to change my name. Right. But

[156:25] Speaker 0: that's how you do it. Yeah. Okay. And using AI tools like Bard, and as well I love perplexity for research purposes. So like what I've looked for I found specifically on my mental health journey that perplexity was more valuable than chat GBT because it was using actual cited sources from real. Studied reviews and stuff like that. So chat, GBT is kind of guessing some stuff. Whereas if I wanted to perplexity I'm like, Hey, I'm dealing with this like trigger right here. It found me like 20 articles about the exact issue I was dealing with. And I was like, Okay, this is really cool to learn about how my brain is working right now. And then it gave me topics to talk with my therapist about much better, like, yeah, one of the things I I talk to my therapist about, is that have you? Are you a therapist?

[170:19] Speaker 1: I know I must be sharp is, but I have dealt with anybody

[171:16] Speaker 0: who is a therapist, I'll tell you this. What am I like? And it's funny. They tell you in business, like don't tell people your vulnerabilities. I am an open book about them, because I really don't care or worry. I want to show my transparency. Yeah, one of my like, things that I've been researching working with therapists on is that if somebody comes to me and like, falsely accuses me of being a scammer, it really triggers me even though I'm not doing anything wrong. And so it's funny as that was a very big area for me to grow in, is like false accusation and stuff like that, and dialing in where that came from. I think it always seems to come from my religious childhood upbringing, we were always taught to never create the perception of evil, even if it's not true. Yeah, and to do so as wrong. And so even if somebody assumed something that's not true, we were taught growing up like that is the equivalent to doing the thing is if somebody assumes the worst about you. And so like, I've had to work through, and it's been a hard thing for me, is that is because I really don't want anybody to think terrible things about me, I really don't. Like, you might hear what I was talking about yesterday, right? And I'm like, hey, you know, you're gonna have people that might think this about you. It's because human beings are unpredictable. So we can do all the right things in our marketing. And this might be a huge mental unlock for some coaches that are here, you could do all the right things with the highest integrity and the most honesty, and you will still have people assume the worst, and project onto you what they think you're doing. And it might not even be accurate at all. And so I've had to learn like, a people can have negative opinions of me, that are not true. I'll do my very best to prove them wrong. Honestly, like, I've actually, I've actually okay with telling people, Hey, I got evidence to prove that what you accused me of is not true. Okay? And they're usually like, oh, sorry, man, you know, but sometimes people are crazy. And I mean, that like they really are. They're just they're committed to like, being angry at you on social media, you know, these keyboard warriors? And can I

[204:56] Speaker 1: ask you about your social media stuff? Is that you? Because I had this copywriter say to me about my copy in one of my social media posts and said, I, I can see that you use chat GDP for that? I wish I did. And because I just because I'm actually working four days a week, and I don't have time to kind of spend ages on creating content. So I just wanted to chat to do it for me quickly. And so I was wondering, is there a way of getting chat or anyone else to do it for you, without it looking as if it's AI?

[215:53] Speaker 0: That's a great question. And there is a way to do that. What I like to do is this, this is, again, this is my process, often with my social media and content, is I use AI for almost every piece of content that I saw it send to anybody or post anywhere. But what I do is I have the AI generate the idea. And then I put it in my own words for the final product. So if the AI is like says it this way, I'm gonna like and I've trained myself to kind of do this. Um, let me let me like kind of give you an example of this is like, I would never 99% of the time say things the way that AI says it. Myself, but the what it's trying to express is generally going to be true. And so yes, people can recognize if it's like you're just being lazy and just sharing AI content. There's a few tricks for this, though, that you can do that can help. Number one, you can use a prompt to tell it to put it into fourth grade reading language. Okay, okay. And so what I do is and if you do that, it's going to make it sound like it's talking to kids. So that's kind of weird. So I do is I want you to make it at a fourth grade reading level, but directed towards adults that are over 60 years old. So and So what it does is it actually literally makes it sound like very simple, easy to understand conversational language. And then sometimes I'll say Hey, that sounds too formal? Can you make it more informal and personal. So it sounds like me, just texting a close friend. And it will start to work better. And then it gets really close to how I would say it at that point. And then I just kind of slightly reword it from there. I did. I did this yesterday with my mom, this is a great example of this. As my mom had sent me something in the morning, and she's like, Hey, I need this done in like, an hour while I was asleep. And my son had been up all night. And I wasn't available to help her like that hour to do that. And my mom knows that, right? And she's totally understanding of that. And I think she was just like, brainstorming. And then so what I was like, because I was like, Okay, I want to make sure to like if this is a process that she wants, I want to honor that. And so this is what chat GPT helped me send her. I said, Hey, what's up saw your message. Paulson was up all night long. We got some shadow between that time, I noticed it was probably better if I took care of that issue, when you sent it. I think the time might be passed to do this right now. And so for any sort of like short term, immediate stuff, I think, let's come up with a strategy for us to collaborate on this in the future. Simple, but I struggled to make it that simple to send it to her. I don't know, I struggle with communication that way. And so as somebody myself that struggles with communication, that helps me authentically communicate better, what I'm meaning and simplify it. So I'm not over explaining myself, you know, and part of it is this. Like, 10 years ago, when I used to work for my mom, if I didn't do something like within an hour that she sent me, like all hell would break loose. So and I know that she's not like that right now. But that was like my whole life growing up, we had the statement, Delayed obedience is disobedience. And if you and basically if you asked me why and not like my mom used to say, if I tell you to jump, you need to say how high not why. And if you say why, I will punish you. And that's how I grew up. Was that thinking? So now my mom loves her. I help with her marketing, she's sending me this is a completely different, we've gone through therapy, we've grown in our debt, but it's still sort of pull some of that up with me. And I start getting a little bit of that trigger right there. Right. So I'm like, okay, maybe it might be a strategy he's wanting to do to do more immediate stuff, let's come up with a system. Let's hire a VA if we need. Right? Like, like, I got all these strategies for how we can make this work. But in that moment in the morning, I couldn't do that. And what's great is, this is what she sent me back. She's like, no worries, I just had that thought of them in the moment of time. You're right. I think if I have to send anything out immediately, I think we can either hire a VA to do it, or I can send it myself totally makes sense. And that's what she sent back, you know, powerful communication. And she's like poor Halston. He's cutting all his teeth. I totally understand like she was understanding of that, which is so interesting. That wasn't my mom 15 years ago. She especially like if you were working for a for her very much a hard taskmaster when it comes to this. And I don't mean that to dishonor her at all, it might come across that way. I'm just saying that transparently to like, I'm amazed as to how much she's grown as a leader. I think that I think that learning to communicate, even in high stakes situations, is a powerful thing. And AI can help us do that. And it can help us come across authentically to actually bring our heart across that way. But you want to know my process for doing that. I went back and forth with the AI for like, 10 minutes. And I was like, Okay, make it sound like this. I don't want it to say that. I don't want to include that part. I want to take this part out of it. And I went back and forth with the AI to really tune the message.

[303:59] Speaker 1: Yeah, I think I think it was because I was doing a Facebook Live using stream yard. And I just wanted to get it all out there quickly. Because what

[307:44] Speaker 0: I do like to do, though, I actually will just straight up use AI for that. So I have a prompt, I say act as if you are a highly engaging Facebook marketing expert that knows how to create the best descriptions for live videos. So I'm describing what its context is to get the most engagement to get people to watch the video. The video is about and then I list a few of the points I'm gonna talk about. Can you create a description for this and I want the call to action to be XYZ. And so then it'll actually create it in that tone for Facebook to do that, and then I'll my edit a few of those words again, I might still rewrite it and then I'll copy that into stream yard and do that. One way to make AI sound like you is take video content, take the transcript of it, and tell it to just rewrite whatever you said verbally as a different form of content, whether it be a quote for a graphic, whether it be a, a text post for social media, whether it be a blog post, because it's actually taking your own words, and then just reframing them. And when if you do that, that way, and one, one trick that I like to do with that is I'll, I'll say, take this transcript, turn this into a Facebook post, make the fate and this is the key, make the Facebook post being the exact same tone of voice as the original transcript. Yeah, okay. So then the AI will actually notice the tone of voice of the transcript, and then the output will actually sound very much like you, again, it might still be off a little bit. That's where we edit it. As far as that goes, I think you still want to make sure that you're kind of the final say before you put content out there. But that can speed you up to create content much quicker, much faster. And yeah, we have a whole course in the accelerator, I call it the five minute Content Creation Blueprint, where you can create all your content organically in less than five minutes.

[340:19] Speaker 1: How much is accelerated? Do you say because I didn't catch the accelerator program.

[341:26] Speaker 0: When we open the doors last time it was $2,000 for the year, it was $166.42 a month for 12 payments. And so like, when we open the doors, a lot of a lot of people, they usually join it the monthly and then they have 30 days to decide if they want to stay or not. And we do

[347:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: we do ask that people stay for at least a year, as far as that goes. And so if people don't want to commit to a year, they just wanted to be in there for a month, they write to us and ask for their money back. Now, one thing I don't offer, I don't offer multiple money back guarantees. That's people trying to take advantage of it and trying to get it for free. I offer it as like a one time thing that you can try it for free. If somebody wants to come back, there's not a money back guarantee on that. You know, as far as that goes, it says it on the sales page too. I don't. There's you can't like stack, like, Okay, I signed up for free that I got the money back. And then like next time you open and like I had somebody tried to do that. And they got really angry with me that they couldn't join. Is it like

[358:15] Speaker 1: a membership is it meant to be more like a membership, or a course, it's

[359:34] Speaker 0: a membership Pro, it's a membership that has multiple courses in it that I've developed and creating new courses every month. So like right now I'm creating a course on ads optimization, we just finished a course on. It's called forbidden advertising, how to make sure if your ads account is shut down what to do. Yeah, and so any sort of topic that people that are in there are wanting more in depth training on I then usually take between four and six weeks. And I released like, I'll record how I do it from my own time management, I record one lesson of a course per week. So if I'm saying, Okay, I'm going to create an ADS optimization course, I'm going to record one lesson of that course, this week, and then I'm gonna record one lesson next week, and then one less than the week after. And so then after like a month and a half, we got a whole new course there. And then once I finished that, and I'm like, Okay, this course is done, then I look at okay, what are the questions that people been asking in the group, and I'm going to create a course on whatever, like the main topic that keeps coming up in with people. Another one that we're teaching us how to like really how to run a group coaching and membership program really well. That's one that we're developing. And we're starting here in a couple weeks.

[379:40] Brenda Chambliss: Okay. And I also live

[380:31] Speaker 1: sorry, I don't want to take care of I'm just thinking whether you're caught membership would be suitable because I'm, I wanted to do this retreat. But like, do a course live in a retreat? And then sell the places to the retreat? Does that kind

[385:13] Brenda Chambliss: of really good?

[386:13] Speaker 1: Would Facebook Facebook Ads work for doing a live course at a retreat? Yeah,

[387:51] Speaker 0: it will. I think there's a little bit more nuance as far as how you get those people to make that decision decision to join. Um, you know, I mean, the worst case scenario is you you run Facebook ads, and then nobody joins your retreat. So that can happen. And we do have to be aware of the risks as far as that goes, but how do we solve for that? That's what we help you with in the program is like, Okay, how do we make sure that you actually do get people to show up to the retreat? And how do we adjust your language and marketing and all that to do that?

[396:31] Speaker 1: Yeah, because I was thinking whether to do it as a Betta thing.

[397:49] Speaker 0: renders question here. And then if you got another question, raise your hand. How's that sound?

[399:09] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah.

[399:29] Speaker 0: Awesome. All right. Um, Brenda, Brenda, how are you?

[400:32] Brenda Chambliss: Great, great. I just wanted to say that these last few days, I feel like I've been through therapy. Yeah.

[402:59] Speaker 0: That's awesome. Is that good or bad

[403:37] Brenda Chambliss: is good because I had to rethink my, my niche. Ah, um, like I mentioned before, I'm a professional Realtor. And I wanted to be able to help other realtors who have these multimillion dollar listings, I live in LA, um, to find their audience that will want to buy their property, but at the same time now, I also do digital marketing, and I help local businesses get found online. Oh, cool. So I'm some

[413:13] Speaker 0: crossover with that, too. There's, there's quite a bit of crossover around that with like, local real estate and local businesses.

[415:35] Brenda Chambliss: You Oh, yeah. So I'm just trying to hone in and you know, get focused on where I should start. So and I just a simple question. What landing page? Do you use it like WordPress, or I

[419:58] Speaker 0: use Squarespace. And we're going to show you that tomorrow. Okay, well,

[421:08] Brenda Chambliss: unfortunately, I can't come tomorrow and be able to be here live. And then Friday, I'll be on a plane. Oh, watch the recording. Okay. Okay. That'll be good. That'll be helpful. But yeah, this is the this is like a course like none other I find myself cracking up and at the same time learning, and even sometimes actually in tears, I'll be honest with you, because I'm, I can't even begin to tell you just for me to have the camera on is a big deal for me. Wow, I'm so proud of you. Yeah. So you know, ya know, like,

[431:01] Speaker 0: that's amazing. I know. I know what that's like, the being camera shy like that. You know, I used to be really camera shy. So y'all might be like, wait a sec, what? Let me explain. I used to be the guy behind the camera, and I could film anybody, but you put it on me and like I and I got better at it by simply leaning into doing hard things. That's really what it was. I just, I gave myself I recorded a video once a day, every single day for like a year straight. And that's actually how I started creating content on my YouTube channel. Like if you go if you go over here to my my YouTube right now, you can look you can actually see some of those early videos are on here, those early videos that I did. Let's see if we go to videos, and we go to oldest. Here was like six years. This was me right here. How are we doing today? i The title of this video. I just laugh every time I turned the camera on, I couldn't help it. I still laugh a lot. But like, you know, I'm way more confident with that. And that was by the way that was four years ago. I'm like, remember I said I've been in this industry for 21 years. Wow. So when I started I started filming and doing video for Danny Johnson. And and my mom wasn't even doing this at the time. And so I knew stuff about video and filmmaking and all of that. And I was very much like a techy guy with that stuff. I'll tell you this. 21 years later, I'm not as techie as I used to be. I'm confused by half the tech stuff still now. So I tried to keep it real simple. But yeah, I could not put a camera on me and talk to save my life. For like the first 15 years of me trying to do this. I used to be able to record audio. I could talk if my face wasn't up. But I struggled to like show my face for a while. So that's why I encourage you on that. That's great. Love hearing that. Thank you. Yeah. Did you have a question?

[468:22] Brenda Chambliss: Oh, yeah, that was my question was, and you I think you kind of went over how, how do I decide if I should do courses? Or if I should do coaching, even though I have the skills and I have the knowledge, I'm just trying to zero in on what I need to focus in. And when you mentioned about the niche, not being a topic, but a person. I mean, that was a revelation, not just like kind of you know, that's like yeah, so

[476:38] Speaker 0: that's the other day information by itself as valuable as it is. The perceived value of information is not worth very much anymore. Because we have so much on YouTube and a I have so much access to information, even for free or at such a very low cost. And so you can find so much information, if you know how to find it. The value is having somebody walk you through and guide you through the information, and then also being able to help you pivot course correct. Oftentimes, when we give people information, they translate it differently. They're like, Okay, I did it. And this happens all the time. Okay, I'll teach people how to make a landing page for their course. And then they show me what they made. And I'm like, okay, that's maybe like 50% of how I would do it. Let's adjust this, let's tweak this, let's, let's change that and stuff like that. And even though I might have covered in detail, the things that I told them to change and stuff like that, for whatever reason, when it comes to creating landing pages and things like that, there's like most people have some tweaks and adjustments to make and things like that, that I see as a mentor that I can point out, and then I can help them not have to struggle to put it out there. Because we're able to work together and collaborate. So that's really what we're selling when it comes to selling a membership, and coaching and courses, as we're selling the ability to come alongside somebody, and really partner with them in their success. Versus just information, right? Those are two different things, somebody coming alongside you and partnering and your success is very different than just here's some info. Right? Yeah. And so and that's, and that's where the value, you can charge a premium, when you truly create a structure to be able to provide that for people. And the premium is not overinflated. At that point, you know, again, $10,000, for a course, might be really expensive, but $10,000, for strategic information that can make you a million dollars, that's actually cheap, compared to the value and transformation that's created. And that's really what it is, especially when we're pricing we want to price around what is the value and transformation that people are getting. As far as that goes. Pricing is also a great way to kind of qualify out who's a good fit and who's not. For my accelerator program, I've tested out different price points when we when I started it.

[519:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a different it's a different, it's what it is, it's a different caliber of coach or course creator that is willing to join for a year at $2,000 versus for 97 bucks. It's just it's different. It's a different, they're more committed. And I don't have to work as hard to help get them results at that point. That's what I was what I noticed. So, again, that's why we have the 30 day money back guarantee to because I want people to prove that for themselves. I want them to know okay, I feel really good about this. I hope that helps. Brenda.

[529:52] Brenda Chambliss: Yes, it does. 100% Thank you. Yeah, I'm on the waiting to

[530:52] Speaker 0: see Jason Mitchell. What's up? How are you? Jason? I saw your hand was raised.

[532:49] Speaker 3: Yeah, no, I'm gonna be driving, I was trying to push the button. While while I'm looking at the road. Whether it's I wanted to say was about your whole idea by basically, he's telling you before you have the product, or the course made already, that was something that for me, was a big sticking point. Okay, it was something that it wasn't me, for me that was always kind of like, you know, like, how do you do it? And I'm starting to realize more and more the importance of something before you create the course, putting energy.

[541:33] Speaker 0: Yeah, and improving it. Like, as you kind of bring them in creating a system to where it's like, Okay, here's what we're selling initially, but it's going to evolve and get better over time. And, and I think that that's a natural part of as a mentor, as I tell people this in my coaching group, and I'm gonna say something that I think is going to resonate with everybody who's here, or that are watching the recording. It can sound harsh if I say this to somebody that I just met. But I think that I can share this right now, we have to elevate how we see ourselves to a higher level as a CEO of a of a have a company that serves people at a level that's better than our competitors. And that doesn't mean we have to work more hours to do so either. I think that's kind of the rub of that is like we're like okay, if I if I'm serving my market better, that means I got to work more. And it does not have to be that way. And that's where it's like, this is the this is the puzzle. I think if any of y'all have like a brain puzzle that you're gonna want to solve and figure out for its How do you serve people at or better than the level of one on one coaching with a group in a membership without working more than 10 hours a week? Because that right there, and you can charge 10,000 20,000, even $40,000 for that. Now, if you don't want to charge 10,000 20,000 afford it because I know your your offer, Jason's was 40k. Right? Yeah, the people that are here, they're like, I just want to charge 500, great charge 500, then, see, if you like that, see how that works. Do what economically make sense for you and qualifies, what type of client you want to work with, I think that this works, whether you're, and I heard Alex or Mozi, say this, you want to do basically one of two things, you don't want to be in the middle of this, you either want to sell a very expensive product to a very small group of people that have a lot more money, or you want to sell something that is a lot more affordable to a very large group of people. And sometimes you can bridge that gap, but you don't want to be in the middle of those two. Because oftentimes being in the middle, is gonna, you're gonna get lost in the noise, and it's just not gonna like, it's not you either you either look too expensive or too cheap to whoever you're trying to reach as far as that goes. And so again, I think like, this process works for selling high ticket and low ticket.

[585:00] Speaker 3: All right. Yeah. And also, I did want to say that one last thing about Jackie said that the niche is the person versus in a particular market, because for me, like, I really hit home for me, because I tend to obviously, because of my price point, everything I'm doing, I'm selling too much more of it, and improving clientele. And I look for people that are doing anywhere from maybe 100k up. And you know, and I'm when I'm when I'm reaching out to them, and when I'm now creating more content and putting myself out there, I'm doing things that are much more, you know, like personality based things, things that I like things that are that I'm seeing, the better that also speaks to them. And so therefore, it kind of leaves me open to be able to go ahead and go ahead. And so Okay, for those of you who are in business, so your business stuff, and maybe people who are in business, but maybe you're in a career for yourself. So I think that your idea about the niche being about the person versus the the market is spot on.

[601:26] Speaker 0: Yeah. And another part of it is this, you end up you want to embody, and this is a weird statement, because it's like because I had to figure out how to do this in a way that was authentic for me, as I have to embody and demonstrate the fact that I am somebody that actually uses and has been successful with what I teach, but at the same time, I want to be as authentic to myself as possible. And so what that is, is that has more to do with your energy, the way you talk and communicate about yourself and others. Things like that. It's not about like, Okay, I got a Lambo, or I got a private jet or things like that. It's not about you know, I have to be like, I have to look a certain way or sound a certain way. It's more about a lot of people, they get a vibe off of you when they're talking to you. And they're like, Okay, is this guy legit? For what he says that he's going to do? In the beginning, when I started selling this business? i It's funny, I would get on calls with people. And I would tell them, yeah, like, I built eight figure companies and they're like, Jeremiah, you don't look like you made $8. Like, you don't sound like somebody who's made $8 even. And so like, and that offended me. I was really pissed off by that. And what I did was I actually took a look at what was the energy that I was bringing into the conversation. And the energy that I was bringing to the conversation was that I was expecting people to not trust me. And so you're not saying that you're that you're doing that? Jason? I'm saying that for everybody else is here. But it matters a lot more, especially if you're doing like the high ticket 40,000 to an audience that's making over 100k. I'll give you an example. This there's a guy right now he's trying to get me to buy us by his coaching program. He's trying to pitch me on it. And to be honest, his pitch is a little off. I think I'm not necessarily his target client as far as it goes. But I like some of his information. It's unique. It's different than a few of the things that I'm doing when it comes to YouTube. And so I'm interested to learn what he's doing on YouTube. But some of the language he's using, I'm like, dude, like, I don't think you're I don't think that your our conversation is your understanding, like, what my needs are. And so unfortunately, now I'm losing trust in Him. Because I don't think that he understands me that well. And I'll tell you, that's what all of our prospects end up doing. When you're selling, they lose trust, if it feels like we don't understand them. Because it's like, okay, you're assuming you know me, but you don't. Right. Jason, have you ever had anybody assume they know you? And they don't know anything about you. But they've made assumptions.

[652:03] Speaker 3: I've been on both sides of that table. Right.

[652:41] Speaker 0: Exactly. Yeah, both sides. It's tough. Yeah, yeah. So and here's the thing was, so when it comes to AI, this is one of those areas that like, people are judgmental, we could literally like, be the most non judgmental person ever. And yet, we're still, it's part of our like, primal wiring, to judge is somebody like safe and trustworthy or not. And studying the science behind building trust is also really valuable. And so it's not about knowing all the answers. That's actually one of the things that I think most people get wrong. They think if I just knew all the answers, then people would trust that I'm legit. I've actually built more trust with people telling them that I don't have an answer they're looking for. They're like, Hey, can you show me how to grow my youtube channel to a million streams? And I'm like, my YouTube doesn't even get that. So I don't know. I don't really know how I can show you how to make really cool podcast episodes that your clients might like. But I don't even get a lot of traction off my podcast yet. I still record it every week, because it's cathartic for me to do so. So if you're looking for somebody to teach you a podcast strategy, I'm probably not the one. I'm somebody looking to other podcast, right. I'm not Andrew Huberman. I'm not Joe Rogan.

[675:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I can show you how to make an offer that sells and grows, grows a six and seven figure coaching course, or membership business, using Facebook ads and growing your email list, specifically. So does that make sense? Without

[680:03] Speaker 3: perfect sense?

[680:39] Speaker 0: Awesome. Ave said in the comment. Yeah, good coach. Yeah, you got to understand people you got. And that's, that's the thing is, you don't know what our real job is. We're all like, Oh, I'm a coach. I'm a mentor. I teach personal development, I teach real estate. The job that most people don't take on, is the role of becoming obsessed with human psychology. And understanding people really well. Because you're looking to understand people. And there's a couple of ways of doing this. You looking to understand people to learn how can I help them really well? Yeah, and let me let me say, Have you ever met people that are really good at they understand psychology, but they're like, they're not very safe to be around. They're kind of like, oh, this person is trying to like, trick me and trap me and do stuff. But that type of stuff I don't like I feel really uncomfortable around like people like that. They're like, you can tell they understand psychology so much. But they're, they're still operating out of like, protecting themselves. And so this is why that energy of self protection usually comes across in our sales pitches sometimes. And then somebody you might be saying all the right things, but the self protection is the vibe is being caught. And now that makes us feel untrustworthy to somebody else. So people make that buying decision when they feel really good about listening to you. As far as that goes. We're not going to feel really good to everybody. We're not supposed to there. You know, there's I told you I had this lady who was like,

[708:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: told me she got a criminal justice degree and that what I teach should be criminal and wishes she could arrest me for teaching this stuff. And I'm like, I think you misinterpreted a lot of what I'm actually sharing First off, I'm sorry, but like, I'm not even trying to convince this person to engage with me.

[713:41] Speaker 0: Rose sent me a long letter on this and that's the thing like you're gonna still have people misinterpret you misunderstand you. Um, that's fine. One thing I have learned, like, I don't take it personally, if people log off of like a training or things like that, that's silly. Like, I've had to turn off trainings because my son is puking on the floor and just pooped all over my wife. So like So as far as that goes, like, I don't judge any more like people, they are not engaging, or they're not listening or things like that what I'm looking for more is like, what do people actually say? And what do their actions say, right? And if somebody's sending me a nasty like, 10, paragraph letter, like, I just delete it, and don't engage, and I'm really focused in on who are the people that are in my accelerator group? Who are the ones that are in the VIP calls like this? And what questions do they have? And helping serve people like, like, Jason, like you and Brenda, and Bev and I have a Tony. At a high level to do that, but of course, but you know, I'm, I'm not perfect either. I, I fail on a regular basis. So if you're looking for somebody who's perfect, that's not me. All right. No such thing. Exactly, exactly. So that's it though. Like if we can kinda like I like my, my favorite people to hang out with are ones that like, they're not expecting everybody to be perfect, because now I'm like, alright, we can be, we can be more authentic. We can, like, bring our walls down. And we can start to actually go to work and strategize and brainstorm. Because we can't brainstorm with people that are super critical with us. All we're doing is we're in protection mode. And so then what ends up happening, am I and it's funny, I'm getting like a picture of this. When I used to do my first webinars and content, I was super afraid of others criticizing me. And my energy was very self critical of myself of what other people would think about me. And so now that Did you know that when we're self critical, it actually reads as if we're being critical and angry of the person we're talking to. This is something my wife and I have realized, if I'm being angry at myself, she thinks I'm pissed at her. When it has nothing to do with her, but my energy comes across that way. My son thinks that even if daddy is upset with something that he did wrong, my son thinks that it's his fault. Because why does dad have an angry face while he's playing with me, right. And that's something I've had to learn as a father to learn how to how to

[760:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: put in the box, come back to it later, because I'm there to play with my son right now. And he doesn't deserve to take on all of my stuff I'm dealing with, right. That's what I grew up with. Some of us did as well. Anyways, that's a whole other topic right there. All right.

[765:00] Speaker 0: Let's see, Bev said, I've done a course for speech therapists starting a private practice. But I don't want to do ongoing coaching. Because I no longer do it. Can I sell a course for $500 via Facebook ads? So here's what I love. Is there's a couple of ways to do this. This, by the way, I know a number of people, they have that same issue. How are you all like you don't want to do ongoing coaching with people. But you want to make money consett, right? I love it. Because you can still make this work as far as that goes. So the way that you do it is what I love is you figure out some kind of a strategic schedule where you could just do a get together. And so again, remember you mentioned your retreat, that's your value add to the course, if they want more connection with you, you could do it to where they buy the course. And they get a ticket to one of the retreats that you do for free. And that might be one time a year. And so now you sell the course. And you have the retreat where they can come in. And that's where we really start to break down the questions and the things people are struggling with and all of that. Now, one thing I do recommend people do, it is nice to have some kind of a feedback mechanism where people can at least like post questions to you and then you can like give responses. And so I think that that's helpful and we did that we did that with a few courses where we we sold a course for 1000 bucks and I had a Facebook group and we met with the group like once every three months for a two hour zoom call just to answer questions every three months. And that was the extent of how much ongoing support they got as far but what was cool was those people were super happy and grateful for it because like that's what they knew they were buying into. They knew they were buying into okay, this course is 1000 bucks, and it includes six months of quarterly support, which which then we put into rackets to x, who our zoom calls every three months. And that's it. And then Facebook group to get questions asked, then we hired. And actually, I think it started as a volunteer, somebody volunteered to, like help answer questions in the group. And we were able to bring in somebody to be an assistant to help answer those questions and things like that. And so there's ways of doing this to where you can pull back from how much you need to engage and lean into that, especially if you got a lot of experience with them.

[811:19] Speaker 0: Do you run ads to your five day challenge with upsell VIP, okay, so I do not run them straight to the five day event that we're doing, I run them to the webinars that I did it on Saturdays. And then those people, I emailed them about the five day and I retarget those people, so I run an ad only to people who have visited my website in the last 30 days. So the only way anybody's gonna see an ad for my five day intensive is if they visited my website, in the last 30 days. If you haven't visited my website, last 30 days, all you're ever going to see from me is ads for these Saturday.

[822:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Events that I do every couple of weeks. And I'm not even hosting. When's the next Saturday event that I'm doing? Well, we have a mastermind in February, then there's Valentine's Day, and then we're going into our birthday season. So I'm not even doing any more events till March. And I'm just working with my accelerator group. Before I even do any, any of those sessions. Oh, see here. Brenda, did you have a question? Yeah,

[831:18] Brenda Chambliss: I was just wondering if someone's been to your website. Okay.

[832:40] Speaker 0: So yeah, there's a thing on Facebook, that you put it on your website, and then Facebook tracks that they visited it. And so then Facebook will show their account when they're logged into Facebook or Instagram, they'll show them ads. They also have an algorithm that kind of guesses if those people have been to your website. And some of it is a little bit of guesswork, and some of it is a little bit more scientific. That's why having an email list is still one of the most powerful things. That's why I like being able to directly contact people somehow, because you got their information. And we call this permission based connection, because you've got permission now to come to talk with them. You've actually explicitly like asked for permission by them signing up for something and they can unsubscribe at any time, or do that. And so permission based connection allows you to talk with people on that level. But then you can show ads to people

[848:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: who have visited and stuff. Right. Tony says I'm one of those pre creators, I've created a landing page for a free course that surveys them at the end that they can use the paid website as a tool to practice what I taught them in the free program. How would you approach chat GPT for help promoting that? All right. That's a big part of what we're going to be breaking down tomorrow. And that's where the prompts that are in there are really helpful. Tony, can you come up on the audio here? Yeah. All right. How are you doing?

[859:00] Speaker 4: Good, how you doing?

[859:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing good. So one of the things that we want to figure out is is who are we? Are we creating a program for what are we actually selling? What

[862:59] Speaker 0: problem does it solve? And what solution? Does your paid tool offer them?

[865:27] Speaker 4: Okay, I should answer those questions. Right?

[866:32] Speaker 0: Yeah, so that's the one thing we want to know what that is. First, if we don't know what that is. That's where Chad GPT can help us brainstorm that. Okay.

[868:40] Speaker 4: Yeah, I know exactly what they are. These are caring and compassionate singers and musicians. What was the next question?

[871:12] Speaker 0: What main problem do they have that you're that you're paying for solves songs.

[872:31] Speaker 4: Oh, it helps them? Well, the paid tool is helping them prepare music that will attract those customers that the free program taught me how to approach or use that mindset that I've just talked to him. Okay. So it's like the pay program is a collaboration of location so that they can work their songs into an attractive study. And I'm teaching as well, because coaching component to that I'm teaching a new, a different song form that they can use, okay? We'll help them attract the customers that they really want to be with, you know, like Taylor Swift had some thing that she used, and one of her earlier managers showed a video of her saying exactly what she does to take care of her fans. And that's already, that's what I've noticed. Before I saw a video before you showed the video, I've noticed that and so I wrote, there's so many artists that are doing what I'm teaching, that helps them reach their success. And so if they, if the musicians or singers adapt this, they're gonna get the same or similar reaction from their clan, that the main difference is just a matter of time, they don't have the record company behind them, to promote them like they do those artists, but you can feel the same mindset still affects the fans in the way that the major one is. So it can work for them. slower process, because it's not so new distribution at the same time, but it will work for them.

[903:16] Speaker 0: Cool. So I really like how specific you are on that. And I think that that's great. So with chat, GPT we have these chat GPT prompts right here that you can use to go in and actually start to develop this coffee. So I always start with this as we come up with that kind of whatever those questions are. And the more detail you have, the better.

[909:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you can tell it to start by saying write a sales letter in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone. Are you a passionate singer, musician with a heart full of songs yet find yourself wondering how to reach and deeply connect with your audience, you understand that the world is brimming with talent standing out from be a challenge, especially when you're navigating the music industry independently.

[915:53] Speaker 0: Okay, so we're going to show them how to transform their songs into captivating stories that their listeners can't resist the mindset out to be success. And so what this does is this gives us like an initial stage for the sales copy to develop out what that is now, I have these multiple steps. So we've got step one, step two. And literally, we just copy and paste these into chat, GBT. And I paste it right in here. And the AI starts to develop out more of what those pain points are. They're struggling to stand out, they don't have industry knowledge, they're struggling to connect with their audience, they got marketing challenges, they don't they possibly don't feel creative enough. Maybe have limited time, they're skeptical. They fear their music isn't going to get out there. They worry that they're going to go unnoticed, and they have anxiety about the future their music career.

[931:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the AI is pulling out more emotion of what really drives people to start to tell that story to the prospect very similar. What you do is thongs, that's what we're doing here with

[935:13] Speaker 0: the sales copy. And so what I like to do about three was go in and I paste these prompts in here.

[937:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the copy starts to get better and better and better as we go down it. And then what I'll do is I'll go through and I'll copy this to a Word document and I'll pick out what are the best like five to 10% sentences. And then I'll do the same thing over and over again. And I'll usually do that a couple of times. And it'll start to create better and better sales copy for our offers to put out there to attract a better client that we do.

[946:06] Speaker 4: What I'm really one of the things that did say it was I forget the exact wording. But I used to work for I was a street team director at one of the states from one of the major labels. And what I noticed is independent artists, and national artists, they are totally different about their approach to marketing. It's amazing. Natural artists will work their hearts out, work their butts off to get the job done. Independent owners one form. So you know that's a different mindset that I have to adapt to. It's true.

[956:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. It's the same with I think a lot of coaches and mentors. A lot of people when they're successful, they're willing to work harder, but in the beginning, they're like they want it all done for them. Yeah, and so I How do we find a balance with that one thing I encourage people to do is realize that you're gonna have to do hard and uncomfortable things. That's one of the first like, things you got to level with yourself with in this business. And the okay that 100% goes with. I mean, even what I'm saying, Tony probably resonates with a lot of what you share with your musicians, you know?

[967:20] Speaker 0: Yeah. And so, because it's because it really is the foundational mindset of becoming like a national brand, and somebody that has that has leadership, in any space that people are leading. They're doing the stuff that I'm talking about right now and how they market and build their brand.

[972:50] Speaker 0: And so Oh, wait, actually, I think we already went through that we already went through

[975:17] Speaker 0: what that is. So yeah, so I have all these different prompts here that we do. And why do we do this, here's why. Chat GPT is not very good by itself, at giving you the results that work. To the series of prompting pulls out of it a much deeper quality level of output. Because of what we're doing is back in the day, when we used to write sales copy, without AI, we used to have to do a lot of what the AI is doing manually. And so you still actually have to go through the same process with the AI to get to where you're wanting to get to. And so on a break down, we want to give the AI see all of this information that it's generating, is helping it get more aligned with what a better form of sales copy looks like. I want to show you something. The reason why I'm going through these steps, and I'm pasting these in here is because once I get to step six, I want to show you the difference between what the sales copy sounds like when it has embedded into it, the legacy, the vision, the transformation, the personal growth, all of the dreams, vision, frustration, and all of that, and the emotion is bottled up into one single piece of marketing. And how much more effective that marketing language is. And we're going to show you this tomorrow, too. I'm gonna go I'm gonna break this down in the main session too. But

[999:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, if you have a landing page like this, the words that you put on the landing page right here, you can use AI to help you come up with a lot of these words. And to develop out a lot of the words that describe what it is that you're actually selling to people.

[1004:08] Speaker 0: Okay, so right here like these are, these are questions that we've tested, they're tried and true with our clients to go through and and to pull out a bit like, what are the key setbacks that they might be facing? Can you provide specific scenarios, and there's actually a new one that I've developed? What are possible risks that these people above are trying to avoid? That might be that might be painful for them. And they don't want to happen. And I might add this as a prompt in here as embedding even some of the risks that people want to avoid into it. So one of the biggest risks that your artists have that they want to avoid financial instability, loss of creative integrity, they don't want to go overlooked. They don't want burnout. They don't want to be rejected and criticize.

[1017:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: They don't want to deal with technological and market changes, possible legal issues with their music, copyright issues, contract disputes. So all of these things are in the back of the mind. And they're they're bothering your prospect while you're trying to sell to them. And so if we can actually even bring them to the forefront, they help us write better sales copy. Now this prompt right here is unique. Write a sales letter, and you can change it from free webinar, you can change it to retreat, you can change it to ebook, you can change it to online course, you can change it to live event. Right? And so I'll show you let's actually just for fun, let's do this. Let's change it to be for a free ebook.

[1031:21] Speaker 0: We want to give an invite, invite to the download of the free ebook. And we want it to be in a conversational informal and persuasive tone. By the way, conversation, those three words. We've studied this. All effective sales letters are a combination of conversational they sound good conversation with a real person. They are informal, not professionally written. And they're very persuasive in their language. So and then specifically, follow the format, are you tired of issue and problem, I know what it's like I've been there share an empathy story. Or you could make this be about your clients, you can change this to I know what it's like.

[1043:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been there too. And I've helped hundreds of people with the same problem. And then give an invite to download and then I want it to rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie. That's my mom.

[1048:23] Speaker 0: Some of y'all might be wondering why I say why it says the tone of Sandy Krakowskie in here, chat GPT trained itself on all the sales letters that my mom and I wrote. And all the content that we created, so when I tell it to rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie, it does it based on the style of how I would actually write a sales letter for coaching and online courses. So here it is, are you tired of pouring your heart into music only to feel like you're constantly overlooked? Like you're shouting into a void? And isn't it the struggle to stand out and connect with your audience at a deeper level and turn your passion into a career, I get it. I've been there. The music industry can be daunting, especially for the independent artists who doesn't have the backing of a big label.

[1061:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: But here's the thing I've walked the path stumbled and learned and how to overcome these challenges. And I've been fortunate enough to guide hundreds of musicians through this journey. Now what I might do is, I might say, simplify this and make it much more informal. And

[1065:31] Speaker 0: like, if that doesn't sound like how I would say it, I'm going to take a section of this copy. And I'm on the habit actually kind of rewrite a portion of it with much more like simplified language. Let's take this section right here and say, I totally get you I've been there. And I've been feeling like, Have you ever been feeling like it's all too much the music biz can be tough, especially when you're doing it solo without a big label behind you. But hey, I've been down that road. And I've had my share of oopsie moments and figured things out, right. And so you might change that. Like, I don't want to say oopsie moments, but like,

[1074:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want to say oopsie moments. Okay. So like, and this is how I work with and we work with chat, GBT is we correct it in the areas that don't tell like how we've been saying it and it starts to create different versions of the language. That sounds more like how he would say it.

[1079:17] Speaker 0: Then right where you are for like a huge mountain to climb the music world is pretty tough, especially if you're on your own without a big label. But here's the deal. I've been through that grind and hit a few bumps and learned a bunch and found ways to get past those hurdles. And the best part, I've helped tons of musicians just like you find their groove and really take off. Now that sounds pretty good. See, so that's how we can use this to come up with much better language than the sandy Krakowskie version is right here. Feel like your music is just a whisper in the roaring crowd. I hear you and let me tell you, you're not alone that aching your heart wondering if your melodies will ever find their echo. I felt it and guess what I've cracked the code to turning the whisper into a roar

[1090:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: introducing echo into the void amplifying your music in a crowded industry. And actually, that's really what you're looking to help people do amplify their music in a crowded industry. It's not just an ebook. It's a revolution in your inbox. That's a culmination of all those hard learned lessons and strategies that work and Heart to Heart advice that you've been craving.

[1096:12] Speaker 0: So again, we might reward some of that, but that's how we use chat GBT to help us really dial in that language. And then you could say convert the above to a Facebook ad.

[1100:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's really good at running Facebook ads feeling lost in the music world Hello. If you as a fellow music maker ever feel like you're climbing the mountain solo in the music biz? It's tough, especially without a big labels backing. But here's the good news I've been where you are hitting bumps and learning how to make it through the best parts. I've helped loads of musicians do so discover out a standout connect with your audience and turn your music into a career. That could be your headline for your sales letter right there. Because that's really what you're looking to help them do.

[1107:41] Speaker 4: Yeah, exactly.

[1108:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's so it's pretty cool. We were able to do that in about 10 minutes with chat GPT Yeah, it's really come up with a great language for you. Does that make sense?

[1111:06] Speaker 4: Yes, it does. Thank you so much.

[1111:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Very cool. Are they asked you still recommend that we use answer the public so again, so are they answered? The public is specifically around people that they're trying to figure out which niche or topic might work well for them. So eventually, you're going to have to make a decision.

[1118:05] Speaker 0: And you're going to have to decide okay, it might not be perfect, but I'm going to create something for are musicians that feel lost without a big label? Right? That's what Tony's doing. And so answer the public is a great tool for that. I also again, YouTube, one technique that I love is you use answer the public, you use Amazon, find who's written a book about the topic that maybe you want to do. Here's another great niche selection technique. Figure out who has videos on YouTube that are about the topic that you want to create a niche for your coaching on. Some of y'all are getting upset because somebody created a free video about the thing that you want to coach on. Can I tell you this, if that video has 100,000 views, that's a great idea for you to market because it means there's 100,000 people that are willing to watch a video to learn the thing that you could market and sell to them.

[1134:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like for instance, let's say that we want to take this topic right here. Here's what's really fun, you can literally do this and figure out what to search on YouTube. I want to find other youtubers that teach the same topic as the above. For Tony. Right? Generate me 20 possible search terms to try and YouTube independent musician tips, music marketing for independent musicians, how to stand out as a musician and building a fan base for indie artists. Let's try that. Let's go to YouTube. And we're gonna type in building a fan base for indie music artists.

[1147:26] Speaker 0: Now, look at these videos that have over a million views on this topic. How to build a fan base from scratch, how musicians go from zero to a million fans, these titles that are up here. You could create a webinar or an ebook with a very similar title. Tony could make an ebook on how indie artists can grow their fan base the right way. And instead of struggling in just one week. So if you've ever wondered how to come up with ideas for your free offer or your courses, YouTube is actually a great resource for that. Then what I'll look up as I look at okay, what are some of the top YouTube videos that are coming up for this, let's just let's just copy even if it might copy some of these top videos right here. I'll copy the page and I'll take this in here. And I will say, Here's a few top videos. And I'm just pasting the names right here.

[1164:27] Speaker 0: I pasted that in there. These videos out here's a summary of potential next steps.

[1167:16] Speaker 0: Focus on rapid strategies is approach action oriented. Okay, awesome. So I would say you can stop chat GPT from talking it's not rude. And you can say the question I like to ask is are there any popular books right now? About the same topic above?

[1173:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then chat GBT will go to work. Okay, I can't browse and access real time updates. However, I can recommend several key books. How to make it in the new music business. Music marketing for the DIY musician. Okay, great. So that gives us a couple ideas that we now go to Amazon, we can actually start to look at this music marketing for indie musicians, let's see who has books that rank at the top of Amazon, the indie band Survival Guide music marketing 101 music management for indie artists six steps to an effective marketing plan. And honestly, like none of these look very interesting, which is so interesting that this is such a popular niche and yet there's not a whole lot of books that are actually out there on this topic. Okay. So we can look for is we could we can click on any of these books and there's what I call an Amazon journey that you can go on, you click on a book, and you see what related books come up. Customers also bought how to make money in the new music business.

[1193:54] Speaker 0: Make music great music with ease, how to be successful in the music industry. Now we're tapping into what the music industry what books are actually out there that exists for various types of topics 24 notes for successful musicians. So this gives you ideas from other people that have already done a lot of work for you already and you're doing in market research, figuring out what's already out there in the marketplace for a very similar topic to what you help people with. And then what I like to do is I'll reverse engineer that into developing my course structure, developing out what I'm going to teach on a webinar, developing out what I'm going to have in my coaching program and the result that I'm promising to people. And so that's a lot of it's a big part of like the market research process to be able to do that. Bev says, Do you do your webinar on Saturdays in your group, or just do it on Zoom? Aye.

[1210:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Aye, do it across all platforms, as well as on Zoom. I just signed will stream it. Or the VIP does not cover the ad spend that covers about 40% of it covers about 40% of the ad spend. And in the beginning, it only covered 20% The VIP is not intended for me to be making money with the reason why I actually charge money for the VIP is to make sure that there's actually legitimately serious people in front of me.

[1218:11] Speaker 0: Because I want to make sure that whoever's on the VIP is serious enough to make an investment to listen to me about something.

[1220:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, we have over 150 people that registered for this five day 100 160 Actually, who registered for this five day intensive that we have going on right now. Let me see if I can pull this up in my MailChimp. I'm just gonna show y'all 158 people there were two people that that unsubscribed so 160 158 people for this event in MailChimp right here. Okay. We have under audience that we have 55 people grab the VIP out of the 160. Okay. How many are on here live asking questions 15. And that's normal. As it was not a priority for other people to Well, we had people leave to read, I think we had like 2020 something. We had 25 people the first day. Okay, so maybe 50% have been here live, I would be willing to bet the other 50% watch the recording, right? You might be watching the recording. And don't get offended by me saying that you're not here. You're not serious. I know you're serious. That's why you're watching the recording. Okay, but there are some people and they will never hear me say this, they won't even though by the VIP, they won't ever watch the recording, they won't ever go through it. Why can I explain why?

[1242:49] Speaker 0: Because it used to bother me. They're addicted to signing up for stuff because it feels like they're doing something.

[1245:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: But they don't actually consume it. And the action of buying a VIP or buying a course serves an internal need to feel like they have information that they can use some time in the future. And generally, I never hear from those people, they never actually work with me join my accelerator than ever produced results. They're also the number one group of people that complain the most because they never went through the content. And they're complaining about work than ever did. So in working with 1000s of people, that's just the case. That's how that's how people are.

[1254:50] Speaker 0: So instead of me trying to figure out because I used to spend a lot of time on how can I help those people show up more and engage more and take it seriously and all this? I had a great conversation with one of my mentors. And they said, that's the wrong approach. You need to focus in on the ones who actually show up. The ones who actually are there to listen, the ones who are actually there leaning in asking questions, what are they dealing with? What are they going through? What are their struggles? What is stopping them from succeeding? Everybody else can play catch up to the ones that are actually taking action. Right? Does that make sense? You know, and so as far as that goes, it used to really bother me because I'm like, gosh, there's people, they buy the VIP and they don't get results from what they bought from me for 27 bucks.

[1267:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I had to realize that my concern that was connected to even some deep codependency that I was dealing with, where I was making it my responsibility to make sure that everybody got a result from what they invested in as far as that goes. It's just it's not possible to and in fact, it does people a disservice when you start trying to do that. Because now they start to become dependent on you pushing them to do something. And how many of y'all have ever dealt with people like that? We're like maybe you have a teenager that you've dealt with like that they won't clean their room unless you like, take something away right. Now, of course, teenagers that's how they are Right, my son, he, he always wants to eat guacamole. If we have Chipotle, and he'll cry if we don't give him the guacamole, because he really loves it, and it says literally his favorite food next to bananas, right? As guacamole from Chipotle, he's just his favorite food ever. It's like goes nuts, not any other guacamole, just Chipotle guacamole. And he loves it. And so, but he might not necessarily always eat other foods that we might present to him. He's one years old. So right now we're at a stage where we're just letting them play. And it's actually helps their development to let them play with their food. And to do that, and then he'll want a bottle later and we'll give him a bottle and he's, you know, he's, trust me, he ain't malnourished at all. He's got he's, he's a big grown boy. So. But as far as that goes, like, realize that not everybody is going to do what we want them to do. And sometimes people aren't ready yet. Sometimes they're not at that stage yet. Sometimes they might be dealing with certain things. I let go of trying to figure that out. And I just focus in on the ones who are, are engaged. My son, he's not into things that I think he'll be interested in when he's older. Like he's like, he's not into video games at all. Yeah, he's a year old.

[1302:44] Speaker 0: But he loves if I sing the wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round right now he's just like,

[1304:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? So I'm gonna sing the wheels on the bus go round and round like 1020 30 times a day if I need to, because it's literally his favorite thing. So and that's, that's a big part of it is that is that sometimes when we're coaching, we got to realize people aren't always going to do what we want them to do. But we want to meet people where they're at and what what can we help and encourage them to do, where they're at and where they're coming from? That's basically what I wanted to get to on there. So All righty, thank you can't make it tomorrow or Friday live, but I watched the recording. Awesome, Brenda. I know you'll love it. All right, everybody. Have a good one. And I will see y'all tomorrow. Talk soon.

