2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2024-04-13T21:51:58.000Z
Duration: 106 min
Otter ID: XczQh1rUpfzO5RbrUYczD4wNZYM
---

[0:35] Speaker 0: All right

[4:26] Speaker 1: in this

[8:30] Speaker 1: Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome into today's live q&a. I hope you're doing great. I hope you're having a great time today. I'm glad you're here. I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited to take your questions today to serve you.

[16:45] Speaker 1: On a very high level and listen we can today is your day. tongue in cheek, like I said, if you want to throw pie in my face today, you can totally do so. Virtually of course. Let's go log into our restream platform. Can I tell you how like completely just relaxed, nonchalant I am about literally everything. Right now. It's so amazing. I'm excited. I'm going on a cruise in the Caribbean

[27:51] Speaker 1: next week, and so that'll be fun. Bonus live q&a. Join us live on Zoom, the Facebook group. So listen, if you got questions, raise your hand. You have access to somebody who has built businesses to over $20 million a year built to help build global movements with some of the world's top leaders. Some people I actually can't even say their names some people, you know, you might know who they are things like that. And so I would recommend if you got questions here today on an owl I want to take whatever you're doing even if you're just trying to make your first $1,000. So raise your hand ask questions as far as that goes. Good morning, Tiffany, how are you? Good afternoon, it's want to join us on zoom by jumping into this with the Facebook group here and grabbing the Zoom link. So if I'm streaming it out to all these platforms, I don't put the Zoom link because

[46:14] Speaker 1: bad actors exists in the world and so we don't want them to

[47:55] Speaker 1: jump in we'll talk about bad actors. I'm talking about people with ill intentions exist. We could do all that. In fact, the more good you do, let's say that let's flip it. The more good you do the more people you impact the more righteous you are the more aligned with your calling you are the worst you will have a bad actors people disliking you people being disappointed with you. It's a good thing.

[57:14] Speaker 1: Okay, streaming custom streaming service lessons. So hey, raise your hand if you got a question or speak up if you don't know how to raise your hand. Whatever that is. Can y'all hear me? Flip my let me flip my microphone. Better mic here. We got a better mic there. Can y'all hear me? Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello. Can y'all unmute and speak up or say something? What's up y'all? This is a live interaction and interaction act as if we're in the in a room together. I get it maybe you're embarrassed stuff like that. Again, I said this yesterday, I don't mean to be harsh. But you you can't expect to build a business if you just sit back and

[70:03] Speaker 1: and don't say anything and be quiet and safe in your little corner. And I hope that that offends some people. Because we live in a world today where like, if that's you, and that's how you've been for 30 years, like you need to like, step up. I guarantee I know when you're with your friends, you're talking. You're asking questions, you're saying things you're leaning in. For some reason when it comes to the internet when it comes to putting yourself out there when it comes to talking and communicating. Verbally on a zoom call. People just stay silent they stay in the background. Why is that? Well, I'm not in a good place where I can then go somewhere else you can that you can be easily heard where it is. Anybody anybody wants to talk? Hi, not Hey, what's up, Tiffany?

[83:24] Tiffany Quinones: I can't show my face because it's 11am where I'm at. And I'm sitting here in my PJs, but I wanted to get on and listen in and see what what's what we got going on the day. But there you go. Oh, well, yesterday, you said something very. I could totally relate because you said it again this morning, just now. Well, right now, about showing up and not you were talking about. And then I had to go to work. But then I had to log off. But you were talking about people that are in the group, that you're coaching group, and the people that show up the most how you will answer their questions and and you will, what's the word engage a little bit more with them and

[97:36] Speaker 1: more, I'll lead with them. I'll lean in more with them. And I'll design all my trainings for them. Yeah. And then I have people they expect me to just read their mind. And they just sit around and or they're waiting for me to be smart enough to finally get a clue as to what they want. I've had people telling me that they're like, Well, here's the thing, Jeremiah, you're the expert, get a clue is what we want, or stop acting like an idiot. And I'm like, You have no idea what you're talking about. When it comes to how this business works on the internet. Maybe that's what a traditional university and a corporate job are. We're not in that space. So don't bring your corporate BS here. That's what I want to tell people. You know what I'm saying?

[108:28] Tiffany Quinones: Right? Yeah, you gotta just gotta show up. I know before. Whenever I would join, like coaching groups and stuff, I would sit well, even in like school, I would sit in the back of the class because of my belief system. But now it's like, oh, I can show up.

[113:07] Speaker 1: Yeah, forward, move forward. Exactly. It's funny. Space. I just came up with this on the fly where I was like, I posted this on my on my social media, or is it Jeremiah? Just our super fun, spicy lunchtime q&a. We have a saying down here in Texas. If you can't handle the heat get out of the Tex Mex restaurant. What do you think about that? Tiffany?

[123:08] Tiffany Quinones: I like Texas. That's awesome. Yes, Texas is amazing.

[125:10] Speaker 1: But this is our this is our super fun. Spicy lunchtime q&a session.

[126:16] Tiffany Quinones: Well, then let's make it super spicy fun.

[127:12] Speaker 1: I've already done it. We've already done it. We got you.

[127:49] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, that's. That's true. Thank you.

[128:36] Speaker 1: You and I are here talking. That makes it spicy. Yes. So my wife today I said I said, Because Halston. He's, people ask him what you know, what are you? Right? You know, the people say that, like, what are you ever had anybody asked you that? Tiffany? What are you? Well, I'm an

[133:17] Tiffany Quinones: American, all the time. Yeah. And I

[134:23] Speaker 1: said, my, my son can be like, Well, I'm a I'm a TexMex. Because he's born in Texas. And he's, he's half will New Mexican. My wife's Native American Spanish from Spain and Mexican. That's what her parents are. And then a bunch of European white stuff. And then I'm European white stuff. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That sums it up. Right. Yeah. And then I German I got a lot of German. I think. If you go to Germany to look at people, they look like me. What?

[145:47] Tiffany Quinones: I said, Uh huh. Yes, we're

[146:10] Speaker 1: Ireland. I got Irish, the red hair, English, German, Belgian. Some polish. Little bit of I think some Russian in there too. So Halston is like all of that? In one person, in general, you know, so it's like, yeah, what are you? Well, I'm from Texas. I'm from Austin, Texas. Austin, Texas really is a beautiful melting pot. It's such a great city.

[153:59] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, I loved being in Austin. For the conference.

[155:13] Speaker 1: I was here as a man Yeah, to explore it all. Did you get to go do anything I

[156:16] Tiffany Quinones: did. I purposefully stayed extra extra days. So I actually left that Friday. And I did. I went to a nice restaurant, and treated myself the waiter. Look sounded like Matthew McConaughey. So I was like, I like this. Then it started right. And then it started pouring. I was just grateful that the Uber drivers knew how to drive. It could have been I don't know, but

[165:10] Speaker 1: it could have been it could have been. That's funny.

[165:54] Tiffany Quinones: Everybody was so nice and Austin. They are

[166:56] Speaker 1: and they're genuine too. It's not like steak knives like Bill let you know if they don't like you here. Yeah. But if they're nice like they're actually like they really mean it. Like it's not like other places like people that are nice in Texas are well not necessarily all of Texas. I would say Austin, I would say in Dallas, you got a lot of fake Nice. San Antonio is pretty authentic. I love San Antonio. If you want good authentic Mexican food, woof San Antonio. Anyways, yeah. Matthew McConaughey. Did you know that he co owns part of the Austin soccer team FC Austin?

[177:18] Tiffany Quinones: I did not. And a

[177:50] Speaker 1: couple of my buddies. My wife's uncle has season tickets here. So it was my pastor at my church. How does that pastor at a church that works at Starbucks have season tickets right here next to the team? How does he have that? Well, his wife owns a propane company. And they were actually gifted to him. He literally had this is where the team is my pastors seats are right next to the team right there. Nice. That's pretty awesome. And he's an amazing guy. Brandon Melendez. Oh, my goodness. I posted a picture with him on my social media the other day. Anyways, this is our q&a time. If any of y'all have a question, raise your hand posted in the chat. Otherwise, Tiffany and I are just gonna be talking about Austin and sports.

[190:36] Tiffany Quinones: I went to a spa in a spa. I sure did.

[192:22] Speaker 1: Oh, nice. Brandon Melendez. That's Oh, so be Dez This is him. Oh, man. He don't even let me follow him on social media. That's him and his wife. And they got poor. They got four kids. That's one. That's little one right here. He's like, seven now, which is funny. So that's an old picture. But yeah, this is this is where we go to church. It's a fun place. They were doing baptisms this week, right here. So

[199:54] Tiffany Quinones: it looks like a cool pastor. He

[200:25] Speaker 1: is this is our other one. And he just married this girl from Brazil. He just got married, like, three months ago. Nice. He was featured on The Voice. Oh, Blaze. recoupable. Yeah. So yeah. So he was on the voice. He's our other pastor. They're co pastors what they are. He's like the he's like the like, Mr. Cool. Like, you know, he's all about like, just looking super cool. And all that Brandon looks cool, too. But he's more of a he's more. He's got four kids. So he's a he's a he's a daddy, who? He looks great. I mean, he's in shape, too, and everything like that. But anyways, anybody got any questions? This is our live bonus q&a time. It's funny. People don't ask questions. They don't they don't actually want the truth is what it is. They want what people want is they want me to give them a version of the answer that that's more palatable to them that makes them feel good. So when we host to host a q&a like this, Tiffany, do you have any questions? Since we got you here?

[218:54] Tiffany Quinones: Well, um, it couldn't be any question or? Yeah, does it have to be the one because I honestly, I wasn't able to watch like, all of your three days, but I have watched some of them

[223:04] Speaker 1: recommend definitely watching all of day three, especially. Okay, I think it's gonna really help you a lot. Like especially with what I talked about at the very end of it. So and then the VIP from day two and day three was really really good.

[227:53] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, so I was able to catch I think, because I was at work also, but I was able to catch I think a big part of day one. I'm gonna go back and rewatch it. I have this weekend off so I actually had a MailChimp question.

[233:43] Speaker 1: You had a MailChimp question. What's up? Okay, so moving away from MailChimp just because it's starting to get too expensive. I don't want to pay $600 a month for the same service I can get from another software for 70 bucks a month. Oh, yeah. Yeah, no, but it's a little bit more complicated to use another software. Here's the cool part about that with MailChimp. cuz it's very easy to switch software's. It's not hard. So like, if you're starting with them, they're super cheap, and they're great. But then they they enter into this sort of like, extortion agreement. Oh, where they started extorting you for your, for your data for your money. And they just start charging you more. I mean, Rick Pino was paying them two grand a month. And honestly, yikes, he could have with another software could have paid maybe 600. So, I mean, that's it right there. You know what I'm saying?

[250:24] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah.

[251:02] Speaker 1: Yeah, so I've been doing as I've been going through right now, between now and the summer, we're auditing all of our business expenses, I'm probably spending like 10 grand a month on expenses that I don't need to. Just because as you grow a lot at the beginner level, so a lot of y'all a lot of y'all. This is literally one of the areas that people stay stuck on. And so I want to address this, Tiffany, if I can, just before I can go for Absolutely. A lot of people, they get stuck, because they want to know what the best software is what the best software is always going to be the most expensive. Always. Okay. That's usually the case with just about everything, the best coaching program is always going to be expensive. The best version of the coaching program, right? Whether it be one on one coaching or group coaching. And, and I mean, now, I would say I have had a lot of people, they've been a part of 15 $20,000 programs, and they tell me all the time that my program for, you know, $2,000 a year is better than a 20k program that they paid for with somebody else that they were in for two years. So I love that. But at the same time, you know, our content is not the most organized. We're fixing that. Tiffany, like, for instance, as I organize the content, guess what happens once the content is better organized. price goes up again. price goes up to officially it'll stay at 300 bucks a month. I'm gonna lock it at 200 a month until we get everything organized. And then I'm going to pull the limiter off and make it 300 a month. Once I know that, it's like the world's best experience for our clients. You know, and what's crazy is is yeah, like our business is making seven figures and yet we don't have the world's best experience for our clients. It's and that's where some of y'all are, like, you got such a mindset that's thinking that oh, it has to be perfect before I can put everything out there and be willing to succeed. As far as that goes, I have to let people have a mindset I have to make sure that I get everybody results 100% of my clients results and I need to not disappoint anybody. Ever. As far as that goes. Honestly, it's because your brain is wired. And I know this, your brain is wired within flexibility. You're unable to be flexible. When it comes to how you look how you appear, how you show up. And you need to manage and maintain an outward appearance of perfection at all times to the point that you're not even real and you're limiting yourself from even being able to reach people and here's where here's why I here's what I had to realize with this. There are some there are okay, I don't want to yell here but there are scammers on the internet. And you'll and I have a statement I've started to say lately as I eat scammers for breakfast. I eat their lunch because I hate scammers more than anything else with a passion I hate people I do like hatred towards people that manipulate other people to exploit money out of them and steal from them I can't stand it at this and here's the thing at the same time. I have a paradigm that I have to look at every single day that what I teach people can enable a scammer if a scammer started doing what I teach you know what I mean? Tiffany? Yeah, ill intentions to steal from people and defraud them and scam them if they followed what I teach 100% They could scam people very well, very effectively.

[322:54] Speaker 1: And what's funny is because of that, I have a lot of people who accused me falsely, right? From being a scammer. There like you're just like all those you don't ever you've never held a single person your entire life, you've never produced even more than a penny on the internet. Like, what the hell are you talking about? But like, that's what I get the comments I get from people daily. Not from clients from people that are like, they haven't paid me any money. They're like, they sign up for my free stuff. They watch a few YouTube videos. And now they've created a case against me, or I am, you know, the most egregious scammer on the planet because their rule of thumb is, it's they're inflexible. They're so rigid and thinking, if it looks like a duck walks like a duck talks like a duck that it must be. So they're like, Well, if he looks like a scammer walks like a scammer talks like one that he must be right. And then they look my name up, they see that I went to jail, I talked about how I went to jail four times. And that starts to paint a picture of home. Maybe Jeremiah is somebody that is unsafe to be around. Maybe he is somebody who is actually legitimately harming people and scamming them. And then because I am literally so irreverent with how I show up, I don't care about managing my reputation. It creates this sort of profile in people's minds to where they assume what I am. Right? That's the perception. So I had the guy yesterday, he said, How do I make sure to not be perceived as a scammer? How do I make sure to not be perceived as one of these bad actors that are out there? And I literally I answered, I said, you literally you can't worry about that. Because let like just let people think whatever they want to think it's not your job to manage people's opinions of you. It's not your job to control. If somebody likes you or agrees with you, or what they think about you. And by the way, if what I'm saying right now is making you feel uncomfortable. Don't build a business ever. Either. Work on why that is that what I'm saying is making you feel so uncomfortable and fix it. Or don't build a business ever. Period in this industry of coaching, courses, memberships, because you've got to learn how to sell. Alright, rant over. Tiffany, MailChimp question what's going on?

[366:02] Tiffany Quinones: I think that's what I was supposed to hear today. So thank you, Mike. Yeah,

[367:40] Speaker 1: let me pause you hear Tiffany? Yeah. You know how many people tell me Jeremiah? I can't stand you because I asked a question about MailChimp and bless God, he spent 10 minutes talking about ish, that doesn't matter to me, that was a waste of my effing time. Have some respect? I have respect for people. That's why I do what I do.

[374:08] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, thank you. That's why I have respect for

[374:43] Speaker 1: you and respect for everybody else that's here. That's why I do what I do. But if people are so inflexible with their thinking that they need such rigid structured to put me into a little tiny box of academia University corporate America or how they can control me whatever that is. Not not nada. Not a thing that I am concerned about. As far as that goes, What's up, Tiffany?

[384:31] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, wow. Um, ah, are you reading my mail? Okay, so the question I have been, you know, I've been getting great results because I've been updating everyone in the in the group and on the calls. I was wondering with MailChimp. Is there a way to buy is there a way to automate the emails? Is there okay? I want to be able to create a series of emails to go out and I want to what's the word? Pre write them so I can just automate them, they can be sent.

[398:06] Speaker 1: What's the words when are they going out to people?

[399:07] Tiffany Quinones: Um, I try to do it every single day. Although I fell behind and I was like, Oops, I need to get back on it. So I sent one yesterday. But is there a way to? Um, what is the words? Why is my brain? Where did it go? Let me I'm sorry. I had it in my my head.

[406:36] Speaker 1: Okay that's probably what I put on the screen as what distracted you?

[408:49] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, that's a good book. He's a good anyway,

[409:34] Speaker 1: good book recommended.

[410:51] Tiffany Quinones: Do you know okay, you know how we can set up emails to be sent at different times where we're not like, we can automate them? You have a choice in MailChimp to send them now or send a specific time. Yeah. Okay. Is there a way to set that up? All at once? Or do we have to go in and write one email and then create the time?

[418:59] Speaker 1: All at once? So like,

[420:19] Tiffany Quinones: you know, is I've

[420:37] Speaker 1: sent too many emails they need me they want more money.

[421:58] Tiffany Quinones: Oh. So in in your MailChimp course you talk about there's a it's automations it's a series that we like we're welcoming new contacts. Is there a way to set up emails like that? Do you know I'm talking about like the journeys? Yeah. prebuilt journeys. Can we do that?

[429:05] Speaker 1: We're under automation journeys. Lesson Six. Okay. Perfect. So what's next of this? So this is did you go through this? Okay, did you go through this lesson?

[434:09] Tiffany Quinones: Not yet. I got I stopped it lesson. I'm done with lesson four. And I haven't completed the course. But I had this question come up yesterday as I was walking into my job, because they changed.

[438:03] Speaker 1: They changed what I was showing in the course here. It's a little bit different now. So but yeah, this is a great, this is a great course right here on MailChimp. And then this one is all about using journeys to be able to be able to do this. So basically, you go in you can create a journey. They also now they have like aI journeys even. Uh huh. So they're automations like, you can also do all I have classic automations I don't think everybody has that because I found out AI powered journeys. So yeah, so you can kind of it can help you build these out. There's some popular pre built journeys that you can go through. And so it's a customer journey that takes people from they signed up to sending their information from one thing to another as far as that goes. So like when somebody signs up on a page like this

[454:09] Speaker 1: they sign up here. A bunch of stuff is happening behind the scenes. Generally this is going into MailChimp. If I moved to another software, I'm still gonna use Squarespace. And that's my Squarespace is awesome that it links through Zapier, so I'll probably have to use Zapier and then it'll send it from Squarespace to Zapier. Zapier is so easy to use, too. It's like you just kind of have you use Zapier.

[460:53] Tiffany Quinones: No, no.

[461:56] Speaker 1: And you can get a free account and you can use it to the point where you can learn it for free. Very easily like so like you can set up okay, unlimited zaps. You can do 100 tasks a month for free. And then I mean most people generally they'll go with the professional version and then I'll have like the 60 bucks a month version and it does everything I need. It's like having a staff member that can do all these little things for me, I probably should make a dedicated Zapier course to for our members area. The problem is I just I have so many courses, right so like that's why I have I have it in different courses. I show you how to do different stuff, but I'm sure upcoming. The way that I'm organizing the members area we finally came up with what it's going to be we're going to have what I what we call like the Start Here beginners track journey. We're going to have what we call like intermediate classes, and then we're going to have what's basically called the learning library. And the Learning Library is where like Zapier classes go and things like that. Looks kinda like they're not required. But like, if you want to just study Zapier, it'll be in there. Yeah. So I'm gonna keep like the essential stuff under beginner and intermediate level like, you know, courses. So like Facebook ads for beginners will be in beginner level Facebook ads optimization, Facebook ads, how to not get your ads account shut down, that would be an intermediate level course. So, yeah,

[487:12] Tiffany Quinones: awesome. Well, thank you, I will definitely finish the MailChimp course this weekend. Oh, yeah, that's my intention. That's

[489:04] Speaker 1: the thing, we're not removing any of the courses or content from the members area of the accelerator. We're just going to reorganize it. So it's 1,000% Easier to like, go along the track. And what I did was my wife and I, and I actually, I actually, he doesn't know it. It's funny. My next door neighbor doesn't realize he's helped me with this, but I have secretly, I need to tell him that he helped me with this. He's obsessed with board games, loves them. Like on every level, he's like, if like what I know about video games, he's the same way with board games. And he plays video games, too. He's got three kids, and he's got all the same video game stuff I do. So we like, talk all the time about video games. And I was just chatting with him for like an hour this morning. And our front yard is awesome. Well, we have a garage sale day here in our neighborhood. So he was hosting a garage sale. And I got a bunch of really cool stuff for like 37 bucks, which was awesome. All that to say, he helped me with his knowledge of board games and things like that how to like create that sort of sequential path that we move people along. And again, I've been studying how like books like a quarter Thorn and roses, Narnia video games like Zelda novels like Game of Thrones. Even like how you study working on a car, or an automobile or things like that. How like television series have like episode 1234. You know what I mean? And it keeps people engaged. As far as that goes. All of that we need to bake into our process of how we lead people. And I'm getting better at doing that. And it starts with our members area in our coaching group, creating sort of a like, Okay, we start here, this is where you learn the rules. It's like a, it's like a beginner tutorial. That's what our Fast Start call is going to be on Wednesday, next week. It's gonna, it's probably gonna be the best Fast Start call we've ever done. Because we're really going to focus in on like that new style of doing things. And all of that. And, again, I don't think I'm going to have everything done by the time we go on the cruise, but we're making progress behind the scenes. It's an undertaking to take 47 classes. Oh, yeah. And restructure. And I'm not even moving platforms, I'm just rearranging where they are all at, to simplify it. Because when I started the program, I had five classes. So if you can start with this in mind, where you're kind of like, okay, here's our beginners. Here's where we start. Here's like, Okay, people then everybody started asking me can you give me a bird's eye view funnel strategy? Can you give me MailChimp? Can you give me zoom? Can you do all this? So like it's ballooned up into like, 48 classes that are in our members area. And I'm not taking any of them down, because they're all great. They're all amazing. They all literally could stand alone by themselves and sell for $1,000 Each, because they have that value, but organizing the process that I take people through, that's where it's at. So we got you guys, we got you covered.

[542:54] Tiffany Quinones: Well, thank you. I really appreciate it. Yep. All right.

[544:17] Speaker 1: That was Donald said that was one of the biggest complaints because we sent so when people when people after like their six months is up in the accelerator. And they write us and they're like, Hey, I don't want anything to do with you anymore. And I'm like, okay, cool. Awesome. Actually, my team member says that I don't even say it. We send another email out which 95% of people don't respond to at all. But we send an email out that says, hey, how could we have done better? How could we have improved? How could we have done better in the training and we usually get to one of two three responses as what we've gotten for the last six months. Number one, Jeremiah is great. I'm just not ready yet. It's too expensive. He's awesome. I love his stuff. Number two is Everything's disorganized, my head is spinning, I can't figure out where to start where to go. So we have been working behind the scenes solving that. Number three, it's usually somebody who's just really nasty and wants me to hurt and wants to basically destroy me mentally. And so they send me just like some sort of, like, Mortal Kombat, like trying to defeat me and break my spirit type email that tries to basically tell me that I should like, not be in business and why and all the egregious reasons as to why I'm the worst possible human they've ever met. So I usually get one of those three versions of emails from people on the way out the door, when they after their six months is up, so. And what's great is if I get triggered by any of those, I that's, that's, I'm thankful because now it's something I can talk with my therapist about something I can grow past. Ai How many of y'all got triggered by me during the last couple of days? I hope you did. It's part of my goal. It's part of my mission to to tell you the truth because otherwise if I stay silent, and I just give people what they want to hear and I'm super passive and and I'm not actually saying what's going to help people get results

[582:29] Speaker 1: Haley Haley said hello. Is the membership available right now? Yes, it is. Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator. There you go. There's the link. You can jump in right there somebody else asked where's the accelerator going? Somebody who's raising their hand Yeah, so I got super triggered by you. Thank you for making us experience making the experience better for us I appreciate it. Please don't water your message down out. Yeah, you know what, but that's the thing you say that Tiffany but then when I don't water my message down I get messages from people that like are just like you know

[594:20] Speaker 1: they're not happy with the fact that I'm not doing what I should

[597:09] Speaker 1: you're always gonna get that you're always gonna get people and that's why this book is so good so valuable, not nice. Stop people pleasing staying silent, feeling guilty and start speaking up for yourself and another book is the disease to please this one changed my life. curing the people pleasing syndrome by Harriet Baker PhD curing the people pleasing syndrome it's about the fact that basically people pleasing is a it's similar to a gambling addiction, as what it is, people pleasing is quite similar to a drug and alcohol addiction as well. Because oftentimes, it doesn't give us what we want, but the payoff happens just enough that we keep doing it and demanding other people do the same thing for us. What's wrong with being a people pleaser? Plenty you do not want to be a people pleaser. people pleasers are not just nice people who go overboard. Those who suffer are people who say yes when they really mean no. For them, the uncontrollable need for the elusive approval of others is an addiction. Their debilitating fear of anger and confrontation forces them to use niceness as a self defense camouflage. Frequent Oprah guest and this is an older book too. I checked out some of her other books. She's got another one too. Just this one right here, I need to listen to it. There's no image, who's pulling your strings how to break the cycle of manipulation and gain control of your life. explains how depression low self esteem, anger and feelings of helplessness are caused by relationships with manipulative people. Did you know that manipulative people are everywhere. They especially show up in coaching programs, they especially show up and mentor ships, they especially show up on three classes like this that I'm doing. Because they want to learn how to manipulate other people to get money out of them. And quite frankly, what I teach will be able to do that if that's their intention. But I would say let's do better. Let's make our intention not just be to get money out of people, but to actually produce results for people to actually help them to actually help them get to where They want to go to actually help people to deliver on the promises that we have made to them. How many y'all have bought into coaching programs or courses from people. And the mentor did not deliver on even 20% of what they said they were going to do. It's disgusting. It's terrible. The problem is this, we're afraid of doing the same thing. We're afraid of being the very thing that hurt us. We're afraid of being the monster that tried to take us out.

[653:31] Speaker 1: Jordan Peterson actually has a statement where he says you want to be a monster under control. Where you can, you're not harmless. You don't want to be harmless. You want to be under control where you are choosing. That's what a person of integrity is. A person of integrity has power under control. They're not controlled or manipulated by people's disappointment, anger, money, time, the things people say. If you can be manipulated by the things that people say, you will live a very sad life you will that's really what it is sad life. And that's why I don't want to manipulate anybody into my coaching program ever. I want to present something that is valuable. Something that can help people something that we can help people dial in their sales copy, put their offer together, dial in their niche, get more sales, so that they can have more results, more consistency, more reliability, in how they show up so that they can achieve financial freedom, time, freedom, mental freedom. But it starts with being disciplined. And discipline is not punishment. That's a huge distinction that a lot of people get wrong. They think that discipline means punishing yourself into doing the right things, or punishing others into doing the right things self control, that's a better term for it. Because I think sometimes the word discipline, right, gets confused. Self control is one of the greatest things

[692:00] Speaker 1: that are going to make you a lot of money. The problem is this. A lot of people are putting self control towards the wrong things. They're putting self control towards.

[697:24] Speaker 1: And that's not necessarily the wrong things. I think self control is good, but they're putting an undue amount of energy towards a certain subset of things, is what it is. So like, for instance, I know a lot of people, they exercise a lot of self control when it comes to scrolling social media. They exercise a lot of self control when it comes to watching Netflix or Disney or television. They exercise a lot of self control when it comes to what they eat. Which by the way, I think that's that's that's great. And that's important. But willpower can only take you so far, your business might start off of willpower, but it will not sustain itself. You know, I have people all the time they tell me Jeremiah, you know you had you had one message six months ago, and now you're just off the deep end teaching just be us that doesn't help people. I understand maybe where they're coming from because they're blind. And they don't actually understand that what I'm teaching you right now is stuff that I just didn't necessarily have the language for six months ago, and I've been developing it during that time, behind the scenes. But it was actually what I wanted to bring out forth to people. And so I'm thankful for the people that are disappointed in me today. For who I am. I'm thankful for the people that dislike For me today for who I am, I am blessed today for the people who are upset by the fact that I am not who I was before. You know, I've made a couple of posts on my social medias over the last couple of days right here, that some people, I think, think that I went off the deep end and lost my mind entirely. You know, I've gotten a letter saying, Jeremiah, I think you've lost your mind entirely. My mom has been getting those letters for years, you have lost your mind entirely. You've just gone nuts. So no, I'm just not the same controllable person I was before. So I put this on here right now. And I've been talking about this really for the last week or so.

[737:23] Speaker 1: A lack of integrity is often caused by extremism in one direction. A balance and understanding the multi dimensional thinking is how our reality operates. Light and Dark grace and truth, whimsical play, and logical discipline, extremes just cause more problems and they help in general, be more flexible, my friends. One of the single greatest forms of self discipline is going to bed early, right when the sun goes down, waking up early and starting work when it's up. A lot of people say that they are a night owl. My mom made some great posts on her social media about that scientifically. If you are concerned about some people disliking, you don't build a business. Sadly, they don't teach this in business classes. They teach you to manage and maintain your reputation. And this is where I started to get spicier. People who have to punish you for no longer tolerating their disrespect are not your people. And they did you a favor by leaving your life. Don't try to chase them back. Don't try to win their favor. I'm glad for people who want nothing to do with me because I won't put up with their disrespect. My life is better because they are no longer in it. I'm not the same person who tolerated being bullied by people that I used to be. And then I put this one up. And this one was interesting. No likes no engagement, the algorithm wouldn't even push it out to people. Very interesting, right? It was one of the most important powerful statements I could make. But for some reason the the social media algorithms did not engage because I think it was too much truth out of context a little bit and I made a part to post this morning. I posted this before I went to bed and then went to bed. I you know I chose there's a funny statement. They chose violence today look. So I chose violence. They chose violence today a humorous idiomatic phrase used to express when somebody is committed to making their own choices, regardless of disapproval for others, they chose violence today. So that's exactly that's exactly what this post is right here. In the coaching online course membership space, the number one indicator, and this is fact, this is truth. And I will and I will stand on this hill and this mountain forever. The number one indicator is an increase in money. The number two is an increase in verbally angry disappointed emails from people who dislike your business. Both are very good to have every single time. These are what you want more of in your business. And I realized how maybe this could be misinterpreted. So I made a follow up part two posts I said Part Two, the most effective offers will be loved obsessively, by your best clients and despised by your worst critics. Don't try to be in between or it won't make any money. Be polarizing part two of what I posted your BEST OFFERS will absolutely be loved and hated. At the same time. You can't please everybody focus on the ones you're called to help the most. You have to be willing to get a little spicy. You have to be willing to be disliked by people to ever have a chance of anything in this business working for you. Period. Maybe three years ago that wasn't the case. We we You can't go back to three years ago, things aren't gonna get better. I'm just gonna wait on the Lord for him to improve things. No, no. Like, like, the internet is all changed. So you gotta either leave the internet, leave this whole dream of online marketing, putting a book out there launching a book. As you start to step into your identity and what you are called to do, you will be polarizing just by existing, you're not trying to be at all, intentionally, unnecessarily. Sometimes you are for the purpose of bringing your ads cost down. Listen, if I'm going to save my business 50% of my, my cost basis, by doing one small thing that's going to repel somebody. I'm gonna do it all day long. In fact, I think it's a fiduciary responsibility of mine, as a business owner to do those things.

[818:19] Speaker 1: What does fiduciary responsibility mean?

[821:12] Speaker 1: The legal and ethical obligation that prevents somebody from acting in their own interest instead of the organization's fiduciary responsibilities are important because they protect their assets from misuse of power, conflicts of interest, greater transparency and accountability and promote a higher level of professionalism from its leaders. A person with fiduciary duty is called a fiduciary, my business as a corporation, an S corporation in the state of Texas that has established and pays taxes like crazy to the US government. Thank God, I don't have to pay to Texas yet. Because, you know, we keep our profits below the threshold where Texas asks us to pay? Well, actually, we do pay, we'd have a we have unemployment, that's actually we do pay, I pay a couple couple 100 bucks a month? No, yeah, I pay a couple 1000 bucks a month to Texas, just to have a corporation and to be its sole employee. So yeah, there is that. But besides that, right, not off on our profits, I pay way more than that to the to the federal government. It's your responsibility to act in the best interest of your clients the same way a lawyer would to care for your clients in their best interest to manage their assets in a powerful way. And for me to manage my assets and my business with the best interest of shareholders, who are the shareholders of my business, my wife and my son, and myself. They don't they don't technically have shares of the company. But but let's put it this way like it okay. If it all came down to it in divorce court, they would make, you know, they'd figure it out, they split the assets, so they own shares. I work for my wife and son. I work for my family. And then secondary comes my paid clients. I work for my clients like Tiffany. Like, Mary, Mary, I saw your book launch by the way, how's that been going for you? Marry

[858:44] Speaker 0: me, oh, it's been going really well. I'm actually like now I need to like start developing a community and I know that you are promoting that membership, you're talking about how to start a membership. And really, I need to really lock into that and learn how to do that and just to build momentum.

[866:16] Speaker 1: Well, building membership is no different than because you're already building a community with your book. So your book purchasers are a community, your email list, your social media followers, it's just they're in a different location. So a membership is just a location that you kind of corral them into. Okay, so it's kind of like, you know, if you got sheep and chickens and all this on a farm, and then we kind of corral them into members. That's a weird example. But like, I watched this TV show with my son called tractor Ted. And so like, that's literally like what I'm watching like, 24/7 it's just like, Okay, I gotta show you all what tractor TED is. Welcome to the farm with tractor Ted.

[878:36] Speaker 1: And he goes, doo doo it's a bit MUSIC It's on Amazon Prime. We watched it all the time.

[880:36] Speaker 0: That must be new. Because my kids didn't have that. It's so

[881:57] Speaker 1: good. It's such a great it's so good. Oh, that's interesting. We moved it off Amazon Prime and they have their own membership. I need to tell my wife that we need to sign up for tractor Ted TV. So look, they got a membership right here. So cheap look at that cost. Two British pounds a month. That's a British show. It's so cool. Look, they got all these like. I don't think my wife realizes they have so many products. Why is my house not filled with all this stuff? Maybe I don't need to show this to her just yet. No, I will have it well, like next week, we'll have like a million tractor Ted things, which is so funny. So But anyways, that is a community. And that's exactly flex has been doing that for the longest time. Disney. And let's do that example tractor Ted cars, you know, cars on Disney. or frozen, frozen on Disney. People gather around like a certain storyline. And now they buy the backpack, the lunch pail and all of that. So that's exactly what it is with what you're doing. Mary is you're building a community for them to buy, buy the stuff do we got? I think definitely like clothing would be a great thing for your community.

[904:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's I was just looking into that this morning. Um,

[905:18] Speaker 1: it's funny. I've been thinking like, I need to do some kind of a clothing but i don't i don't want like, I don't want to do like hats. I think that's silly. I don't want all my clients wearing hats. I think that's weird. Um, I want them to be themselves. I want you know, maybe something they can put on their wall somewhere or a journal. You know, I had some vivid I don't know how many people have had asked me how to sell journals. Yeah, and I every time I tell them, I wouldn't sell a journal until your business is making a million dollars and they get so offended. I have a I will. Never mind. She might be watching this video. And I don't necessarily want to go in her. I don't want to piss her off. It's somebody who's very close to my family. And quite frankly, I think I think it's completely I think it's interesting that that like, she got very upset when I was like, I wouldn't sell a journal until you're making you know, a million dollars and all that. Maybe not for her. She's doing whatever she wants. Mug color. I'm a mug collector. Yeah. Coffee mugs. That's cool. Maybe we'll sell coffee mugs. Cherylin says my journals don't sell for squat. Well, yeah, you without a community to buy mugs or journals, you're not going to sell anything. And I told this person, I was like, you should build a community and a membership and all this and she's like, Nah, I don't feel like I'm supposed to right now. Okay, cool. And like literally, she's like,

[931:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: just gone on to like, be like, very disapproving of everything that I do. But for some reason watches all my content. If you're watching Hello, you know who I'm talking about, you know, you know, yourself anyway.

[935:47] Speaker 1: I'll probably see you next week. And if you want to have a conversation, we can talk about it. So it's somebody that I see like, every, every, every couple of weeks in person, so we just run into each other all the time at the same location. That happens, you know, we live in communities, we live in communities, as far as that goes.

[942:38] Speaker 1: And I love helping people grow their communities. You know what I mean? Um, and when we when we're growing a community, it's about connection. But you're not going to connect with somebody that has to demonize everything that comes out of your mouth.

[950:14] Speaker 1: What I do is I just don't expect it from people nor do I engage I just disengage completely. It's possible. What's up Mary? How are you? Marry me, yes. So

[953:28] Speaker 0: question. Two, a follow up question is I have an idea for courses and I have an idea for membership. Is it is one better than the other or can I run both at the same time or when

[957:34] Speaker 1: you want to do both? Yeah, you want to do both at the same time? 100% Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. And they serve different purposes. Kind of again, um, yeah, your members Yep, should contain kind of all your stuff in one thing. So the idea is it's a container that gives them access to your world. Okay, but they can jump into a course, to hang out, they can join groups, you know, but then they don't have to be a member than they still get to be served in your world. Okay, membership is a commitment. Membership is, okay, I'm aligning myself with this person. Right? Now you this, every single person, and I mean, this 1,000%, who does not join my coaching program, I am so thankful that they have not aligned themselves with me because I don't want to be aligned with them. And I don't say it like, that sounds really cocky and rude. It's not like until you start to realize that, that that's not actually cocky or rude. Let me give you a great example. This, my pastor, my church has membership at my church does you know my wife and I are actually not members of our church. But I literally talk to my pastor at my church, and I call him my pastor at least once or twice a week, both of them. And I've never once felt unaccepted or guilt or guilted because I'm not a member of the church. I think that that's the right way to do it. You know, they had me they had me speak at the church. I'm not a member. I was a I was I was, but I'm friends with everybody. You know, members get different responsibilities. They get to vote on certain things. They there's there's certain commitments, and I just told them, like, I'm not here, I'm not willing to make those commitments to the church. Um, you know, we come couple times a month. We love it. We are my wife and I married we were talking this morning. We're like, it's such a breath of fresh air this week to not go to church on Sunday. Because we'd gotten the last like two three weeks, you know, so because then we're going to we're going to on a Disney cruise after this.

[997:02] Speaker 0: Oh, fun. You're gonna love that. Have you been on one I have in my honeymoon

[998:08] Speaker 1: was on one of my wife has been on this. My wife has been on this ship the fantasy? Like, five or six times?

[1000:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, we've done fantasy. Yeah. That it's, you

[1000:55] Speaker 1: know exactly. Yeah, I want to I want to show people just what you're what you're doing here so they can get a picture. So how do people usually find you marry?

[1004:12] Speaker 0: Um, I would say my biggest following is on Facebook.

[1005:54] Speaker 1: Yeah. And by the way, I mean, you just have amazing photography. It's awesome. Thank you. That's great photographs. Just like you look like a fun person that people want to hang out with and be a part of your world. Oh, thank you. How many y'all want to be a part of Mary's world when you see these? Right. And by the way, I hope that some of y'all some of y'all need to go follow Mary. So we all need to go pick up Mary's book. Yeah, cuz she gets it. Here's the thing. Mary, you embody your message. Yeah. Yeah. You are your message.

[1019:20] Speaker 0: Very much. So. That's, that's important. Yes, it is.

[1020:32] Speaker 1: It's very, it's important to me to that. Yeah, I embody my message to and I listen, I am not. I'm thankful that you're able to even like learn from me because I'm not I'm not super palatable to a lot of the more like Christian people as much these days as much as I used to be. I'm pivoting away from the Christian focus that I was at, to work just all business. Like I even see like some of our mutual friends here, like people that I love, like David Harris, Jr. Joshua Giles. kolel. Do you know kolel?

[1029:47] Speaker 0: Not personally, but

[1030:09] Speaker 1: he's a really good friend of mine. I talked to him all the time on the phone. With Georgie and Banawe, I talked to Georgia and all the time, too. There's Georgia and you went on a missions trip with Georgia and that's awesome. Yeah. So you know, amazing Georgia and is and yeah, I love Winnie too. She's, she's fun. Yeah, she's

[1037:22] Speaker 0: a lot of fun.

[1037:50] Speaker 1: All right. All right. So anyways, you find people through your Facebook. Y'all definitely need to jump into Mary's community. Oh, by the way, Mary, Mary, do we plan on you coming up here and me promoting you on here? And it wasn't pre planned. I literally I actually spent a couple hours like looking at all your content last night. I was just like, she's crushing it. You finally are like, you're at the alignment stage. Right? Everything just exploded. You

[1046:48] Speaker 0: now yeah, that's what I need help. I need help for the next. Now I need it. I I've invested so much in this book and getting it launched. I knew this would be the start of things. Now I need to build. Now I need to make money. I'll be honest with you. Yes. I've been pouring into

[1052:39] Speaker 1: most people don't know that then launch a book. They don't realize that just having that isn't what's going to make the finances.

[1054:09] Speaker 0: No, no, no, no, it's really the the courses, the speaking opportunities. That's where the the money will, you know, and it takes a lot of money to publish a book. I mean, to do it, right. Yes.

[1057:51] Speaker 1: Yeah, to do it. To do it, right. Yeah. So that's why last week, do you have a book Jeremiah? I don't, I'll probably self published one the first time just for where I'm at. And then once it just naturally evolves, I'll probably I'll just because my mom has had great book deals, I think her book deal was like, a million dollars or something for her book. So I know how to get there. You know, one of my other friends and clients. He has a book. It's called the telling right here. New York Times best seller right here. Really, by the way, an incredible book if you if you want to understand, like ancient Jewish wisdom, and how it applies to everyday life. That's such a great book. I listened to it like three times. So yeah, Mark Gerson. He's awesome. I don't think this is the same mark Gerson right here. Yeah, rabbis husband. He's incredible. His podcast is so cool. So anyways, community wise, you're doing it already. You're already building. But you're looking to do as monetize.

[1080:04] Speaker 0: Yes, this is so what I need to work on.

[1080:52] Speaker 1: I think you got a lot of great ideas. And I think a I would just take like, I love if can you block out? Can you find three to four hours of brainstorming time? In the next month? Okay, uninterrupted for three to four hours. Okay? Would you be able to do that?

[1086:16] Speaker 0: I can do that. Okay,

[1086:39] Speaker 1: three to four hours of uninterrupted brainstorming time. And then schedule a follow up time. That's one hour a week later after that. Okay. And then schedule up one more follow up time that is 15 minutes long.

[1092:00] Speaker 0: Okay. How much later?

[1093:19] Speaker 1: A week later, when we claim to brainstorm so basically, this is a three week plan that you can put yourself on. So we've number one, week one, three to four hours. And focus brainstorming, what I want you to do is start the first hour, just having fun listening to music, maybe reading whatever book watching to watch TV shows what like scrolling social media for like that first hour of this time. Okay, you're going for a walk, I want you to think of just really anything that's really, really fun for you to do for an entire hour at the beginning of this, okay? Okay. And then at the top of the hour, you're going to put it all away. Okay. And then you're gonna go into brainstorming and you're gonna start by just thinking about and you're gonna set the intention of I want to monetize my community. Okay. And really, when we set that intention, it's, we're saying, Okay, God, show me which path to take here. And so I like to start with like, the playful time, and then you'll start to get ideas during that time that will go into the next two to three hours. Okay, and you'll start writing stuff down, you'll start taking notes. And you'll start brainstorming these things. Maybe you'll do some research, maybe you'll write down and map out the different things that you're going to do. So once you feel like you're done, or you feel like maybe you've just hit your limit, you've overwhelmed yourself because if you do it, right, that's what's gonna happen. And you're gonna probably want to end it with like a really great high protein, high carbohydrate meal. Okay, so it's almost like fasting a little bit. But it's like taking the concept of fasting and shrinking it down to three to four hours. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. And so plan on like some kind of like, meal that's like high fat high carb high. Like, for me, it's a burger and wings, maybe some pizza. It's something like that, that like I know is like not going to be like the like the best food. But after this time, it's going to be really good because you, you sort of are pouring out a lot. And then what I like to do is I like to do that even have like a nice dessert. What ends up happening is, is and I would do this, like when you don't have anything to do the next day, either. Okay? So because then what will happen is a lot of these ideas will spill into the next day. And you might find you feel a little hungover a little bit. Kind of like you'll it'll feel like you say, like, you just like you poured out and spoke for like 20 days is what it's like. But I do this myself, often, for brainstorming, I just did it this past week. As far as this goes, Okay, so as part of this, then the next week, you're just gonna give yourself an hour to just brainstorm, refine some of the ideas. You know, and you're not going to do the whole, like, the like the like the long thing where you like, play, and then you have meat, you can eat, you know, I would eat something beforehand, as well, was whatever you're wanting beforehand. So for me, like I think what I what I do, I had pizza right here at the beginning of a time that I did this. And then I had a the next day I had a burger and I actually did it all night long. Like this was like this was Thursday night, actually, after my call, it helped me really refine what I wanted to teach for the last two days of the session. As I gave myself the whole night, I slept for like four hours, got out and I cleaned my whole house. And I watched like three movies, two TV shows that I wanted to while I was cleaning, listen to different music. So like, and by the way, I just got done with like a really heavy, like detox with my body, healing my gut and all of that. And so what I found was that, like, now I was able to handle maybe certain types of food because I was feeling that way. And it was able to take me to a place that mentally and you want to do it like, especially for what you're doing. You definitely want to do it like with God with prayer the whole time. You know what I mean? It's like feasting with the Lord, I guess is what you call it. It's a complete difference. Fasting, because you're fasting in between where you're pressing out, pouring out, squeezing, but then you're gonna feast at the end at the beginning and at the end. And so, um, and I thought it's so funny my mom does this to Rick Pino has done this. So often, I know, Joshua Giles as well. But I've never heard anybody put it together into like one idea as to how to do that. So like, we would do this frequently with Rick, where we would do an all day we'd go to breakfast, brainstorm, for six hours, have an incredible barbecue, come back the next day and do it for another day. And we would map out the entire year of marketing for his business. Wow, we would do the same thing for my mom, we would do the same thing for so I found I can do this in my everyday life by just kind of involving my wife and son into it where we just have fun and we're playing and all of that. Doing it more often when I need to press in here and then you get clarity on kind of what you're aiming for is how do I monetize this thing? Yeah. What structure should I put it and you'll start to get ideas. You'll write them down. Then you can bring those onto our calls and the accelerator. Okay, I can look over a lot of those with you. And then we can start to refine them in the accelerator program as well. Okay.

[1194:44] Speaker 0: Cool. Yeah. Are you Are we doing the call tomorrow? Monday or Monday? I mean. Okay, I do have some I can bring them on on Monday.

[1198:00] Speaker 1: Yeah. Do you want to call us on Monday? That'll be great. And then we have a fast start call. We have another bonus q&a. for free for everybody on Tuesday next week. And then we have our Fast Start for all new members on Wednesday. And then from there, that's when I leave for the cruise. And then that's what I said the week of the cruise. I'm going to record a training for Monday. And then we're going to facilitate q&a time where people can ask questions. But I'm going to answer them in a video later, after the q&a time to be able to answer those questions in like another video session as far as that goes, okay. So either way, I just think, especially if anybody else is on here, and maybe you've been struggling with, like brainstorming for your business, what I just shared with Mary, it's literally it's just an afternoon you have lunch, you spend time brainstorming, and you have dinner. I just made it sound like something much crazier than that. But that's all of it. Yeah, said that. But, but I see. And that's what I'm saying. Now. Well, that's funny. You said, What do you say? You could have just said that? Yeah. Do you see the power of words to paint a picture and a story? So we can use certain words to create an experience in the minds of people. When we're selling when we're presenting, we're doing that instead of just saying it well, you just have lunch and then you go play a card game and then you know, but I do that often. I will like I will have days where I do this weekly for myself. I will have lunch, we'll go out to eat. I love to go to kava my should I should do that today. I'll play video games for about an hour. And then we know that we got help at the house. So now okay, I'm gonna take three hours to brainstorm for my business. Boom, brainstormed, dinner comes. We planned on having something we love my wife and I we love Chili's, we're still just a big fan of Chili's. I don't know why we just we love chilies and burger and wings from Chili's gets us every time. And I feel amazing afterwards. Not everybody feels that way up at Chili's. I feel incredible, at least ours. I do all the time. So we do that we play I play with my son, he goes down at like eight or nine. I might call a few friends up, maybe play a game with a friend. Because a lot of my dad friends their kids go down. So I played like football on the Xbox or something at 10 at night or 11 at night. And then I'll I'll go rest and I'll go to sleep like 1112 o'clock and I'll sleep till about six o'clock. Maybe write some emails. When I get up, the baby wakes up around 637 I start helping my wife in the morning with that at seven in the morning. By nine o'clock I go right back into working. And what I do is I'll do that sometimes for like a week straight if I need to brainstorm sometimes two weeks. And all the clarity in the world that I need comes to me. And I just pray the whole time I said God, direct my footsteps. Show me the things I need to do next. Show me what the stuff is. And generally got literally God will drop in my head. Go watch Iron Man two on Disney plus. It's crazy. And I'm like, okay, so then I'll watch it and I'll literally see something in a scene where he's doing something. And it was literally a picture of a message of something that I was struggling with. Connecting the Dots to in my life to what I'm trying to accomplish because I took the time to just go watch a movie or have it on in the background while I'm working. Because I'm setting my intention towards I want to monetize my business during this time. Learning how to control your thoughts as well to where I'm not worried about is my wife taking care of do i How's the pool that I clean up this room over here all of that learning to control the anxiety inside of us and that's what my mission of working with my therapist has been that's what you know as well a lot of prayer has helped with our mind is where the battlefield really is. When we can be so defeated Our thoughts before we even start, don't let your mind defeat you, my friends. Don't let your thoughts defeat what you're called to do. Simply because maybe you're not feeling it, simply because you don't feel like it today, your feelings can confuse and lie to you. But they also shouldn't be paid attention to. Because often your feelings are pointing out something that can help you as well. For me if I feel anxiety, fear or stress, I say okay, what does that mean? I mean, sometimes I'll either just say it to my subconscious, or I'll pray it. I have found sometimes a lot of people. They're like, Oh, I asked God for like, everything. And for me, for some reason I can recognize like, Okay, I'm gonna ask God for this, but I believe in what he's also given me in my brain. And I'm going to ask my subconscious, I'm gonna say, is there something there? You know, is there something in my mind, and I start talking to my subconscious in that I start talking to my gut, I start talking to myself in that. And I believe in my identity, that I am connected to God. So when I'm talking to myself, I'm having communion with God, a lot of people don't. But that's a whole theological thing, Georgia and ban off teaches a great message on that side of things. You know, and so, again, sometimes literally, time with God could be me. Playing Miss Pac Man, on a Gameboy right here happened to me the other day, I was literally sitting there playing Miss Pac Man on this little Gameboy sitting on my couch. And God dropped in my spirit, because I don't think it was my subconscious. It was something I had never thought of before in my life. Something from here that connected with my reticular activating system, playing that game, that was exactly what I needed. For something I was struggling to solve in my business. It might not be video games for you. For most of you. It's not, it might not be movies, it might not be, it might just be a conversation you have with a friend or somebody you haven't called in a long time, it might just be a website or something that you want to visit or something like that. Or it might be jumping into our accelerator program where we're able to walk you through step by step. What does it take to be able to connect the dots in your business? How are you going to be able to go from I have this idea, right? You've been a marketer here. I have this idea. And I want to monetize it. And there's a gap, maybe you know how to get here. But you don't know how to get here, the accelerator bridges that gap and creates the connection for you to get there. That's what we are for you, we're able to bridge that gap, we're able to point you exactly in the direction to help you get clarity on how to bring in profits from your idea right here. So now there's convergence. You see how the lines are starting to converge here, your idea and monetization start to cross together. And you're able to take what you're good at what you are authentically born to do and monetize it. I believe that what I do here, helping you is what I have been authentically born to do I have a dream to create video games and movies and TV shows. I'm staying in alignment with my lane that I have experience in and a proven track record in for 21 years of developing ideas and movements and taking authors and speakers and course creators and coaches and podcasters and amplifying them to be able to get their message out to people and listen, you don't need to be the world's best expert. You don't need to have a published book to get started. You don't need to have a podcast. You don't even need to have a course.

[1357:43] Speaker 1: We got you covered on every single level as far as that goes. And so listen, if you want to join our team and have us join your vision, your mission and your goals. The way that like Mary has the way that Tiffany has the way that our clients have. We got 1000s of clients over the years that have gone through these trainings with myself and with my mom. And if you want to jump into a community that has your back. I'd love to help you. Okay, it's not for everybody. But you have until Tuesday, April 16, to jump in here. And we're gonna give you three courses for free just for trying it out just for saying maybe running an impactful mastermind group, Facebook ads basics for newbies. Funnel building made easy on Squarespace. This one I would say is really one of my favorite most incredible most important courses I've ever developed. Because it's all about how do you actually create and run a group mastermind and turn it into something that actually impacts people the way that my mom and I have and we have a course in here as well you can find it it's called recurring membership profits, this is all about building it into a membership that recurs. So there's different stages to it. There's different steps to it. We have the six steps to six figures course. Content Creation Blueprint, how to do successful webinars and challenges irresistible offers How do you automate it we have a brand new course called Pro video editing Made Easy that we've just started landing page blueprint sales copy mastery The list goes on. You can get impactful mastermind you can get Facebook ads basics for newbies, you can get funnel building made easy on Squarespace. Plus all the bonuses, we talked about those yesterday.

[1396:39] Speaker 1: The pricing is on there as well. The question you got to ask yourself is this? How long am I going to just kind of keep twiddling my thumbs hoping something gets better in my life? How long am I going to keep waiting? Until my situation changes? How long have you going to keep making the excuse that you're getting the foundation's ready. Again, I get it, I get it. But I know people they've been saying that they're waiting for things to get better. They're waiting to feel ready. They're waiting until they have the foundation's ready for 10 years. And maybe that's you. We've implemented brand new ways of working with our clients in the program

[1409:46] Speaker 1: that helped them to not have to take as long as things normally take.

[1411:44] Speaker 1: There are brand new systems that we are teaching in the program. So that maybe you've been trying for 1720 years to break you pass what those things are. And listen, I'm not a therapist, by any means. I don't I will not bring therapy into my program. I don't do mental health coaching. But I figured out a few coaching techniques that I've learned that can help unblock you that can help you identify okay, why am I why have I been stuck here for 20 years trying to make something work. And you might not see results overnight from it. But you might start to see things start to come in Tiffany. She just wrote me Tiffany, you wrote me the other week. You're like it's starting to work now. You started getting leads and clients and things like that. Isn't that right? Tiffany? And you've been following my mom and I for like 14 years. Tiffany Quinn Quinn put on us, keynotes. Are you able to unmute yourself?

[1431:51] Tiffany Quinones: Yes. Am I unmuted?

[1432:12] Speaker 1: Yeah

[1433:00] Tiffany Quinones: Yes. i Yes. I'm unstuck. It took like whoa,

[1436:03] Speaker 1: what was the difference maker though for you? Because we all we did was you and I just had a conversation. Not a big deal wasn't even that massive. It was like we didn't even talk about what you wanted to talk about.

[1439:49] Tiffany Quinones: No, I Had I had absolutely no clue except I thought we were gonna go into you know, I can come up on camera. There we go. I just tiff it's all about tiff just right? Um, no, I thought what was

[1446:40] Speaker 1: your name? Just TIFF?

[1447:22] Tiffany Quinones: I should. It's all about me.

[1448:32] Speaker 1: It's all about the does it? Yeah,

[1449:08] Tiffany Quinones: it is. I never thought that way though. Until recently, um, no, really, I thought we were just gonna go over, like my landing page, copy all that stuff. But I prayed about it. Now I was like, let the messaging come forth that I need to hear. And it was totally like, exactly what I needed to hear. But the you had asked a question before that before our call, like a week or two before that, like sparked like, oh my gosh, this is what I do. Now, it makes sense. Yeah. And the same messaging I keeps coming to me the same messaging keeps coming up, and I can't run away from it no matter how hard I've tried. Oh, really? Just Yep, it just is there. So what is it? It's the identity piece. It just keeps hitting me in the face. And it just keeps stuff that I'm walking through. And it's and it's the thing that people come to me the most for that they've gotten the results. And I'm like, oh, because I give them what my superpower is. And then they get unlocked and then they go do whatever it is. And their identity is now switched into something more magically them and they can go do what it is they're supposed to go do? Yeah. Oh, with confidence. That's awesome. Yes, sir. You're doing great. You're doing Thank you.

[1477:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, hey Sherilyn Cherylin Baker. I just saw you asked a question in the Facebook group. So those questions don't come up here while I'm on zoom at all. And so we'd love to answer your question that you had asked Are you able to talk Sherilyn Baker

[1485:02] Speaker 1: Hello don't hear any audio. Anyways, you asked what platform for building membership on I like think effect.com Thank you pick.com There's a couple of them out there. You just want to kind of see which one you like the most think epic.com is right here there's another one called teachable they all basically work just as well and do the same thing. Sherilyn we can't hear you your your mics not working so I'm not ignoring you at all.

[1495:16] Speaker 1: But yeah, teachable was another one. podia.com is another one that's really simple and easy to use, while people like podia

[1499:21] Speaker 1: kajabi.com is one you can do it on Kajabi Kajabi is the most expensive but they're they're awesome. As far as as far as the features that they give you it's really really great feature set really big fan of Kajabi so anyways, yeah Cherylin nobody can hear you your mics not working so I understand you're on muting yourself but nobody can hear you as far as that goes. You might miss have some technical issues for that because you can write in the chat though if you want here in the Zoom call. By the way I do apologize if anybody's watching this you see the recording and I didn't get to your question because you put it on social media it doesn't pop those questions up on screen here. They're not consolidated in the window so alright, but yeah, there's a whole bunch of great platforms as far as that goes for doing memberships Yeah, again, I like think if ik because it's got the most it's what I've used. podia is probably a lot easier. I know it's the people that use Podio Podio is probably the easiest and most cost effective overall for memberships. So I have used Podio, actually.

[1524:13] Speaker 1: All right, everybody, this has been a great time, haven't used school, honestly schools missing a lot of the features that I need for it to do what I needed to do. But I know a lot of people are advertising it because it's a lot of money in these platforms for the people that are marketing them. So school has the best marketing behind it right now. If you enjoy the experience in school, and you want to set it up, by all means totally great, awesome. What I teach doesn't apply to one platform. That makes sense. I don't say platform specific. I focus on how do you actually get build a community. And it doesn't matter what platform you use, you can use whichever one you're comfortable with. So but it starts by showing up as a leader that people want to follow that people want to listen to, that's a pillar in your community, that people want to be like a role model for people. And it has nothing to do with how you look, it has nothing to do with how you sound, it has nothing to do with the things you say or how you show or how you even show up. It has everything to do with how people feel when they're around you. And your ability to connect. And if you're charging money for a membership, deliver what is promised in that membership, that can be anything, what are you promising in the membership. You know, if you're a fitness trainer, you could literally just be promising workout videos, that's it could be yoga classes. If you're you know, for what I do, I'm promising the world when it comes to a system that teaches you how to do what I do. So obviously, I have a much more complicated membership than any of you guys need to create. What you are when you make a membership is you're a resource for people, you're a resource so that they don't have to struggle and strive and need to bang their head against the wall and go find somebody else to do it for them. Because you're able to walk them through the thing and hold their hand through the process. And people will make an investment and money if they trust that you will do what you say you're going to do. The only reason there is only one reason why people don't join my accelerator, it's not because of the money. Because they can make way more money. If they actually apply what I'm doing is that they do not trust in themselves enough to do what I say to do. Or they don't trust in me enough that what I say is true. It's the only two reasons why anybody won't be in my accelerator program. They do not trust what I say enough. And think there's something else or that I'm lying. Or they don't trust in themselves enough to do the things in the program. And both of those again, I'm not here to convince anybody to trust me. I'm not here to convince anybody that they should work with me at all. But I do want you to trust yourself more. And I do want you to trust your gut more. And I do want you to trust your instincts more. And I do want you to start to love yourself more to stop punishing yourself so much to stop being so hard on yourself. And to start showing up with joy, excitement and confidence. And then put that on camera. Put the excitement to be alive on camera and build a membership that you charge people monthly for around your excitement. That's it. You can do that, then I can help you if you want to do that. And that's what our accelerator does. That's what we accelerate people to do. We accelerate them to grow the amount of paid members and clients that they have in a membership and a coaching program or even just with an online course or even just to grow a following on social media or to get listeners to their podcasts, or to get people engaging on their YouTube channel or to get people liking their Instagram reels or to get people reading their books, whatever that is, if that's where your community starts. It might even be just to get people to join you at a meetup group that you have at the local parks and rec center around board games. My neighbor he does these local meetups where he plays board games with other dads in the air Maria, and I've been seeding ideas to him that we pull right from our accelerator, and how he can do that, to build a community to grow his community, I've been talking to my HOA about how to do this to grow our community. I mean, getting to know all my neighbors to grow community. How many of y'all have have close friends that you spend time with, that you love to spend time with? If you don't, you might want to start there, you might want to start building a community with just one close friend that you can hang out with more than your cat or your dog. Right. And I figured that out through the internet, I figured out that I developed really, really deep connections with people through the internet. If you're scared of connecting with other people through the internet, you might need to learn how to recognize and discern who is not a good person for you. That's why you need boundaries. The Internet is a scary place. So boundaries are necessity. You're not a jerk for having boundaries with somebody on the internet, no matter how many people try to tell you you are. I have people all the time trying to tell me that I am an absolute jerk. For the boundaries that I have on the internet with them. No, I'm not. Because I know, the bad actors that exist that act exactly like that person that I have boundaries with. So whether they are or not, that's not my problem. If they feel bad. I'm still going to protect myself, my family, and I'm not going to invite somebody that I think might be a serial killer into my home. Or my coaching group. You get it? Good. Because that because if you're gonna call me an asshole for doing that. You have no idea what you're talking about. And yet I have it all the time people tell me that you're just such a jerk, Jeremiah, you're just such an absolute jerk to people. You're just you're you're marginalizing people have need who need what you offer. No. No, I'm not. I've been I've been online, and I've been in the in the business for long enough to know how human beings are on the internet. And listen, they're 10 times scarier in person, because a person who's willing to do that behavior to your face. I want you to think of the scariest type of person that you see out there. You'll get more of them online because they can hide behind a computer. That's why we have such strong boundaries. That's why I don't meet up with very many people in person at all that I see online. That's why we have security when we host live events. My mom had security at her event in Austin, for a reason. Okay, all right. Some of y'all are like, this is too scary. I don't want you to talk about that scary stuff. It's so scary. Talk about the good stuff. It's so scary. Don't say this to terrify any of y'all. I say it because you're more powerful than any person that's out there. When you have boundaries, and when you learn to say no. Without worrying what other people think about you. Yeah, Tiffany, I have so many people. They're like Jeremiah, you're just so flippin damn negative all the time. You're just so negative, so focused on the evil. Maybe you're the evil. That's what they tell me. They come to me, they're like Jeremiah, you're so focused on evil, maybe you're the evil that they should avoid. Now, you have no clue what you're talking about people that say that to me. I'm like, what? The cognitive gymnastics that people go through to demonize people that have good intentions. It's amazing to me. And I meet most of them on free events like this or free Q and A's. Most of the time.

[1670:27] Speaker 1: I'm done putting up with being afraid of other people. And you should be to you shouldn't be afraid of other people should not be show up with confidence. Show up happy show up excited

[1676:12] Speaker 1: and put yourself out there on video on camera. Stop hiding behind your computer. Whatever that thing is where you are terrified to show up on camera. You're terrified. I had to ask for help. You're terrified to post a question. You need to work on that. You'll never be successful online in a business operating in that you just won't. And quite frankly, I just I have no, I have no tolerance for people that are just terrified of putting themselves on video because I cannot help you succeed in 2024, maybe I could have 10 years ago. There are other people that do these whole, nameless, faceless account things. I don't teach that. Go learn from them and stop bugging me. Okay. All right. For everybody else who actually is willing to show up and do the work. We'd love to see you jump into our accelerator. Maybe you're already in there. Jump in $197 a month for six payments 997 For six months risk free trial for 30 days. You can try it out. We'll give you your money back. All right, everybody. Peace out. We'll talk soon. We have a live free q&a next Tuesday. Pure in the accelerator. Got it. We got a q&a just for our accelerator members on Monday. Our Fast Start Jumpstart is on Wednesday. Have a good one.

