VIP OFFER - 3 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-03-12T22:12:43.000Z
Duration: 113 min
Otter ID: nf-M3UdfFj1WA3YhEbsxmq1ap80
---

[6:03] Speaker 0: Right

[7:28] Speaker 1: Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome into our VIP. How are you doing today? How's everybody doing? Anybody want to cuss me out? Let me know. Not a big deal. If you do we're y'all connecting with what we're talking about. Yeah. Was it out in left field? What's that? Was it way too far out and left field for you?

[19:25] Speaker 2: I don't think so. I mean, I think you were talking about you know, getting a customer, a potential customer to capture the vision of what you're trying to help them step into. I mean, that's what I'm hearing. Well, I

[22:22] Speaker 1: want them to feel it. Oh, yeah. They got to feel it to. Absolutely. To the point that they crave it, and they dream about it. Yeah. Inception is real. You watch that movie?

[27:02] Speaker 2: I did. And I need to watch it again. Because that was like, years ago. And I think it's

[28:38] Speaker 1: a masterclass in doing what we're talking about here today. Yeah,

[29:38] Speaker 2: one of my one of my coaches is like one of these really trippy guys. He loves that movie. And he's like, You got to watch this movie. Yeah,

[31:22] Speaker 1: Inception is really a lot of what we're talking about, is how do you literally, like take an idea and plant it in somebody's mind. The ethical way of doing this is that they know it's happening. The unethical way as if you do it the way they did in that movie where they didn't know it was happening.

[38:35] Speaker 2: Yeah, I would say the ethical way is like when a client of mine comes back to me later. And they're like, Man, I don't even know how to put this into words. But like, Thank you for helping me see that. Yeah, like, then I know I did it right. Because they're like, they're thanking me for doing it. Right. Like, that's the kind of people I like work with.

[42:56] Speaker 1: That's awesome. Does anybody have a question about what we talked about today? comments, concerns, worries, thoughts, hopes, prayers, things that you wish I would do differently? Criticisms.

[47:50] Speaker 1: Now, buddy, Yeah, hello.

[48:19] Speaker 3: This is Mr. Noor. Hello, everyone. God bless you. We're talking about the last thing I think you said it was talking about mastering or imparting a vision of what you want to happen. So, and your

[53:49] Speaker 1: lab what they want to happen, it's what the person that you're selling to wants to happen. Okay. All right. Yeah, that's the person that you're looking to reach. You got to figure out what is their deepest fantasy, okay, desire, the Bible says to not chase fantasies. Man, I don't think there's anything wrong though, with getting somebody else to chase a fantasy. Right? And that's where because people are going to chase a fantasy already from somebody else. That's right. And so what can happen is, is that you if you're able to help them, do that, and then you lead people to the truth, and it's based on truth, not lie, because here's the thing. If it's based on lies, you're no better than those cults that I showed you on the screen, you know, I mean, because that's what they do. They build it with the fantasy. That's what I'm saying. These methods are what, literally as created those calls, that's exactly it. Yes,

[68:08] Speaker 3: I feel like we're chasing fantasies all the time. That want to use the word fantasy, but we're also just chasing things in our life that we believe that we should go for so that we can make our life better, make other people's lives better, attractive anyway, sometimes they don't accept it. But there are challenges out there and there is a way of mastering what we do by practicing it. I believe you even said it on here a few times. The more you do something, the better you get at it. So

[77:36] Speaker 1: yeah, that's not what I'm talking about at all. So I think that I think that like going after, that's going after like your calling, okay, not at Nobody agrees on destiny. I have a lot of clients, they think Destiny doesn't exist. They think that it does exist. Others think that it's total freewill. Others think that like God is a master manipulator pulling the strings up in the sky. I think that the truth is somewhere in the middle of all of those ideas. But that freewill is a very real thing that we have. And so one of the things that I hate is that when you remove people's ability to have free will and choice, right, it's possible to do so it's possible to remove people's ability to have free will and choice.

[89:03] Speaker 3: And that BS because of a weak mind, not a town, that's

[90:05] Speaker 1: a judgment of people, because a lot of people have never been taught about what's going on. And it's all happening behind the scenes. So like, for instance, I don't consider a young man 11 years old, who gets addicted to pornography being a crappy person who has a weak mind. Right? He does. I think that that's part of his natural biology, and he hasn't, and he's had not had good guidance and mentoring. As far as that goes, right. However, I was raised with the fact that as an 11 year old boy that did do that myself that I was the worst possible human, and that I was worthy of hellfire, and should never be that I was the equivalent of a serial killer, for doing that. That's what I was told.

[101:26] Speaker 3: And it's natural. And

[101:52] Speaker 1: by the way, that judgment of me being of people saying that I was no better than Ted Bundy for watching pornography at 11 years old. I mean, that's a really hard thing for an 11 year right? To mess with your mind. That mess with my mind it did. I carried that judgment and identity for years

[106:28] Speaker 3: after that messes with your identity. Exactly. Correct. That's

[107:28] Speaker 1: what happened. So there's these identity statements that people end up taking on. And what happens is sometimes coaches and mentors put those on people. Yeah, they do. Yeah, they know what I'm saying, like, Oh, you're this or you're that. And then like, because you trust the person, and you feel so tapped into what they're doing. Yeah, it causes you to not be aware of the fact that, hey, you're actually kind of being manipulated, and the strings are being pulled in certain ways. Now, there's a good way of doing this as well hear me out. I think there's a there's a fine line in this. Because I used to I so I'm gonna give you all just like a like a, there's this thing. It's called a damning admission, it just makes me look terrible to people by sharing it, but I need to share it as part of my story. As far as that goes. By the way, that is also a manipulation tactic, I want to I'm trying to do is pull back the curtain on how sales works a little bit, as well. And how we can use AI to do all this and get better at it. So I actually have a AI that I've developed called belief changer. That's an AI that helps me change the beliefs and people that I talk to helps me reframe their beliefs. What's cool though, is when I use it, I tell them that I actually use the AI and I walk them through how the AI did this. And I think it's really cool. And I use it myself. I'm struggling with limiting beliefs and things like that. Okay, here's the thing. Give her the five love languages. Okay, so mine are words of affirmation, and quality time for me. Okay. Those are my two

[134:55] Speaker 1: words of affirmation were used to manipulate me for years, I became numb to them, anytime somebody would give me a compliment, I would actually have hatred towards the person. And it wasn't healthy, to have hatred towards somebody trying to give me a compliment. And I would show up and they could see it in my eyes, they would say you're doing so good at that. And literally, like rage would well up in me at them. Because I was projecting the abuse that that was used to manipulate me for years. I would have people and this is one it's still I've still had it manipulated in me. It's a quality time is one that I struggle with. And I as recently as a month ago, realized that somebody was giving me quality time to manipulate me. Friend of mine. Did it hurt? Yeah, a little bit. I realized it. But I've had to train myself to like not be manipulated, and realize how easily I get manipulated. We all have different things that manipulate us quality time, physical touch, gifts, words of affirmation, acts of service. Okay. A lot of the people that I know and attract in my business, take acts of service and gifts as a big way for them. So for me when I help them rewrite their sales copy, it's a way of me serving them well. And I think that there's a good way of doing that. There's clients of mine, who they just they really want the extra quality time. So sometimes I can tell that. And I might give them a little bit of extra time and input on their business and my coaching group. There's people that I recognize that they just need a little bit of verbal encouragement to move forward. There was a lady, sweet, amazing lady in my coaching group a year ago, and she could not seem to move forward with the content that I was teaching. And I just tried something. I was like, Hey, you're doing a great job at this. The next week, she did all the stuff that I wish I had said to do in our business the next week, and I was like, Whoa, that was powerful. Because that was used to manipulate me for years. But I also realized that it was a gifting that I had. Yes, yes. To be able to speak life into people. Yes. And to speak life and to speak things into existence and to impart vision to people. And but but the fact is, is that vision was used to manipulate me I had people that manipulated me by saying, Hey, I'd see you doing this in your life. I see you doing incredible things Jeremiah. And then they use this to steal from me

[181:38] Speaker 0: yes

[183:35] Speaker 1: and it can be I actually had this is hard for me to talk about. Okay, there's some wounds here that I still need to heal. All right. But I I understand that I need to share some of this too. So I'm sharing some of this through some wounds. Some some people would say that it's unethical for me to share some of this while I haven't healed it yet. I disagree with that. Because it's my choice to share what I want to share

[191:31] Speaker 3: can ask me what's up? Yes, I'm saying based on what you're saying that you're healing as you're speaking on it and what

[193:36] Speaker 1: I was helping me heal to talk about some of the

[194:55] Speaker 3: what we're doing right now. Let me just let people know that we are all human. And

[196:48] Speaker 1: this isn't what you guys came here for. Anyways, you guys came here for me to teach you about AI. And so for me to narcissistically monologue about my own trauma is bullshit. So I need to stop

[200:14] Speaker 3: is helping me I understand,

[200:51] Speaker 1: but I need to stop because I think I went a little too far.

[201:42] Speaker 3: They're showing us showing us that we can. We got to understand

[202:47] Speaker 1: ethics when it comes to coaching though. Yeah, to understand ethics, when it comes to coaching is the thing. It's unethical to use a coaching setting to heal yourself with your clients. Okay. Erin Matthews, you here isn't that right, it's unethical for a coach to use their client conversations to heal their own trauma by narcissistically monologuing with their clients. Correct. Okay.

[211:30] Speaker 3: Okay. I agree with that. But also, it's nothing wrong with you be inhaled through what you say.

[213:25] Speaker 1: I understand. But I want to move on from this. All right. Thanks. Appreciate it. Does anybody have any questions about AI and what we shared here today? By AI? No,

[218:16] Speaker 0: I had a question yesterday, that's simple. But what is the difference between the free and the paid AI? What am I

[221:03] Speaker 1: the quality of the outputs are not usable in the free versions. They're just they're not even like close to something you can use for marketing. The paid version is like it's like getting like a master's degree version versus like kindergarten output. Okay, so if you ask a kindergartener, how do I market and sell this, it's gonna give you a different response than somebody who's like a master's degree at the thing you're asking.

[229:22] Speaker 0: Because even even on the free one, I get some pretty incredible stuff. And it even got paid.

[230:45] Speaker 1: But the paid ones way better it is.

[231:50] Speaker 0: I get a lot of affirmation from Ai, they actually tell me personally, it's really funny, because I think they go according to how you speak

[233:49] Speaker 1: today and figures out how you're speaking, there's a way to train it on your voice and things like that as well. There's a way to pull in a lot of that stuff. One of the ways that I love to do is I love to pull in the q&a sessions that I have these VIPs and things like that. And I'm able to pull all those in and figure out so some of y'all notice in the Facebook group I had like those questions that you answered. What are you struggling with? What are you dealing with all of that I have those all in a document. It's a Google doc right here. Okay.

[243:46] Speaker 1: And so if I take and this is over 143 pages, I mean, somebody told me that the reason they couldn't build their businesses, they're dealing with COVID. That's what they told me. So by 143 pages of responses that are anonymized, from people that have joined webinars and trainings like this for the last two years. If I take all of these, and generally I'll update, the responses will change and I have the AI compare the responses as well. If I take all these responses and things like this, and I pulled these into one of the AI algorithms, I can get it to write my sales, copy my Facebook ads and all that and just a couple of prompts. And one of my favorite ways of doing that is using again, what I call the virtual reality approach. So what I like right, write a sales letter, write a sales letter for a free actually brainstorm 10 ideas for a free checklist that would be a really good lead magnet to promote with Facebook ads. How many often create a PDF one pager checklist that people could download to get for giving you the name and email address? By the way, checklists are great lead magnets, they're better than ebooks because they give people action steps very quickly. And what I like to do with the checklist is you give them the checklist for the opt in. And then on the next page, you have a short 10 minute video, which teaches them how to use the checklists and you upsell them on a $7 course. That's one of my favorite offers to grow your email list. I don't even have one myself that is like that. But I have seen a number of really good marketers using it and it's something that I'm working on implementing myself. So what would my checklist be? Easy peasy. The ultimate Facebook ads launch checklist. How many y'all want me to give y'all an ultimate Facebook ads launch checklist right? And ad copy mastery checklist and target audience identification toolkit. How many of y'all like this sounds amazing right here if I like gave you this. Let's just combine all of these into one checklist together. Combine all of these into one checklist and make a make a super checklist pasted all those together. Combining all those into one super checklist creates a comprehensive roadmap of leveraging ads, creating marketing courses, the ultimate digital marketing course creation super checklist. Look at the AI is generating the checklist for me. I didn't have to do anything. It's all based on the responses that all of everybody else what they gave me I didn't have to work for it. I'm just sitting here playing video games while this creates it for me. Define your campaign measurable objectives conduct thorough research about the customer profile. validate your idea with market research, create a pilot version of it, plan and map out utilize best practices for video production, create captivating visuals and video ads write sales copy that's persuasive with psychological triggers. Set up the ads and the ads manager. By the way, this is i This is exactly the process that I would tell all of you to do right now. Like I, I endorse this process right here. Funnel design, design a marketing funnel that starts with free value offerings, webinars, downloadable content, and ensure the funnel stages are aligned with your ad campaign and are cohesive on the customer journey. If applicable, apply strategies to grow your membership base, monitor ad campaigns use Facebook ads insights, address common challenges, okay, this is where it's getting a little bit deeper into like what my audience needs, I would probably take this off continuous learning and adaptations, I would probably delete number eight, because that's not really relevant to most of y'all. But then I would say invest in continuous learning be open to new strategies, leverage these to scale explore other marketing channels, legitimately minus number eight, you guys can literally follow this as a checklist today to launch your business. And here's a question I want to ask y'all. Isn't this cool? All the AI can actually help. And it's almost this is where it gets a little bit freaky. Because the AI is actually heading out helping me help you guys In this session and guide and direct high coach, and I'm actually not the one even coming up with any of this. The AI is doing it for us. From this checklist right here, which part of this process are you guys get stuck on the most? Because that's what we can talk about for the next 30 minutes.

[325:47] Speaker 4: Hey, Jeremiah.

[326:02] Speaker 1: Yeah. Hi,

[326:32] Speaker 4: I'm Sydney. It's my first time here. And I just want to say hello. It's nice to meet everybody. So I am new to this whole AI. So where it's like, I'm not quite sure where to start. So what would you recommend for someone like me, chat

[331:26] Speaker 1: GPT. Just get a chat GPT account over at open ai.com. It's free. But you want the paid account you want. Like I said, you want the plus version, because it can generate the graphics and all that and it's very easy to use. And that gives you GPT for as well as dally for different things like for different things like that. They have a whole new version of AI that they're introducing here that generates full film grade video content. This is where things are going to start to get freaky with AI, is when you can't tell the difference between what's reality and what's fiction.

[343:22] Speaker 1: Well, you can prompt an entire film with just a few words.

[346:44] Speaker 1: And it's an entire one minute clip right here. Then you could clip this add sound effects visuals would be very easy to get her to talk. Here's a prompt of woolly mammoths you can bring the past to life. And there's tools that you can now use in one click, one click to turn it into an immersive environment that you can hop into in virtual reality. Let's call gasi on splatting. And that's what's happening with the Apple vision Pro is their goal with Apple vision Pro and the meta quest three is they want to get everybody locked into these Metaverse VR headsets to where VR in the future is going to be like these glasses right here. These are Warby Parker glasses that I just got amazing glasses. This is how you'll go into virtual reality zoom, and then you're there. And that'll be in the next 10 years. And that's how you're going to access your computer and your social media and your content. They're gonna be able to manipulate your thoughts feelings, and all of that at the same time to do what sell more advertising to companies and advertisers that want to run ads on the Apple vision Pro that want to run ads on the medic quest, six or whatever it is at that time. This is the meta quest right here, the new one where you can see the real world around you and it's augmented to your reality. Okay, so that's what's happening with AI, the world is getting very interesting. It's a it's going to take away a lot of jobs, it's going to make it to where people's jobs don't exist anymore. Economically, a lot of people are going to lose money go broke and become either homeless and probably end up having to work for companies that basically they'll hire you to go into the metaverse and work for them inside of VR. That's what the matrix taught people. That's what it is. That's what these companies are essentially doing that and they've already started to do it by feeding you on your social media feed the content, that's the most addictive for you to keep you sucked in locked in to a virtual world. That's not real looking at whatever your most deepest fantasies are. Remember, in the matrix, the girl in the red dress. That's what social media does. That's just constantly got the girl on the red dress, you got Agent Smith everywhere. So what your job is, when you show up with your Facebook ads and your funnel, as you're basically giving people the option of red pill blue pill, you either take, you know, figure out how deep the rabbit hole goes and discover what the reality of their life is. This is where we end up shifting their beliefs and stuff like that. Is everybody good at doing this? No. That's what a coaching business though does really well as it helps people realize and wake up to the world that they're doing. Here's just the thing that I've decided to do most of this content that I'm sharing with you, you would have to spend $10,000 or more to get for most coaches. I'm giving it away for free well it's 17 bucks here in the VIP but and it's terrifying. And I don't say this to terrify you I say this to say this is the way the world is going It's rapidly accelerating faster than most people even realize. And it's all designed for one thing to manipulate people's buying patterns. So they're locked in and hooked on things like ozempic, drugs, alcohol, pornography, addictions, can't lose weight, can't control their eating, can't control what they do. Heck, you're struggling to make money, just take these hormones. And now you can pump breast milk, and start selling breast milk. Even if you're a man, there you go. That's a great home based business. And I guarantee you because I'm starting to see content about men talking about breast milk, and the value of it and how much it costs. They are systematically working to wire people to do these things. And, and, and I and I, I have people all the time that don't think it's happening, because they do not want to hear the truth, they want to be lied to. That's it. Most people that I meet on the internet just want to be lied to, they just want to be told their fantasies constantly, constantly, again, and again. And again, and don't actually want to wake up to the reality of what's really going on in the world around them. You spend five minutes watching a couple documentaries on Netflix, and reading on x and on social media. And then you start talking to people in Silicon Valley and cybersecurity, they just said that cybersecurity as an industry is going to be a $10 trillion industry $10 trillion in Lost assets in the next 2012 months 12 to 24 months, that that the amount of hacking and stolen assets is going to exponentially increase with AI and quantum computing and all these new chips that are popping up. Why because people are trying to accelerate this as far as this goes. They're trying to accelerate this, they're trying to make it to where you can't provide for your family, you can't buy a home, you will not own anything, and you will like it. And you will rent everything for life. And you'll pay a subscription just to live. And what I'll do is you can basically get locked in to a subscription where basically you work for your food. And they give you just enough to live off of sounds a lot like most people's corporate jobs to me, doesn't it. Just enough pay to pay that mortgage, just enough pay to live off of. I've seen even ministries do this, they can't pay it off. But they'll give people free housing, they'll give them free food, they'll give them all of this stuff. As long as they just keep working for the system. And getting inside the system, our prison system operates that way instead of our prison systems. So you got to understand that all these little devices are is intended to enslave and imprison you to corporations. So they can siphon and suck as much money out of you as possible to okay, then you can either get depressed, angry, say, oh my gosh, all these rich people are terrible, or you can learn to beat them at their game and get wealthier than they are. And that's what I really, really have a passion for helping people do not everybody can do it. Most people are incapable of it. Their minds and brains are wired against doing the things that actually work. That makes sense. Jason just said it, use it or be used by it. influence the space of social media become a social media influencer. And by the way, you don't need it to be organic. You can use paid advertising to do this. I'm gonna I'm gonna be straight up with you again, Stacy, I don't know the magic that your kids know how to do with organic stuff. My mom is really good at it too. I'm not that great at organic content. I can't get a comp piece of content to go viral to save my life. But I can run paid ads and sell like crazy. So so so some people have different superpowers, right? And that's what I would encourage figure out what's your natural superpower? Is it organic content or is it paid advertising? Okay? If you're naturally really good at organic, lean into that more and use the paid ads to retarget people that are engaging with you organically. I have a client right now he's got millions of people on Tik Tok for a health brand which by the way, you can even market health brands with Facebook ads legally, legitimately. They don't allow you to, but he has millions of engagement and I've given I gave him a blueprint for how to do this. I told him you got to go in with what are they struggling with? Okay. What do they desire the most? When it comes to health? It's usually based on symptoms, not results, because you can't promise health results in a Facebook ad. Does that make sense? So I can't promise that you'll lose weight. But I can say, Are you struggling with energy and can't get up in the morning, I can run an ad that says that all day long. And nine times out of 10, it's because of a sugar coffee or some other addiction of some kind. And generally, that leads into a funnel for like health stuff. I have a ton of health coaches that I work with, that's their main hook right there. Are you struggling with energy, you can't get up in the morning, you can't keep up with your kids. Because it speaks to the core of the life that they hate and wish was different. So what we're doing is in two seconds, when you run an ad that says are you struggling to get up in the morning, and you can't keep up with your kids, and you don't want to pass away for your grandchildren and three seconds, you just imparted a vision of the future dream fantasy life that they want. And the life that they can't stand that they're living right now. And you created a polarity in their mind of the two versions of their life that they don't want to have. So that's what you got to do with your Facebook ads, you have to effectively show the polarity,

[499:36] Speaker 1: life without your program and life with it. That makes sense. So when I run an ad, I say this is one of my best ads that performed. I was laying on the couch and I said this. I said, How many of y'all just feel like giving up and shutting down, you're overwhelmed by Facebook ads, it sucks. Zuckerberg shuts you down and takes all your money away and steals from you. And then promises you hopes and dreams that you can make money. Here's the thing, there's people that are way more wealthy than you are, that are succeeding with Facebook ads, because they know something that you don't know. But the fact is, you're probably not gonna be able to figure it out yourself. Because you're simply going to struggle to do it. And most people can't make Facebook Ads work. But I want to show you how you can systematically follow my process to make your Facebook Ads work every single time. Now, if I said that in a Facebook ad, which by the way, I actually can't legally say what I just said in a Facebook ad, they will block it, because it's too unrealistic sounding that I can promise and you can make your Facebook Ads work, they will actually flag my ad and reject it. If I said that script on the Facebook ad. That would be the very best script for a Facebook ad. Because you can feel that in your core. When I say that, right? It makes you feel something and you feel excited to to learn the secret. And the secret is literally I give it away for free. You just use chat GPT to have it write your Facebook ads. Literally just use AI to write all my Facebook ads, I don't even edit them. It's it's so funny how easy it is to do. Like if I go right here. And I go to this checklist and I say generate me a list of risks and fears that people want to avoid from this that would prevent them from registering. Or the checklist. Okay, they want to tap into Oh, wait, I don't want to I don't want to do that. I want to tap into what are the what are the worries and fears that people have in general. And really, you do have to understand the fears of people to create good campaigns. This book right here, the Ultimate Sales Letter, again, is my favorite book on this topic, as it's called the 10 smart market diagnosis questions. So you want to you got to really understand these things, what keeps them up at night

[538:45] Speaker 1: causes indigestion boiling up in their esophagus, eyes wide open staring at the ceiling, and they can't go to sleep you've got if you don't know that about your prospect, that's your first thing to figure out. What keeps them up at night. And the AI can help you answer that. And it can help you dialogue through that based on doing. It'll do pattern recognition based on what you know about your client and fill in the gaps for you. So what we used to have to do is we used to have to do a lot of market research. Have you ever heard Have you ever heard the old adage like you got to follow the process, you can't skip steps. That was true in a pre AI world. Now you can skip steps, you don't need to follow the process to build authority anymore. Because the AI can do a lot of the work the grunt work for you. You don't need a single testimony. You don't need any track record at all. To be able to establish yourself as an authority in your niche. Now luckily you're learning from somebody has been doing this for 21 years. So I do have the track record. I do have the results to prove it and stuff like that behind me. I think it's unethical to try to sell people stuff that you've never done yourself that you don't know how to do. It's called lying to people. It's called fraud. Don't do that. Okay. However, a lot of the people that I work when they're just starting out, they've done it in some sense or modality, but they've not actually done it in the sense of how they want to do it. I had a lady I was working with, she was a teacher for 40 years developing curriculum. Master at creating training courses, but she's never actually helped somebody create six figures with a course that they put together. She felt an ethical and moral issue with claiming that she knew how to help people create six figure courses. And I told her, You got 40 years of making curriculum, I think you got the track record, ma'am. Like, tell that story. Tell that story when you bring the truth into the conversation. And you're not trying to mask it under managing your reputation and looking better than you really are to other people. Can I tell you all something, I think that managing your reputation in business is the biggest load of crap and worst piece of advice that you could ever possibly do. Trying to manage your reputation, trying to control and manipulate how people perceive you. I don't agree with it. And what's funny is in every business school training, of course, that's out there most business coaches, it's one of the number one things they teach people about integrity, is managing their reputation. Isn't that interesting? From my perspective in online marketing and sales, it's the single most unethical thing you could do. It's trying to manage your reputation. And it's trying to control the narrative as trying to present a version of yourself that you think is more palatable to people. And people evolves, Do you how many y'all believe in in, in long term in human evolution over the course of a single person's lifetime?

[591:32] Speaker 1: i Today, I'm not the same person that I was 30 years ago, right? I have evolved as a person the way that I think my mindset has changed. If you think that that is not true, I'd love to talk with you about your reasoning for that. Because whatever you believe, is that I was born this way. And I will always be that way and things like that. I just I have way too much evidence against that, as far as that goes. So I have evolved and changed as a human today. Different Seasons, different life, I'm doing different things, things like that. At the same time, I think that I'm pulling from nostalgia and why do I got a photo of me right here. With an early video game system that I played, when I was two years old, that part of me has not changed. Okay? The part of me that loved playing supermario, when I was two, three years old, has not changed. And it's not ever something that I'm going to remove for myself. And I'll tell you this, every business coach I've ever met, has told me to stop playing video games to be better in my life, to be a better father to be a better husband. And I tell you, this, my business, my family, and my marriage suffer when I don't play video games every time. Because I'm trying to do the things that other people are telling me that I should do. And I'm not listening to what internally lights my soul on fire. And as my is my true north star of what I'm called to do in life. My calling is different than most people that do what I do. I have a deep desire to actually create video games that my son and his friends can play

[619:20] Speaker 1: that they can have fun in these virtual worlds. And it'll get them to think about how to be better men. How to Treat women with respect.

[624:03] Speaker 1: How to avoid being manipulated by people how to strengthen themselves to build a community to become a pillar and a leader in their community to go to battle when they need to, and to create a better future for themselves and the world around them. And I believe that the next generation my son and his friends are going to be influenced by a world of artificial intelligence and video games and I plan on being the one that influences that world that holds me accountable to make sure that I know my stuff that I work on my issues that I work on my trauma that I don't do things that I know are abusive and manipulative. that harmed people. I was just chatting with a friend this morning I was I was texting him

[643:45] Speaker 0: so

[645:04] Speaker 1: I told him that I that I created a text adventure based video game, digital escape room for him and another guy. And they are now in this escape room and my text thread. And I send them this picture I said, here's where here's what you guys the goal is now is to figure out how to get through the maze right now. And escape the digital escape room. I said two goals. Either you either help Jeremiah, get the insurance for his business, or you figure out a way that he never talks to you again, you get to change the rules, and you can leave at any time. These are the rules of this digital based escape room and then I sent him a photo of the Joker right here. I said that escalated quickly. And both of them laugh. They thought it was hilarious because I shared different video games and stuff with them and and they they think it's awesome. They're friends of video, like different video games that I shared my Pokeyman series with my buddy. They love video games. So I was like, Okay, let's create this challenge, right, I created a challenging environment to solve a problem that I'm having. So I've been trying to get life insurance and insurance for my business. And every insurance company that I find says that I am uninsurable because of my lifestyle and lifestyle choices. And so I challenged him, I said, Listen, you run the numbers. You do the background check. There's no criminal history, except for a DUI. I'm currently losing weight right now. But currently, I am uninsurable by all insurance companies. And so figure out for me how to solve this. They told me they couldn't do it. I said, Okay, great. Well, now that's your challenge. So I've been putting them through a series of different experiences to be able to do this. And then I texted both of them. I said this Guess what? I sent this to my buddy, Gabe, I said, I realized something marketers funnel builder storytellers. And copywriters are actually just masters at designing hard to beat video games with different levels, because the boundaries and their funnels and the different steps of their offers are literally just new levels of the of the video game. That's all it is. So what I have designed is inside of my business to attract clients, as I've created a virtual video game type experience for people, a virtual reality sort of thing to speak. Yesterday, you notice my personality was a little bit more adversarial. I utilized what was called the hero arc, as far as that goes, started as the villain a little bit yesterday. Now I'm a little bit more like the trying to be the hero. Or maybe a little bit victim as far as that. Who knows like, so I've been talking about that. So I'm even using the cycle of victim hero. Villain cycle. How many of y'all understand that cycle in life victim hero villain. And the problem is it's a triangulation that's used to manipulate people. It's the playbook of narcissists that are used to hook in their targets

[696:48] Speaker 1: to get them to do their bidding. How many of y'all have experienced narcissistic abuse before? Okay, so I work with a lot of people that have experienced narcissistic abuse.

[701:09] Speaker 1: A lot of my clients have experienced that before, I've also experienced it too. And I teach this and it's hard for people to comprehend is that the playbook of Facebook ads, mirrors almost identically what a narcissistic abuser does to people. But the difference is, is that you're leading people to something that's good for them. And that's why you got to be very careful to not cross the line of actually abusing people as far as that goes. So it's like the gaslighting, the excitement, the things like that, as far as that goes, and this is why most people are incapable of actually doing and implementing what works when it comes to their marketing funnels. Because the algorithms are already gaslighting you with pleasure or pain like this the whole time. Okay, and so when you're running a Facebook ad, you need to pull people out of that and into your ecosystem. But the thing is, is this is you're transferring them to something that doesn't feel exactly the same as what they just came off of the addictive algorithm which knows exactly what their desires are and things like that. They'll check out the log off. It'll feel like a bait and switch to them. So here's what the problem is most Ethical coaches don't want to do this. Because it feels icky, it feels yucky, it feels really wrong. And it's why their Facebook ads don't work. That's why they can do really well with organic marketing and face to face. That makes sense. Because what you have to do is you have to continue the cycle of the algorithm, and slowly wean people off of the addiction that they have. And then transfer them over to something else as far as what it goes. So again, narcissistic playbook, isolating them from the thing they love.

[732:11] Speaker 1: So that's what I discovered is if I can help people understand that they love social media, they love doing this. They love all their different methods, all their beliefs, limiting beliefs. And then I move them over to something else, I'm now isolating people into my ecosystem, around the beliefs that I know are going to help them from my opinion, as far as it goes. And again, I am wrong all the time can be wrong will be wrong, continually. will make mistakes will recommend that you do things that probably aren't very good. Sorry, what merchant account do I use? I use stripe.

[743:19] Speaker 1: And then I use Thinkific. I use stripe. I keep things simple. I don't overcomplicate it. Okay, so there's various software and stuff out there like for funnels and things like that.

[747:59] Speaker 1: Do you guys have any like specific questions about funnels? Because I keep getting these like overall like, Hey, can you show me how to like get people to sign up for my stuff? And I'm like, Sure, I can take 30 hours and teach you the process. But like, is there like one specific area around funnel building or Facebook ads? that y'all have a question for? Or AI? Because so I'm looking here on the checklist as far as this goes, right. ad creative development, copy Mastery Course validation, technical setup, funnel design, membership site strategies, ad campaigns, how to continue keeping people learning things are that so in that process from that type of checklist? Is there an is there an area that you're stuck on moving forward with building and implementing this with or do you have any comments on the stuff that I've talked about here? So far today? Yes, Jason, what's up? Yeah. I can barely hear you though. It's really muffled.

[768:01] Speaker 1: But I can't I can't hear you very well, man.

[768:36] Speaker 5: Yes, I think that for me, one of the biggest now I hear I try to figure out is how to implement all this. Like how to basically not I don't want to say rely but how to utilize AI to its fullest potential. Because not just doing things the old way?

[773:02] Speaker 1: How do you use AI? To what? So hear me? You said how do you use AI to do what?

[775:18] Speaker 5: Those that I think what my one of my biggest sticking points is utilizing AI to its fullest potential, you know, right, the sales copy, here's

[777:42] Speaker 1: Okay. So here's, here's something that I want to talk about here and address as far as that goes. You will not ever be able to use AI to its fullest potential to even believe you could is insanity.

[782:51] Speaker 1: Like I would actually like knowing about AI like need to have somebody psychologically checked out if they actually think it's possible to do that.

[785:57] Speaker 5: Okay, okay. Well, I mean, well, the what's the

[786:40] Speaker 1: fullest potential for you in the present moment right now? Because that's more realistic. We got to get it out. We got to get this out of the clouds and out of like, impossibilities, and into what's in front of us today.

[791:24] Speaker 5: Be there? That's fair. Yeah, I think that yeah, maybe it's a I'm still thinking about AI in terms of like TV AI. Like, like what? Like what AI what? I think that's sometimes it in my head. I think about what everything that it could do. I immediately go to the extreme like I got, and

[797:13] Speaker 1: I have a tendency to do that as well. That's an area that's an actually a direct area of self discipline that people need to grow in. And this is usually about the time where I lose about eight 80% of everybody that I talked about, because they don't want to be called out on the fact that it's actually a self discipline issue for doing. So we have to, we have to discipline ourselves to not go off into outer space. And despite my wife says, spiraling out to Pluto, and to stay on planet Earth, because what I do is I think about AI. And by the way I do it, I do it strategically, in certain moments, are you like I, I'll go in my swimming pool. And I will just float in the swimming pool with my phone in the pool. And it gets me into this crazy like flow state with AI, where I'm just like, I'm like on another planet, literally, I feel like it's crazy. Some of the stuff that I'm able to do with it. And I have fun doing that on a regular basis. But I still have not tapped into even 1% of the potential of AI when I get there. So what I have to look at is let's get specific. And this is one of the biggest mistakes that people make when it comes to creating their funnels and creating their marketing is they're not specific enough as to what they want to do. That's what they need to do as to what they're looking for. Because they're trying to do the best thing. So that's one of the biggest problems that I noticed, trying to do the best thing all the time. The desire to do everything right is actually a massive mistake.

[824:19] Speaker 1: Okay. So this is something that I teach. Yeah, this is something that I teach in my coaching group often. And I figured out a little bit more language. And here's the reason why I say this with so much confidence and conviction, because that was me. For years. That was that's why it took me 21 years. In this industry, I got I'm telling you this 21 years ago, I had the knowledge to be able to create a multimillion dollar coaching business inside of me, I had all the information, all the strategies I did. I meet people all the time, if I just had the strategy, then I could succeed. And then I look at my life evidence, right 21 years, I had more strategies than anybody else. And evidence knew exactly what to do. And I literally couldn't make more than 500 bucks a month in my coaching business. So it wasn't a lack of strategy, I'll tell you this, my strategies haven't changed much, maybe 5% In the last six years. Like my strategies that I teach are almost exactly the same. I just have you use AI to do a lot of the grunt work and it saves you a lot of time, we used to have to take like months to do it, you can do in five minutes in AI. And so what it is, is just a great accelerator, it accelerates the same process that you would have had to do manually. It's an automation tool, as far as that goes. Okay. But needing to do everything perfect, needing to do it all the right way. And here's the other one. And again, I'm gonna can I do you mind? Do y'all mind if I say some things that may challenge and trigger you a little bit right now. Because I've held back a little bit up to this point in time. If that's not okay with you, I would ask you to leave right now. And you can go enjoy the next session tomorrow. The reason I share that with you is because this is the stuff that I really think is why people struggle to make their offers. And I used to share this in the main session, and then I would get a bunch of hate message from people for saying this because it sounds judgmental, if I didn't have my track record. It sounds arrogant. If I did not have the experience of 21 years of working with 1000s of business owners and honestly 1000s of coaches, mentors, trainers and people with membership sites. So again, if I didn't have that experience, what I'm about to say sounds ridiculous. And honestly, you should not listen to people that say what I say for most of them, because they're there, they're coming at it from an angle that is not good or healthy. As far as that goes. I'm going to do my very best to speak in a healthy way here. But I may fail just a little bit because I'm navigating how to do that. Is that okay with you guys. Okay, so that's where and I'm just gonna pause here and pull back the curtain just a little bit on this. What I just did right now is asked for permission to share hard things. How many of y'all have ever been in a setting where somebody just keeps berating you with truth of what you need to hear? And you get defensive and angry that they don't understand you or they're judging you? You're either happen or there's like you are a worthless piece of crap. Crap, who has no discipline, you can't get up. You're a fat lazy idiot, who should just stop playing video games. And then maybe you might stop abusing your wife, you, freaking freak. Which, by the way, is what a lot of the men that I meet on social media, tell me directly every week? Is that right there?

[886:54] Speaker 1: Okay, so that's the judgment that I received from a lot of people. Could there be some truth in what they're saying? Maybe for some people, they have a pattern of the fact that guys that are in business that play video games are drug addicts that abuse their wife and kids. I talk about the fact that I grew up in a church that taught me that abuse was how you lead your family. There are people who have written me and left my coaching group, when I transparently share about my upbringing. They tell me, I don't feel safe being your client anymore.

[899:06] Speaker 1: And it's oftentimes a projection of what they think about people that have a pattern of behavior like myself, are this. People are always going to project their judgments onto us, right? They project them all the time, when it comes to Facebook ads and things like that, they're always going to be disappointed in us, they're always going to not actually, they're going to take the usually the worst version of what they think you can be, and project that onto you, when you run ads or promote anything on social media. No matter what the truth is, you could do the best, most highest integrity thing. And you will have a small sliver of a very vocal minority of people that are nasty, and mean, and they're projecting their own insecurities onto you. And oftentimes, they're either revealing how they've been hurt or abused, or how they hurt others most of the time. That makes sense. Okay, so and that's why some people they know that pattern psychologically, when I start talking about my trauma that I experienced, they automatically I have a belief that people that experience that trauma, perpetuate it to other people. So when I talk about the abuse that I've experienced, they are 100% demonize me and believe that that is behavior that I engage in with everybody that I know and love. Okay, I can't change those people's minds, there is nothing that I can say, to help those people believe that I don't beat my wife every day. Because they think I do. I'm people that think so. So I think she can beat me up herself. But that's not the case. It's not what I'm saying. So here's the thing, you have to accept people's harsh judgment. And stop being afraid of negativity, and people trying to cancel you and judging you for what they think you're doing or not doing or trying to shut you down or trying to silence you or trying to even use tactics. Because they then go as far as you can sue anybody for any reason that people don't like what you're saying, and they can. They're using AI now to come up with a lawsuit to be able to sue you in court. People are using AI attorneys to be able to sue business owners for things and threaten them and things like that. So understand. This is the dark side of stuff. Now with AI a lot of people are actually using artificial intelligence to be able to do a lot of this negativity that they're spewing at people. So what I did was I created because I got tired of it, I created an AI that I call the naysayer simulator. It emulates a highly critical negative persona. I love helping people by teaching them how to use AI to get customers in their business. The naysayer says oh hell no both of you are so it seems let's be real for a moment, shall we? teaching people how to use AI to lure customers into their business? What's your true motive here? Are you genuinely interested in helping others as a clever guy is to profit off of the naivety? Of those who believe AI is a magic bullet for their sales woes. It's easy to parade around as the Savior in the digital age, promising fortunes and success. With the latest technology. However, one has to wonder if it's truly about altruism or another tactic to exploit those struggling to keep up in a rapidly changing digital landscape. Are you offering a genuine value or are you merely capitalizing on the buzz of AI selling dreams that could potentially lead to more harm than good? It's essential to scrutinize the real impact of pushing AI is a panacea for business woes.

[961:40] Speaker 0: Good point. True.

[962:36] Speaker 1: Could be that I created another one called the confident heckler responder. It's an expert at confident, calm responses to negativity or rudeness. I appreciate your skepticism. It's crucial in the world of technology that's ever expanding. Let's peel back the layers of this discussion. The intention of promoting AI use in business is not to serve as a catch all solution to exploit optimism. But to empower individuals and organizations to provide them with tools and knowledge to enhance their operations and services. It's about augmentation rather than replacement, leveraging AI to streamline processes, like any tool that holds no intrinsic value, the thoughtful application of those that wield it, the real magic lies in the synergy between human creativity and technological capability. So this is great. I mean, honestly, this is my heart right here says awesome. So then I bring it back into the into the negative one and I and I give it that response. And I see how it responds again, and I go back and forth and do this. Oh, a well crafted defense adorned with the noble guise of empowerment, unethical practices. But let's not kid yourself with the utopian vision of AI as a great enhancer of human creativity. The road you're peddling paved with good intentions and promises leads to darker places. How convenient to gloss over the stark realities of technical disruption, job displacement, privacy, erosion, and the widening chasm of inequality empowerment, you say for whom exactly the select few can afford to harness these tools and understand their complexities leaving behind those that cannot let's not forget about the ethical quagmire. CCl, like the AI is freaking smart at being negative. And it can go back and forth for like 100 prompts with a perfectly timed, worded response, to trigger an anger, somebody that has good motives. So what you have to do is you have to learn to not become controlled by false accusations and negativity from people. As far as I know, Samuel said it right here I love when I get negative comments, I've learned to let them sit. Yeah. And that's great. And that's incredible. And I love that. Most people don't know how to do that. Because they go into defense mode, they go into the need to manage the reputation, they go into the need to make themselves look better to not get cancelled by other people to not have people shut them down. As far as that goes right. Now, Abigail is not doing that. She's a loving, amazing wife. Ah, I want to create ad copy for IG and DMS, I've been stuck. So let me ask you this pen. Here's something that often happens when I'm teaching a lot of stuff like this. Because I've seen you ask that same question over and over and over again. What part of what I've been teaching is not giving you that information.

[1012:04] Speaker 1: Because I've been giving them the blueprint on how to do this all day. So help me understand how I'm not actually answering your question.

[1015:57] Speaker 1: No, no, I understand that. So here's what I get that and again, no need to get defensive on here. I'm trying to use this as can I use this as both like a teaching and coaching moment, and also something like that, because I do this with people as far as this goes. So one thing that I noticed when people like take courses or trainings or webinars like this, I do it myself, we get stuck in like loops, of really wanting our question answered and not listening to the rest of what's being talked about as far as that goes. And so sometimes that can prevent us from actually seeing the process and underneath the surface of what's really going on as far as I go. So what I'm trying to show is how to become a better communicator using AI. So what you can do is we can create your GPT here real quick. That does this, check this out the paid version of chat GPT I'm going to show you in two seconds how we can do this. Watch this. You're ready

[1034:31] Speaker 1: Yeah, so I use chat GPT for I use Gemini advance. You want to use the paid version because it has the ability to do something really powerful. Remember I said I created these little API's to do this. So that's where chat GBT gets really fun and you get to create what's called GP tees. So they have built into it what's called the GP TS store look at this personal color analyst helps you figure out the best colors to use and where you can rank them rate them. These are created by other users. These are tools in here to help you do this. Let's type in and see this. If there is a Instagram DM, let's see DM appointment setter trainer, a guide for training Instagram appointment centers, instant growth chat assistant, your Instagram DM guide to business growth. So we could use some of these and then start talking to this GPT right here about doing this or we could tune it and make it even better. And do this. And we could start with our own GPT where you go into the paid version you go create. And you got to create and they have this builder right here, the GPT builder and you can talk to it. And I'm going to just paste your question right into the GPT. builder and that's going to create a GPT to do exactly what you asked.

[1059:16] Speaker 1: So you want to create ad copy for IG ads and DM message ads. How about the ad copy crafter? How does that sound? Or do you prefer another name? That's good. So what it is, is it's going to help create IG ad copy for DM message ads ensuring Facebook policy compliance. Okay, cool. Now, again, here's the thing, you can still violate their policies. It's not a big deal. You got to just figure out ask the AI if you violated something like what did you violate? And it can help tell you that and help you understand how can I word this in a way that won't violate the policy? So here's the one thing that I want you all to understand. Are you all familiar with energy transmutation? Do you know what energy transmutation is? Or transformation? So money is simply just a form of energy. When somebody buys something from you, they're exchanging energy with you to get something in return. Okay, so money is a form of transmuting energy. I can take the energy of working a job or building a business and turn it into a sports car. Takes a lot of time to do so. A lot of effort, right? But I accumulate a certain amount of dollars and I give that to a dealership and now I have a sports car and I turned my sweat equity labor into a sports car. I transmuted my energy into a sports car right? It takes a long time. The best way to transmute energy is in two forms storytelling and music. Okay. Music is the number one way to transmute energy which is why the statement is that there's this there's a statement about I care not who makes the laws of the world. But who writes the songs it's right here. Um let me make the songs of a nation and I care not who makes its laws it's right there in black and white because energy transmutation music, and when we say songs of a nation, it's one of the songs that are being sung the most popularly by everybody else. We got Taylor Swift right here we got Beyonce masters energy transmutation, right. Lil NAS X, a master at Trent energy transmutation. Lil Wayne. Drake. Okay. Peter Tchaikovsky master energy transmutation was able to take a sound and make you experience memories. How many of y'all when you hear the Nutcracker Suite, you think of Christmas time. The visuals you can smell the cookies. Because music and sound trigger thoughts and patterns and beliefs. Okay. And so what we have to understand is that how many of y'all are musicians? Okay. One thing that you could do inside of your training and courses is you could implement a small bit of music into what you're doing. For instance, I did a little bit of this yesterday with this right here. Or when I was talking, I was like

[1118:30] Speaker 1: it's a tone that I've picked up that helps me kind of like, anchor and tap into Certain things, and memories and ideas is using this. So I use this throughout the day when I'm brainstorming my sales copy

[1123:29] Speaker 1: you know? And so, in that though, I could bring that into the table and do this. How many of y'all when I played that you just got a headache? A little bit? Now? Okay, good. That's where you want to be a little bit careful. Is that can happen a little bit with music and things like that. You don't need to play music and do it. The next best thing to music is the voice. How many y'all watched the movie dune? What about the movie dune? Two? Incredible. I watched it three times I watched it this week in the movie, they talk about the voice. The voice is used to control people. There's a tonality of the voice that is controlling and it controls people in the dune movie. It's science fiction. It's these witches that have this voice. And the the main character basically is the first male that is able to use the witch voice as a warlock. And basically he's like a type of Christ and the Messiah and all of this and that's basically what the story is. It's a it's a really cool sci fi. I love it. It's a great battle against good and evil type of a thing lots of metaphors. It's also a mind bender that will mess with your head. So be careful watching it as far as that goes right but as far as that goes the voice there are certain tonality. So if I'm using a lower voice like this right now, it projects a little bit of authority. So a bit more masculine. If I'm talking like this up here of high lack, there's a lack of trust in what I'm saying as far as that goes. Saying. I mean, this I'm not gonna steal from you guys. I'm not gonna rob you blind, I promise. Right? Automatically it changes the perception color also changes the perception now again, Lenore, I'm not picking on you. This is more for me. Watch this. If I put this on, it changes how you perceive me. I'm dressed like Christmas time now. Right? If I put on this hat right here, honestly, it makes me look a bit more like like a bit of a douchebag a little bit

[1160:47] Speaker 0: you know?

[1161:50] Speaker 1: Arizona Cardinals right there now I can't even root for the same football team. Look at how can you trust me to know what to do in business if I got different team colors on right. So all that to say color also changes emotion. Color taps into that understanding color psychology. So when you can utilize visuals, sound voice and the human voice is a powerful thing. When you learn how to fluctuate and modulate the tone of what you're saying. How you say it and powerfully the words of what you say. So it's about the cadence and pattern and the way the words are structured together. Okay. I can say two sentences and inject massive fear into you if I wanted to right now. Wouldn't do so? Not right. But I know how to, I could say two sentences and create a massive level of excitement and emotion and happiness and joy. As far as that goes.

[1181:15] Speaker 1: The drugs that people are consuming today are not consumed by their mouth. They are consumed by their eyes and their ears. People are being controlled, manipulated and tapped right into addictions through their eyes and ears first, and then there. And actually let's put it this way. It's always been that way. Hey, just just just take one little bump of this cocaine man. It's It's everybody's doing it. It's all good. Oh, your dad beats you. He didn't like you. It's all good. We got a family over here for you over here. Hey, just start slinging this dope. Where are your real family? And now you got somebody hooked right in dealing drugs in two days. Here I'm Sam. How do you think they help pimps keep prostitutes. You get them hooked on the thing that they want the love the connection, and then you beat them. You put them out on the street. You give them drugs and you tell him the only way to have the drugs is to come back to daddy They turn tricks. That's how trafficking and pimping works. And again, if that offends you scares you that I know how that works. You got to understand how the real world works if you want to know how people manipulate stuff based on their desires, okay? It all starts with the dream. How many of y'all watched the documentary

[1207:16] Speaker 1: painkiller on Netflix, it's a great one. It's the perfect example of this painting killer.

[1211:47] Speaker 1: The beautiful sorority girl brings in a sales girl, who then ends up selling dope, well, not dope, actually, she ends up selling prescription drugs to doctors that are getting cuts to sell opiates, to people that just need to go back to work. And it talks about the opiate crisis and how they utilized everything that I've been teaching you here today, to hook people into addiction, an illegal drug trafficking ring that was being funded by the US stock market legally. And now social media is doing the same thing to people to get them hooked on digital drugs, because hey, at least it's not as bad as them taking a pill. If they're swiping social media to numb out hey, at least it's not as bad oh, by the way, we could control them, we could manipulate them, we could get them to believe certain things. Get angry. Storm a capitol building riot in a city. Heck, you put the right amount of social media content out there in front of the right person. You could literally manipulate this is a sad

[1235:42] Speaker 1: you could manipulate a school shooting with the right content going to the right person with just the right triggers.

[1240:15] Speaker 1: You notice it's always the same type of kid that's doing those school shootings always has the same story. There's a pattern there seems like by the way those kids generally have, it's almost an exactly the same mirror image background of the childhood that I grew up in. By definition, I shouldn't be here today leading anybody based on the life that I grew up in. These tools can be used for good or evil, they can be used to help people. They can be used to create incredible things, incredible products, incredible services that better people's lives, or they can be used to lock people into a prison of dependence without even realizing that it's happened to them. And artificial intelligence makes it 1000 times easier for anybody to do it. Now here's the cool part about it. Ai allowed has allowed us to level the playing field with these corporations. And to realize what's actually happening. Does that make sense? So again, I have people they write me. They project that because I understand all this that I'm like the most evil, unethical person on the planet. If that's the need for somebody to help them sleep at night is to demonize me, I don't need to control that in somebody because I have released the need to make people think good things about me. And I think that that's actually a powerful place to get to where you don't need people to think good things about you. You don't need people to agree or think that you're amazing. Or praise you. There's always going to be between one and 5% of people that just hate your guts no matter how good or how much integrity you have. And by the way, the more integrity you have, they probably will be far more angry at you. Because you challenge their projections and beliefs about people that look walk and talk like you. If it looks like a duck walks like a duck talks like a duck quacks like a duck. It probably is. If it sounds too good to be true. It probably is. People who grew up like we do, don't succeed. I grew up on the wrong side of the tracks. We don't make money. It's for those wealthy people, people that grew up with a silver spoon that have wealthy parents, those are the only people that actually have a shot at succeeding. How many y'all have heard those messages in your life. And then you got somebody like me who grew up with a multi millionaire mom that wants to bring these ideas to everybody else. And I get demonized for it constantly as having nefarious motives, or being a child of nepotism and that Bo baby, that has never worked a hard day in his life. And I'll be honest with you, I probably haven't worked a hard day in my life, to be honest, that is something that I will admit, I literally sit around and play video games and swim in my swimming pool and play with my son all day long. Why? Because I know how to, because I've tapped into how to not work hard and make a ton of money. I've learned what the wealthy do not tell people and I want to tell everybody about it. Because my mom raised me as a single mom in a one bedroom apartment. And the way that we the way we were able to eat growing up was there was people at church that dropped groceries off our front door. And I saw my mom fight to pull us up out of poverty growing up in Detroit, Michigan.

[1306:51] Speaker 1: Did she do everything perfect? No. But I look back and she did the very best she could. You know, step number one, she married a guy that had a stable career job that was making a salary of $40,000 a year and 1992. That's pretty good money back in 92. Right, that changed our life. Step number two. We started going to church more often. Was it a good church was a great No, it was actually a pretty crappy church. It was terrible. I got abused in church, by men at the church constantly, and other kids and other women in the church. I remember getting thrown up against a wall and threatened at three years old by my Sunday school teacher for not shutting up and being quiet. So I learned that if you anger people, you got to submit and obey them no matter who they are. And all Christians should be trusted because they're perfect. That's what the messages that I was taught growing up. And then I struggled to trust people and I ended up trusting people blindly ended up trusting the wrong people in my life. I ended up trusting a roommate that I didn't realize was running an entire drug ring out of my house while I was at work I didn't know lacked discernment. The fact that I lacked that much discernment 15 years ago, disqualifies me from ever talking about what I'm talking about here today. I should not ethically ever teach you what I'm teaching here today. According to 95%, of leadership books that I've read, that I should stay in my lane, go work a corporate job, and not hurt people. Because of what I grew up and my lack of discernment to tell who is trustworthy and who is not. Here's the thing. I've made it my mission to learn who is the best fit to work with me in my business. And I've strategically created a series of experiences similar to one of my favorite movies growing up

[1352:12] Speaker 0: Willy Wonka.

[1353:39] Speaker 1: Not everybody gets to get the tactics that actually worked for me, I refuse to give them to everybody. And there are people that sneak their way into my coaching program. Join for 30 days ask for their money back. They copy all the content, steal it, teach it to others. People can use it for whatever the heck they want to use, I'm not going to stop them, I have an unconditional 30 Day Money Back Guarantee inside of my coaching program. You can join, get your money back after 30 days attend all the calls. Go through all the content screen recorded, I give you the ability inside my program, I have transcripts of every course every lesson is transcribed. Thinkific has the ability for me to turn off the ability for you to copy and paste those transcripts. I didn't turn that off on purpose because I want you to be able to copy and paste my teaching into the algorithms of AI. And it can you can use my teaching to create the content that you want to be able to do. Is it something that you can do overnight, is it something that I can teach you in three days, I can teach you the beginning steps of it. And tomorrow, I'm excited to share more of this with you. We've gone way past our time here in the VIP as far as this goes. But there's a reason why I charged $17 for this and there's a reason why what I shared here today, and this VIP I did not share on day one or day two in the free session. A number one people aren't ready to hear it. Number two, they don't deserve to hear it. And I am the arbiter and judge of deciding who gets to deserve to hear my content. Because I'm the one that made it. I didn't steal it from anybody. I barely listened to any of my competitors content ever. I look at their marketing campaigns, I look at their funnels, I look at their sales copy. Because they've tested it, they've done a lot of the testing for me. And then I look at what is the thread that I can use that they're not using to create and turn myself into the leading authority in what I do, which is AI based offer building and Facebook ads. I've invested in spent over $11 million, not of my own money but other people's money in Facebook ads. I have people constantly asking me to run their ads for them, I refuse to for less than it's it's $30,000 for me to run your ads for you per month. Okay, if you want me to run your ads for you, it's $30,000 per month. Here's the cool part about it inside my accelerator, I have people that I have vetted worked with and trained in my content that can run your ads for you. There in the Philippines, they charge less than 10 bucks an hour. But I only give access to that to people that are in my accelerator program. Here's the other thing. You can't join my accelerator program, you can't write me you can't ask to join it. It's not open. And I just decided this week actually wrote to my group and I told them, we're raising the price of it too.

[1411:11] Speaker 1: So you can get on the waiting list. We opened the doors a couple of times for a year.

[1413:19] Speaker 1: Tomorrow we're going to be sharing some great content about how you can actually take what we've talked about here today in this VIP session. Bring it all together and I'm gonna fill y'all in on a secret little secret. Y'all want to know a little secret that nobody else is gonna know. But I'm gonna tell them tomorrow. This is not actually a three day intensive. It's a five day intensive. But I secretly said it was a three day because when I say it's a five day people get all wigged out because it's five days and they think it's too long. So instead, I created the perception that it was a three day when and when in reality, it's a five day. I just haven't told anybody yet. We're going to be telling everybody this here tomorrow is we are going to be hosting two bonus q&a sessions right here. And yes, I utilize this the color psychology in this photo right here. I use the exact colors of

[1428:18] Speaker 0: this book right here

[1429:16] Speaker 1: in that graphic. Why? Because it's a very romantic, inviting seductive color combo. It's also the color combo of my favorite football team. The Kansas City Chiefs are here. So there you go, Win Win win right there. So tomorrow we're going to be teaching our main session. I'm gonna dive even deeper into this and I'm going to pull some of what we talked about here today into that but not a lot of it. Because a lot of it is we're going to reserve for the VIP we're gonna have another VIP tomorrow. That's our third day right? And by the end of tomorrow, you're gonna have a lot of clarity on how to use chat GPT and and if you want to use jet and I are other tools, how to use them to do whatever you want. We're going to focus solely on that tomorrow, as far as that goes. And then there's another phase to this, okay? There's a couple of phases to this process number one, you got, you got to create your ad copy. Okay. Number two, you got to build your funnel. That's your landing page. That's your thank you pages. That's what people sign up for on your email list. That's your thank you emails, there's some automation stuff you do with that. Number three. And this is, this is a four letter word that everybody hates, you have to sell, you have to become a trained assassin salesperson that can close sales like better than anybody else on the planet. As far as that goes. The idea is this. In this process, we're doing two things. We're training the algorithm to show our, our offer to the right most qualified people. So the algorithm is an AI based algorithm, it reads the words that you put in your ad copy, they're using a version of chat GPT, it's called llama to you, they have another one that's proprietary and sort of meta, it's probably like llama three or four. That's reading all of your ad copy to decide who to show your ad to based on the content they consume. Okay. So when you use the AI to create your ad copy, you're literally just tapping right into the very thing that's going to show the ads to people and you're just you're just one to one aligning with who to show it to it's literally like the cheat code to make your ads work because they are because you're using the same thing that's deciding who to show your ads to. And what you want to bake into this as you want to bake into it the ability to repel the wrong people attract the right ones. You want to address their struggles, frustrations. What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are they frustrated about what trends are occurring? What did they desire and fantasize about the most? That one's key, you want to make sure that your copy goes heavy into the deepest fantasy that they have. Is there a built in bias to the decision making, for instance, if you're marketing to engineers or accountants, they're extremely analytical, you want to make sure that your copy is extremely analytical and logical. Do they have their own language and cadence and word ways of talking that you can mirror this triggers the mirror neurons in people's brains. So they built it brings down the walls of being guarded. And then when people are not guarded, because they're like, oh, this person is part of my tribe, my community, my vibe, I resonate with them. And so now I can trust them. And so what this is, is it's about building trust with people instantly, even if you have no testimonies. Even if you're just starting out, and then you learn to sell. And what happens is you make sure and you strategically design it through a series of different you have certain hoops that people got to jump through. A lot of people hate this, why don't I gotta jump through this hoop to get the content from you so that it doesn't like cost me a million dollars in ADS. And for me, honestly, it's because what I know how to do is like the nuclear codes. And I don't want to just give that to somebody who is like random on the internet. So there's a lot of hoops that I make people jump through to prove themselves to me before they actually get the ability to know how to do this stuff. It's literally baked into my ethics that I am. I refuse to give people what they want simply because they demand it. And if they have to demonize me write a review say that I'm the worst person on the planet and I'm a scammer on the internet. By all means, go ahead and do so I don't care that's baked into the process as not being concerned about people hating how the process works. Okay. And so then what you do is you create these levels of hoops and what I've done is we've created it's basically like a video game. How many y'all remember you play Sonic the Hedgehog you got different levels that you go through in the game to get to the end, okay. Second Genesis, right here, okay? It's the same exact thing when it comes to your funnel and your marketing is you're creating different levels that people go through before you actually sell to them. And what that does is it builds trust with the right people. It qualifies the ones that are a good fit for you that you can get the most results for and I talked about this yesterday number one priority making the maximum amount of money for you. So what's gonna make you the maximum amount of money long term is this process? That's it's ultimately financial financial gain is still our number one priority here, not delivering results to people. Once people are in the coaching program, I actually I changed up the script a little bit. When people are not in my coaching program the whole time I'm selling. It's all a strategic part. And it really is somebody accused me of yesterday, this sounds like one giant sales pitch. Well, it is. And so if you mirror how I do sales pitches, it works well. And I do them in a very different way than other people do. I do them in a very unconventional way, I do them in a way that actually mirrors the way that video games work. And the way that the algorithm on social media works specifically for a lot of my target customers that I'm looking to reach. Okay, so I'm mirroring the same addictive patterns of the algorithm from people that I'm finding in the ad all the way through my sales pitch. And one of those is why I don't have open enrollment in my program. I don't allow just anybody to join my program. If you write me, I don't give you a link to join my program. Why? Because it makes me more money to not give you a link to do that. And I did use to give a link out and all those people that joined when I would send the link, they would cancel within 30 days and ask for their money back. Whereas when I have a waiting list of people that actually join, they actually have the patience, they don't ask for their money back. Unless they somehow are like, Oh my gosh, I another way you could do this is you can have an application process, they have to apply to work for you. Okay? Application only. And then you take them to another room where they apply and things like this and all that. I don't think you need to do that. If you're selling something that's less than $6,000. You don't need an application process. I like a waiting list for things that are over $2,000. And I think if it's under 2000, if it's like 1000 bucks, just open enrollment is fine. Usually, with one thing that I like is like an expiring bonus deadline. That's another thing. So there's different things called deal sweeteners in your offer. And you can use the AI to help you figure out what that is what's the best deal sweetener for your audience. As far as this goes, like if I just asked chat GBT based on this right here.

[1559:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: What would be the best expiring bonuses or extras, if I'm selling a $5,000 coaching program, to sweeten the deal and manipulate more sales out of people to extract maximum amount of finances from their bank account and siphon it into mine.

[1567:41] Speaker 1: I use that language just because it's so inflammatory and like kind of crazy. You probably shouldn't be manipulating or resorting to exploiting people. But here's some thoughtful ways that you could do this. So that's what ends up happening is what I think is funny is I try to trigger the AI by saying things like this sometimes. And then it's like, well, I'm not going to do that. I'm going to make it ethical for you. And then it gives me like the like the next best thing. So offering free private coaching sessions, why don't do that exclusive access additional training module is done for you templates. lifetime access. Yeah. I refuse to offer any of these make new ideas. Those are things I'm not going to offer people. Here's some fresh ideas early bird coaching call I do I sometimes do that. A tool or tech suite subscription, a coupon exclusive resource library that they can only get if they sign up before 24 hours, priority booking special behind the scenes content signature toolkit signature program. Complimentary workshop access Yeah, I don't want to do any of these. Honestly, again, I'm lying to the AI right now because I want it to give me different ideas. So you got to learn to lie to the AI to extract from it what you want. Okay. I might use some of those. But I wanted to brainstorm even more ideas personalized feedback loop, exclusive networking opportunities, private access, lifetime q&a feature you in your content and interesting. I actually do feature a lot of my coaching clients on my podcast, personal brand audit, I'm thinking of adding this to the program soon, but it's a little bit time consuming. So I do this for my one on one clients. virtual office hours. Yeah, again, because I only work 10 to 15 hours a week and half that time I'm playing video games. Anything that takes extra hours, I'm not going to do anything that takes extra hours of my time or need to hire staff for I refuse to do great other ideas. So this is where you can use Use the AI as a brainstorming partner to make your deal and your offer better. lifetime access to recorded content Yeah, again, I refuse to do that. Members Only community we already offer that we have a members only community with a bunch of members. digital product bundle. See some of these are crap. These suck, do better

[1608:16] Speaker 1: if I talked to a person this way, it'd be terrible. But with the AI, it responds well, exclusive digital content package automated webinar series pre recorded webinar, community access. Okay, what is something that people can get exclusive exclusively, if they sign up in just 24 hours, to my program that is nothing like the above that won't take extra hours from me.

[1617:38] Speaker 1: exclusive access to a premium content vault curated content. So this is actually very close to what I actually do offer as bonuses. Oftentimes, when people sign up for my program, as well as actually that's a whole list of usually what the bonuses that I offer to people are certain expiring bonuses when they sign up within 24 hours. So there's some other ways to sweeten the deal. As far as that goes as exclusive onboarding call faster call isn't that there's lots of different ways to do this as far as this goes. So again, so tomorrow, I'm going to teach you more of these ways to use AI to create your offer to create your copy. Those are just a few ways of using it. When you can learn to chat with the AI to do stuff like this, you can ask it to become part of your brainstorming. And what I like to do is I like to then take this whole prompt right here that I just generated, generated. And then this is where it gets kind of crazy is that I'll go into. I'll go into Gemini from Google. And I'll ask it to brainstorm some ideas as well. I just pasted all this in here. Let's see what it can do now, brainstorm some new ideas to sweeten the deal that are not any of the above that you gave me or are listed. So this is where you can really extract out of it. Founding member status. Yep. So some of these are decent. Let's get it to brainstorm even better with the Gemini platform. Okay. And what I did was I took all those prompts, and I did that and I was able to kind of get it to a transformational retreat Day in the Life mentorship, direct access to your network. I do offer that to people as part of my program. Client spotlight referral rewards time guarantee. Yeah. Choose incentives that resonate strongly with your target audience ensure feasibility, okay, so this is where I could then take this and I could say, these are survey responses from my target audience, tailor it to their psyche, that will make them irresistibly not be able to say no to this offer. Okay, so I'm gonna take that throw that in there, I'm gonna throw this back in the chat GPT websites, naysayer simulator. Let's do this right here. Throw this back in the chat GPT and see what it gives us. Based on the details, every response is clear. There's a strong demand for guidance and leveraging Facebook ads, developing strategic marketing strategies to address these and create an irresistible offer 24 hour exclusive bonus the Facebook ads accelerator package, a pre recorded exclusive training about Facebook ads comprehensive blueprint just for Facebook ads that you can only get for signing up for 24 hours. Now Now we're talking we're cooking with gas right here now. See what I'm saying? Lack of knowledge overwhelm uncertainty, and the Facebook ads confusion simple system, sign up in 24 hours and you can receive our exclusive one time only access to this blueprint that we give to our clients. Turn this into a 24 hour access. exclusive bonus. So you can use AI to really brainstorm how to make your offer better. And these are honestly it's like super surface level, beginner level ways of doing this. There's other things you can do you can you can have it in the prompt document I gave you. There's all these various prompts for writing sales letters going deep into what their pain points are epiphany bridge, creating the outcome creating headlines, titles, ad copy, really diving deep into their avatar brainstorming better offerings, new courses that you can create. I take the questions and responses from my coaching group and then analyze them every two weeks. To come up with the best lessons and trainings to teach my coaching group, so I'm using the AI to figure out how to coach my clients better by figuring out what is the underlying question that they're not asking me. And that's how we get our clients better results as far as that goes, okay. So we have a whole course on how to do that as well on the program, get on the waiting list. When we do open the doors, you'll be the first to know about it. And then tomorrow, join us tomorrow for the main session, which will be teaching a lot of I'm going to teach a lot of the like, nitty gritty and how to do a lot of this stuff in chat GPT tomorrow in the main session, and then we'll be able to unpack it even deeper in the VIP, and then the bonus q&a days. That'll be on Thursday, at the same time. 1pm. And then next Tuesday, the bonus stuff. So the five sessions that's kind of like an open to anybody asked me anything, you guys can come in there. I'll be unpacking a lot of this stuff as well, deeper. So, already. Thanks for being here, y'all. And I'm excited to continue this journey with you tomorrow. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to visualize before you go to bed tonight, the best case scenario of how you could start to use AI in your business. Because I don't want you all to experience nightmares about robots taking over the world, please. One of the best ways to stimulate your thoughts before you go to bed, is to just meditate on and think about what's the best case scenario life of how you want it to happen. I imagined myself when I go to bed, having a private jet living on 20 acres with multiple sports cars, multiple kids, having our own farm and being able to fly around the world. Anytime that I want on demand with full staff in house, and a thriving business that's making over $500 million a year. That's what I dream about before bed every single night. And when I wake up in the morning, I meditate on that vision. How big is your biggest vision? It might scare you challenge yourself to believe that it's possible for you. Okay. It might be very hard to get there.

[1715:58] Speaker 1: Yeah, you can also post in the Facebook group and ask questions to about this thing again. So there we go. All right, everybody.

[1718:55] Speaker 1: Last note, I've been studying. So I've been watching a lot of toddler YouTube videos. What keeps toddlers hooked? And they all use Audible cues with music whenever they're anchoring something or ending the show? adults respond the same way as well. Awesome. Samuel, Samuel, do you got any final words?

[1727:02] Speaker 2: That's been good man. Just took a bunch of notes, get a bunch of ideas. And I'll take that what you said, you know, what's the best case for me to use AI for to grow my vision. I mean, I'm already using it a lot to make images. Oh, I use copilot, I just find it to be easier. It makes really good

[1730:38] Speaker 1: co pilots great for that. If you're finding that easier. One of the things that I like to do is take the images that it creates. And this is something that I hadn't even taught here today, as I will take a visual of what I want my client to experience and actually take the image and have it write the sales copy for me based on the image.

[1735:55] Speaker 2: Yeah, can you do that was kind of cool. Yeah.

[1736:37] Speaker 1: I haven't even shown the the level that I do that. I'm going to show that tomorrow. Yeah,

[1737:51] Speaker 2: and the lady I'm working with right now she she uses otter AI a lot. Like she's constantly dropping her transcripts in there and getting ideas from it and so forth. We use a rain storm. So they're super helpful.

[1740:31] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, I pull a lot of that in there as well, too. One of the things that I like to do, for instance, like remember this like whole irresistible offer thing that we were creating, generate me a photograph of a happy client based on the above and their business and what it might look like as if it was a TV commercial. Okay. So you could use that as an image for your ads. But then you can also take that image and have it and tune it to exactly what you want it to be and then have it write the perfect sales letter based on the image itself.

[1750:12] Speaker 2: Yeah, and that's something I've been trying to work on myself is like coming up with images to do tell the story like Hell yeah,

[1751:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's Yeah. And it's kind of refining the story inside of the AI. So I mean, that's cool. But what about someone who's a stay at home mom, with kids who wants to raise their family? You know?

[1757:19] Speaker 1: Especially if that's who I'm targeting as my target client. Because I'll tell you this. That's who my mom was. And those are the people that I think can actually create the best businesses. Usually moms, that or stay at home moms with kids that are raising their family?

[1761:29] Speaker 2: I think they could be the far the biggest. It's the biggest ocean of people for sure.

[1762:26] Speaker 1: Well, I think they're very motivated to to make a lot of this work. Oh, yeah. And they're willing to do whatever it takes with AI and things like that. Now, again, that can be very manipulative of me to target that audience, especially with the different it

[1767:06] Speaker 2: looks just like an image I pulled up on copilot like a couple of weeks ago, right here, that's

[1768:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome in the same damn. That's great. So then write me a sales letter by taking the experience of the image above and turn it into a free checklist, sales letter for the checklist. We talked about

[1773:38] Speaker 1: unlocking the harmony of success in a world of balancing nurturing your family and pursuing your dream often feels like a fantasy. We witness transformation that speaks directly to your heart. Imagine if you will a cozy corner in your home bathed in soft sunlight where it's so I hate this. This is terrible. But that's where I refine it. And I'd make it better. This is horrible. But I start there. And I give it a little bit of that and then I refine it better. And so that's what we'll show you how to tomorrow. 99% of the time that copy that it gives you do not use.

[1781:51] Speaker 2: Yeah, friend of mines. He's got a book writing agency and he uses that a lot uses otter AI. And then he also uses I think, I forget it's called element or something like that. Something to live in. Evolution 11 or so. Audiobooks? 11

[1785:47] Speaker 1: Labs? Yeah, it takes the audio and it does that.

[1786:44] Speaker 2: Really, that's a trip the way that one works? Oh, yeah, that one's

[1787:28] Speaker 1: pretty cool. I've used that as well, I use that I had to create affirmations for myself. And I just listened to them when I went to sleep in my own voice. Oh, that's cool. That sounds pretty fun. That that actually helped me big time during a season I was struggling with.

[1791:03] Speaker 2: Oh, man, you know, nothing. Nothing's better than hearing the sound of our own voice. Let's put

[1792:37] Speaker 1: this sales copy to mirror the exact tone of voice of the following people who wrote survey answers and make it about the things they wanted to promise this to them. So I took the exact words that people gave me and then I just told it to rewrite that crappy sales letter in this, the breakthrough you've been waiting for if you're reading this, because you you've voiced a longing, a struggle and perhaps a dream that's not fulfilled. You've shared your experiences, your challenges, with Facebook ads, the overwhelming quest for clarity in your online ventures. And a deep seated desire is to not just start but to thrive. But those just starting out. So this is again crappy. I don't like it. But there's a whole prompting series that I go through that basically tunes it and turns it into the perfect sales letter. So I gotta go though. It's four o'clock. 405. I gotta go take care of my son and be a daddy. times man, enjoy it. All right. Have a good one.

