VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-02-02T22:47:15.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: JrtOoFR7_F1ZjNFPm4D-xKjQZLI
---

[0:57] Speaker 0: All righty Ready? Ready? Here we go. So participants go live in the Facebook group over here

[7:04] Speaker 1: in a moment

[12:07] Speaker 1: right

[15:25] Speaker 0: going live over there. Hello, hello, hello welcome on over everybody. Welcome on over to our VIP. Thanks, everybody. Thank you. Thank you for your patience here today. I know everybody here, a lot of you I'm sure value things that are on time that commit to doing what they say. And so again, I know that we started this VIP here today later. So we're going to extend out the end of it again, like by another 30 minutes, if you have to go at four o'clock Eastern at the top of the hour, let me know post in the chat. And you might be able to skip ahead. If you have a question to ask, do you want to come up and do that that way we can at least help you and serve you in that way. And so what I want to what I want to do is I want to dive deeper into what we talked about here today. I want to answer any questions, maybe walk you through anything, if there's anything that you're just like, hey, I need, I need you to walk me through this, I need you to show me again, stuff like that. That's what this time is right here. And then we have tomorrow basically, it's gonna be just like this same type of VIP setting, but I'm opening it up to everybody for that. And so and then we're doing the same thing on Tuesday as well. So raise your hand if you have a question that you want to ask or address right now when it comes to what we talked about whether it be the technology, the the marketing, creating content, the selling, maybe it's your time management, your sales, copy your you want to retain clients how to not burn out how to not like have to work 100 hours to do all this stuff. And I tell you all you don't have to work. Even a 10th as hard as most people think they need to in this business in this business as far as that goes. That's okay, Akiko. Yeah, you will get the recording to that as well. Um, I'm gonna butcher this name here. A Ariane air air. Last name is Avalon. Last name is Avalon.

[54:34] Speaker 2: muted me. Hello. Great. Awesome. Thank you. I am wondering. Let's see I have done a few summits before. And I am thinking about potentially making courses out of those summits because I have seen you know, like high level summit leaders do that type of thing. I'm wondering what you might suggest about something like that

[60:36] Speaker 0: helped me understand a little bit more what you have in mind, because there's there's a lot of scalably Cappotelli like 20 different ways you could probably do that. And some of them will probably better. Let's let's maybe optimize that idea for you.

[64:29] Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah, embodied resiliency is one of the summits that I ended up doing. Right. So what's it called? Embodied resiliency.

[67:00] Speaker 0: Okay, what does that

[67:18] Speaker 2: mean? Yeah, yeah, of course, you'd have asked that question. The ability to be able to thrive and create a adventurous healthy life.

[70:41] Speaker 0: Okay.

[71:00] Speaker 2: Mm hmm. Something like that. Yeah.

[71:42] Speaker 0: So yeah, so that that would be like the outcome that they have. But then the word resilient anyways, that doesn't matter. I'm like, that's like step two or three to the sales copy. One thing that we try to do is really try to like, make it very clear to people in what's described and stuff like that. Anyways, let me know. So you did a summit. And there's a number of leaders on there, right? Yeah, yeah. There's you already did it and you recorded it. Yes. Okay. And so now what you want to know Can I sell it? And can I? What do you want to what's the purpose behind selling that?

[81:35] Speaker 2: What's the purpose behind selling that? Well, generating some income?

[82:34] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay. Well, no, it's not it's not it might and it might I understand why you why it sounds silly, right? What's the purpose of selling it? You want to make money? What we've what I found is that like, I might sell something like this, like the VIP. But I'm not making a profit off of these VIP. Right registrants. So the purpose behind this VIP for me is a connection with people to hear what their questions are. It helps me refine my content, quite frankly, the VIP is it's a very selfish thing for me to even do. Because I use the questions that are asked to figure out how to get more people to register on my email list. So I'm basically using everybody else's questions, and I come up with all of that. Gotcha. So, so do you want to sell it for like 500? To $1,000?

[99:43] Speaker 2: Well, yeah, 500 would be great. Right? Yep.

[100:21] Speaker 0: Perfect. Um, with that, so when you hosted the summit? Was there any sort of like live interactivity with it? Well, I

[102:18] Speaker 2: mean, yeah, I definitely interviewed each of the speakers.

[102:58] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah. So I've got my audience interactivity,

[103:48] Speaker 2: live audience into there. Really? I mean, with a few of the bonuses, there was yes. Okay. Not how

[106:01] Speaker 0: many people joined you for it originally?

[106:44] Speaker 2: For the summit? Originally, I think there was about 600 people.

[107:52] Speaker 0: All right, very cool. How much did they pay for it?

[108:54] Speaker 2: You know, the standard 27 to $47 upgrade for VIP kind of thing.

[110:37] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay. If you just market it exactly the same way that you marketed that before you, you'll probably be able to get another three to 600 people. And as funny as that literally is like, it's it's, it's it's one of the funniest questions, a lot of people come in, and they're like, Well, you know, Jeremiah, I invested with you as a coach. And all you told me to do is do the same thing I already did. Yeah. Just keep doing more of what works. If you got 600 people there do more of that. Even if it seems boring, is a big one. You know what I mean? Okay. What's up?

[121:07] Speaker 2: Well, I mean, you know, I guess I just kind of, if I'm creating a course I, I'm wondering if I need to add some worksheets, as opposed to just the interview so that people can learn more, you know, by exploring certain subjects. Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, offers. Yeah, so I'm, you know, thinking about upgrading all of the content and making it super Skookum. To including these other kinds of things. I'm just wondering what your thoughts

[128:40] Speaker 0: Yeah. And if you're, if you're doing that, what I would do is I would even add in like, a micro, like, intro

[130:59] Speaker 2: course, excellent. Into

[131:32] Speaker 0: the summit, that kind of is like maybe it could literally, probably two sessions minimum or more to maybe two to three, since you already have so much content in the in the summit. And basically, you're you're you're teaching them how to get the most out of the summit in that intro course. So it's kind of like a, how to use the summit content, how to use the worksheets, and all of that. And then here's what I would do. I would call it something different than what you called it before it personally.

[138:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, no problem,

[138:52] Speaker 0: I get it. So you call it something different. So now you're able to repackage it as something new. The only thing that's really new about it is the worksheets and the that now, here's the difference with that, though, if people bought the original Summit, you'll have quite a few disappointed people that it's the same content. Right, right. Yes, for sure that happens. And that's why maybe adding new bonuses that weren't originally included, one one way that we always did repurposing before, we would give people like a 75% off coupon if they had already attended the original version, right. But all 600 of those people could get like a coupon. So if you charge 27, for that, you could charge for the new package like 500, but then you could give them like 80% off, so they get it for 100 bucks to upgrade what they already had. Now, you're not going to make a lot of money off of that part of it. But the amount of like goodwill that you're adding to the conversation with them is great. And then kind of the new people have to pay the full price type of a thing. So that's a way that I would like use old content and repurpose it so that it feels really good to people. Right, right, right,

[157:56] Speaker 2: online, you know, coaching with, you know, group calls, and I realized now that I've got so much content. Oh yeah, that Double and then I would like to just refurbish, and, you know, making the courses like, I mean, why not start there? And you know, make it a little prettier on the inside? Yeah, like that. Yeah. What's your sense about that? Should I start there? Or should I, you know, create something completely new? Because I'm one of those, like, super creative people that have 150 million ideas to get it looking at making, you know, multiple courses. And, you know, yeah, totally,

[166:36] Speaker 0: I was funny. I was just meeting with my team this morning before the session, and I was talking with them about how we can even streamline and we looked at I have, there's 49 courses in the accelerator. And so I'm like, Okay, I want to move like 45 of those to the archive, everybody still has access. But I want to just have like, these are like the like the five like flagship to start with, to kind of give people the foundational stuff. And so we're exploring exactly how to structure that and make it a lot simpler, right? As far as that goes, just to help people so that if they get overwhelmed,

[176:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe they're like, I don't I know some people, I guess. They're like, I just have trouble focusing whatever that is. They're dealing with that. And so it's my job I find now to serve that. I haven't I have a whole other like, training. I want to teach on that part of it. But I want to go back to your question here. Before I go off on a bunny trail. That's one of the biggest complaints people have about me, that was like, go off on bunny trails. And it's just like, butterfly. So that's yeah, I'm working on that. I'm your group coaching. How many people do you have on that right now?

[186:22] Speaker 2: Ah, it's like about 10 people. Okay, you know, yeah,

[187:35] Speaker 0: like a high ticket, like a 10 $20,000? Unfortunately,

[188:38] Speaker 2: no, it's not at that place at this moment. Okay. I need to go to that as well. Yeah.

[190:09] Speaker 0: Yeah. And $15,000 With the right structured program is actually very affordable for the right client.

[191:57] Speaker 2: No, I'm actually making a pivot because I have been in the spirituality niche. Okay. Yeah, yeah, there's not, you know, a lot of big spenders there, at least I haven't found them. And that's not and that's not necessarily the, you know, part of it. But I'm moving more into b2b with doing mindset and energetic alignment with entrepreneurs. Right, right. That's all saying that it's a little bit more niche down in regards to the fact that they're also spiritual, and you know, from their

[200:36] Speaker 0: soul, that's great. And you will, you'll that's, that's the right way to do it is where you need to shut down to where you're very upfront about this as a spiritual journey. On another client, I told her that I told her to go check out this the spiritual business course that Aubrey Marcus had, that he was promoting, because it's like, and it kind of fit what she was wanting to do. And I thought that that was really cool. Because, you know, he's got a huge brand, with his supplements and his coaching and his retreats. Right. But like, his main thing is still spirituality. And this like, I mean, I'll tell you this, some, some of his stuff is a little bit more fringe on the spirituality. But even for me, personally, but I love watching it, and I love his energy. And I really, like connect with him. When I watched it, I'm like, this is the kind of, like, spiritual energy that I want to have with my clients is like, how he is, you know, so accepting of everybody. Cool, you know?

[216:09] Speaker 2: Yeah. So I'm sort of thinking, you know, so there's like authenticity, there is, you know, impostor syndrome, there are, you know, all of these other challenges that women entrepreneurs have in regard, you know, money, trauma, blah, blah, blah, I was sort of thinking of just creating, you know, a library of, you know, five or six different great courses, and then, you know, packaging them all together in the future, because you had mentioned yesterday or the day before yesterday that you don't want to create a big long course for somebody you wanted to have it, you know, palpable and

[225:24] Speaker 0: yeah, and roll it out based on kind of the feedback these new members are doing. It's, it's, it's always worked really well to kind of sell something like that, where you have the courses and the coaching together as like the thing that you offer. And it's just sort of one thing that you send people into, versus having all these other little like branches that they could go to, because then what ends up happening was, and I've worked with clients that have done it that way, against what I had recommended. And they struggled a little bit in the beginning with that because of there was a lot of confusion as to what's the difference between the coaching versus the course. Gotcha. So bringing them all together is a better thing. I'll say this as people run their courses and coaching longer, you can then start to separate them out. better, and it actually is wise to do that. Like, again, there's such a threshold when a business is making a million dollars. And that's my like threshold that I've always looked at with my clients and my own business, where you start completely changing how you got to a million dollars, because that's how you're gonna get to 10 million. And so like what gets people to, to from zero to six figures, right is not what's gonna get them from six to seven. And then what got them from six to seven is what's gonna get them from seven to eight. But there's a, there's a process that that people go through. So what I always find is added options, while simultaneously simplifying is what is always what we're wanting to do, to where it takes people less time to make a decision of what to do, where to go, and how to work with you. Because the last the last, gosh, it's such a weird statement to say this, because I value I strongly value the idea of critical thinking, and encouraging people to really like because I'm a thinker myself, right? When you're creating your marketing, you don't want to make people think too hard. You you sort of want to lead them without them having to think very hard, because otherwise they'll think themselves right out of working with you. Right, generally. And so it's, I really actually struggled with that for a while because I felt like I was taking people's choices away. As, as somebody who felt like I didn't have a lot of choices in life growing up, I felt that that was even not serving them very well, myself. And I realized and I learned like, it's actually it is serving people at a higher level to lead people in a way where are you sort of like, it's the best path for that group of people. And that there's not really a lot of the a lot of the options might be to go back to loopback to like free content that you have. Or it's more of an upward ladder versus wider. Right? So it goes deeper instead of wider. Here's it here's an example of that practically, like for instance, okay, I have over 260 Almost, is it almost 260? Are we over 260 podcast episodes anyways, I think it's like 259 to 60 podcast episodes, I do one a week. Each one is literally like a mini course by itself. It's about 20 minutes long. And I designed each lesson to be that way. And it's been that way since I started it. So the podcast alone is like its own free coaching program practically for people. I started it with that purpose in mind was before I had a group coaching program, my podcast served as group lessons for people. And it's continued in that way. Interestingly enough, I teach one concept that I usually brought to my accelerator on the podcast. So it's a very high level content. It's not for everybody. It's not very, like broad niche. What I like to do for people is if they're like, Hey, I don't know if joining your accelerators, right. I'm like, Hey, check it out, though. The podcast is awesome, right? You know, it's like I got I got other options for you, depending on if you're not ready to commit to buy, I have these options over here. Now, here's the thing, the messaging is going to be the same across everything, right, because everything for me leads up into joining my accelerator that leads up into becoming a one on one client with me after they're in the accelerator. And, you know, we decided a year and a half ago, and this was really good that I don't take any one on one clients anymore that are not in our accelerator program. So you either if you want to be one on one client, you are buying into both together, not separated out. And we found that the quality of the one on one interactions were a lot better that way. Because people had access to more variety, but they also had a lot more access to me. Like for instance, I don't do direct messages. I don't respond to private messages from people. It's just one of those boundaries that I've I really decided early on. Because how am I going to do that with 1000s of people in my programs, right? But I do respond to my one on one clients. And I and I have an expectation I may take a day or two to get back to you. And if it's going to even I had I had one of my one on one clients it was actually taking me three days to get back to him. Even though I'd set the expectation I told him on day one that after 24 hours I was like hey, I'm probably gonna need like another 48 hours to like process this. He was having me go over his sales copy and real He give like, we did like three rewrites of it already, like over the last week. And now he has a new version. And so I really, I'm doing this five day here. So I want to give him the highest quality version of what he's expecting. And so I told him, Hey, give me like an extra day on this. And he was like, totally fine. All people want is just communication to which is I found it oh, they just want they just want to be communicated to so. Right.

[326:46] Speaker 2: Right. Right. Right. But one quick question, if you don't mind. In regards to you also mentioning the membership, with all of this content that I've created, do I just want to you know, sort of have one off versions in a membership? Before I actually or do I want to go ahead and change it to a mini course, what's the best idea here?

[332:50] Speaker 0: Um, help helped me understand what that means a little bit. I'm not fully clear on what you mean by that. Okay,

[334:37] Speaker 2: so I've got, you know, various different kinds of, you know, astrological energies that end up coming in, okay, you know, a call on that, and how that's transforming you, you know, so then I'd like to upload that one in, you know, Gemini time or whatever it is, and, you know, go go through the whole astrological cycle in the year and have that be part of the membership.

[340:38] Speaker 0: That's that sounds like what I bet Facebook ads sounds like to other people, and I talked about it. Oh, because I don't understand that world. And I'm just like, I was like, well, that's probably what people feel like when I talk about Facebook ads. Sometimes? Nope. Like, again, I don't have to understand it to be able to kind of help you figure out so here's what the questions like whenever I'm mentoring people, I help people sell stuff, I have no clue, like, how would they it works. But it's how you frame it and how you communicate with the client. So what is the purpose behind those tools? Or them? What is the outcome of it? And again, I would say is it after somebody has already? Like, how many hours? Do they have need to have spent and gone through your content before they're ready for that type of stuff?

[354:37] Speaker 2: Oh, I don't know. I think it can, on some level, you know, just with an issue that I've been working with. It's something that they're already looking for. Okay.

[357:37] Speaker 0: They're already looking for it. That makes sense. That cosmic

[358:09] Speaker 2: consciousness?

[358:30] Speaker 0: I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Hi, no, it's interesting. I was just thinking about this, though, I bet.

[361:15] Speaker 0: Like, because that could be part of your I'm just, I'm brainstorming this part of your presentation. It's like an elevator pitch of what that is for people like me that have no clue. Gotcha. And now, you can get somebody like me to buy into something that I have no idea about. And now I'm on board in your world. And I wasn't already looking for it, but I was looking for the outcome. So that's why we attract people generally with like the the outcome. I'll tell people this that habit in spirituality. Because I teach it as well, like letting go of being so attached to how you want things to be right. Like letting go of that, that really deep attachment in our marketing, where we are speaking to their attachment usually. Mm hmm. Okay, I told her I told a life coach this recently is that they are already very much attached to that outcome, and that's why they're seeking. And so even if your methodology is to teach them to detach, I don't know if there's others, I really like I resonate with any sort of spirituality training, that's all about letting go because I grew up with so much of like, control, you know, so anything that's about letting go I'm like, Alright, like, that's what I that's, that's the stuff I love so much. And at the same time, it's funny, like when you let go, you get more of what you want. And so with that, I taught a lot of people I'm like, you might teach that in there. But it's actually helping people realize in the marketing, what do they really want, what are they trying to get? What are they trying to control? What are they what are they trying to manifest and really speaking it the word I the word I say is your your your prophetically speaking the vision out to them before it happens before they come in. And so I always say that good sales and marketing is an impartation of a prophetic vision that they don't even know exists for them. And generally, you're helping them get it and what's funny is if it feels so aligned with what they're looking for, that they're like okay, I have finally found somebody that understands me and what I need and what I'm seeking. And, and so if we want to remove the spirituality from that language, because I teach a lot of people that are either really spiritual or they're like not at all like they're like, I don't, none of that makes sense to me. So I kind of like, hold the line between both because I kind of, that's me, I am kind of both right. I'm very much both sides. As I'll say, you just you get them to see in their mind's eye, what the future of working with you after they implement, everything would look like if they were the best 1% version of your clients. So like, if I look like look at the top 1%. And so for me, I use income as kind of one of those goals that people have. If I look at the top income of clients I've worked. That is the vision that I want to be very clear to help people see how to get there. How to get to eight figures without burnout is and really like that is I've never even used that headline before, which is so funny. But like that's that's what I teach people how to do is how to reach eight figures without burnout without losing your family without losing your yourself without even while being authentic, without having to put a mask on to project a different version of yourself to the world to make people like you while attracting people that love you and repelling the ones that are just going to be an energy drain. You know? So like that. Idea, not sense of like that what I do as a superpower with people in our accelerator, and we work with is that it's exactly that.

[430:27] Speaker 2: So eight, awesome. Thank you so much.

[431:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. All right. Awesome. Great conversation. Great questions. Great topic. I really love that. I could probably I could probably talk for hours on on all of that. Darren, what's up? Darren? How are you, man? Oops, let me unmute. There we go. There we go. I'm gonna turn it back on where participants can unmute themselves. So just nobody unmute in the bathroom, please. Oh, you're muted again. To be unmuted.

[440:47] Speaker 1: There we go. was on my side. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. You've been pretty authentic through this sharing a lot about yourself. I'm coming from a place of I've been telling my wife, I'm going to do this for going to create a course for a few years. I actually stumbled on you and year ago, which was really early on in me understanding what that looks like the whole background side of it, marketing, all that I didn't understand anything. I thought, Oh, I'll create a course and everybody will buy it and it'll be great. Great for most people, so now. And so now I came to her yesterday, like, Oh, I think I found the guy she's again. She's kind of frustrated with me. I understand continually going hey, this is the alright figured it out. I

[452:57] Speaker 0: finally feel I have empathy for that. Yeah. And,

[453:42] Speaker 1: you know, like, I bought some stuff from certain people that I was like, Hey, this is the right thing. Oh, I finally I think I figured it out. And then I buy it and find out that oh, he's selling platform software. Really not what I need and I'm trying to like I've been trying to use the software thing that is like a waste of my time waste of like, I've lost I've lost months of stuff. And he just didn't what he has is sort of what I wanted but not you know what I mean? Is like within totally No. That's what I was that's a lot

[461:27] Speaker 0: of talk to that join our program say almost the same story you just did. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's a lot of the people that I work with. That's why I was like it's so it's amazing to me as as I find I'm usually like people's kind of like last ditch effort before they give up.

[467:00] Speaker 1: You were actually my first I signed up for this I realized I signed up for your program, this five day thing last year. Okay. And I was on it a lot a year ago it was like for the first thing it was like first time I'd taken anything like this and it was a bit too much for

[471:20] Speaker 0: me I think at the tighter now than it was a year ago.

[472:23] Speaker 1: Yeah, ideas. Yeah, well and back then we didn't even know about AI and stuff like that right. And so yeah, sent me for a loop and so I guess I'm just I'm looking for help on selling this to my wife.

[476:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, help on selling it to your I gotcha. Well, the 30 day money back guarantee. Is just try it for 30 days, I think is the thing. Yeah. And like say like You know, if by day 30, you know, I don't feel 1,000% And you also feel 1,000% about me staying in there, I'm going to ask for my money back. And I still get these for courses to help me kind of get stuff going. Right. So there's nothing to lose on that. And.

[485:37] Speaker 0: And I think that that's a great a great thing to do now. Now when it comes to Okay, when it comes to like selling to your spouse, something again, we really got to figure it, we got to understand I have a lot of empathy for where a spouse is coming from with that. What, what, what does, what does she want? I think that's, that's the thing, what does she want? What

[491:43] Speaker 1: are you making money and stop wasting time?

[492:27] Speaker 0: She wants you to start making money and stop wasting time. Okay, that's good. That's what we that's what we help people do. Yep. Now, I'll say this. Just joining a program like that isn't going to get you to stop wasting time. That's a choice you have to make?

[496:20] Speaker 1: Yeah, I think my biggest problem has been, I've been trying to learn stuff. And it's just been overwhelming, like, like, I'm learning the wrong thing, right. And so it's like, I basically have my whole course figured out what I want to do, okay, where my niche is, and all that it's just been, I need to implement it.

[502:06] Speaker 0: Yeah. So you need to implement it, what you need to do is you need to, you need to grow your email list, and you need to start to do some, some, some selling. Yep. And get people to buy from, you know, I mentioned this every, every sort of coach or mentor that's out there, no matter what platform they have, they're all gonna say the same thing. But they have a different way of kind of getting there is. Yeah, that's true. Exactly. There is a lot to distinguish yourself in the flooded market. I actually do. Okay, I also want to touch on that too, after I talk about this, because that is a very, oh, my goodness, okay. I could probably teach a whole course on that. Maybe that'll be coming up here after the next couple that we got planned out for our group, right? It was like how to distinguish yourself in the flooded market, specifically how to build authority type of a thing? Because that's different than just marketing is like, how do you stand out when there's 20 other people that basically are selling the same thing as you do?

[519:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: In a red ocean? How do you actually create blue ocean? And that's a marketing strategy. It's all it's called a blue ocean strategy. It's a book called Blue Ocean Strategy. That's about that, that literally, you can go into markets that are crowded, and then create a unique space for yourself that there is no competition, and you become the category King in that space. And now, your sales and marketing become much easier. And that's, that's what a lot of foundationally the stuff that we're teaching does. See, I got distracted by her question there. I told you. I'm like I'm working on like, that is like stay in focus. What was your What was that question that you would ask Darren, we

[533:45] Speaker 1: were just talking about selling to the spouse and but that's actually setting myself apart. That's good stuff, too. I think I've got that kind of, I got an idea that I think will work for me. Yeah, no, I think it's just you were talking about spouses and growing your email list is important. Oh, my email? Yes. Even I was distracted. Yeah,

[539:45] Speaker 0: no, it's fine. It's true, though. That's the thing. That's and that's I have so much like, a wit, like, I'm aware of that. There's so much to kind of like, try to hold in your mind. One of the number one strategies I'm teaching y'all, you'll, you'll get it in the five minute content creation course, you want to know what my number one strategy for coming up with ideas for content in less than five minutes is, as I do a five minute meditation where I actually like, completely just clear all the overwhelm. And then the first thing that pops into my mind, I write it down.

[548:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if it's relative to what my clients are looking for, I'll make a piece of content. If not, I'll keep, I'll let that pass by. And it actually will start to pop in my mind ideas for content and they're very much aligned with what my audience is looking for what people are looking for. And so that's a big part of before I do any sort of a presentation before I write sales copy before I write an email, and I did that, like it used to take me like an hour of like meditating and breathing. And I do like a kind of like a just like a basic, just sort sort of like a body breath work. Focus on the breath type of a thing. It's simple.

[559:44] Speaker 0: And then now it's become a put these ideas so that we don't get so distracted by all of the overwhelm. But something I teach people, if they get overwhelmed by tech tools, if you're overwhelmed building your funnel inside of a piece of technology, learning the strategy of moving out of the logic brain and, and, and into more of the intuition and instinct, and really learning how to operate from that state, because that's it's about it's about state management, not to make it sound like Tony Robbins, or anything. But he, it's a big part of what he teaches is, is how can you shift from overwhelm to like total clarity and confidence and five minutes. And that's what I've been, I've been learning and studying and doing for the last year or so. And now I'm just I'm actually just starting to teach that to my clients. Because I finally have like, made it a duplicatable framework that I can, that works every time. So again, I'm not an expert at that. When it comes to growing your email list, though, we have to get really clear on getting in front of the people that are going to join our email list. And then connecting with what drives them to take action. What you taught, you drew that bridge, picture all of that beautifully, right, that emotion right there, drawing that bridge there. One of the things that I that I encourage people to do is oftentimes, so I do a lot of like sales, copy reviews with our clients. And they bring me like I they wrote this elaborate sales letter, they think it's amazing, it's the best. And I'll tell you this, it's so hard for me like as a mentor, because 99% of everybody I have like critiques, and then they take it personally that they didn't perform well. And it was just like, y'all did amazing. This is great. This is awesome. But here's how it could be better. And so like, I have to navigate that like to not sound like super critical of people like they're failing or they're not doing well or things like that. Right. Does that make sense? Yeah. And so what I teach is this most people with their sales copy, that's the first place to really start for your landing page. Right? Let me ask you this. What's the part of that process that I would say overwhelms you the most if you're thinking about it right now? What experience when you sit down to do it? Do you find you get the most distracted? It's and it actually might even make your head hurt. A lot of pressure in your head, maybe your neck?

[601:02] Speaker 1: Your it's all it's all knowing what to use? Right? Like even ICU. Still, even today's training when you talked about was a system? Yeah, system. But then you talked about squares. I'm like, Well, which one do I use is

[605:02] Speaker 0: easy answer to that is if you are overwhelmed by technology, don't even look at System System. I'll use Squarespace,

[606:51] Speaker 1: which I know I can learn that that technology like Yeah, I know I can do that. But it's like I struggle

[608:42] Speaker 0: with this. Yeah. And it's, it's it's it is 100 times harder to use than Squarespace. Squarespace is the single easiest and most complete feature set program that's out there for doing landing pages. There's a few other ones out there like there's what there's ConvertKit MailChimp even has landing pages. The problem with that though, is they don't let you actually set it up in a way that's effective when you're actually promoting how we teach you how to promote. And so I actually went over that in the pixel clarity course, as I signed up for every platform and I walk you through go high level, Wix, ConvertKit, funnel system, all of that because people use all these platforms. I'm like, listen, y'all. Squarespace took me like two seconds to get it all done. Every other platform out there takes like 30 steps to do the same thing. That one click and Squarespace gets me including Click Funnels, including all of the big ones that everybody touts Go, go high level is amazing. But it is literally like It's like setting up the rocket launch. To get go high level to do what you want, right System IO is a little bit more like driving a car. We're a Squarespace is like my little son. He's just on this little like, bike that has no no wheels, and he just he's just walking like Squarespace is that easy. It's like as easy. It's the easiest thing to use that any skill set any age can learn to use it so easily. And I love it for this reason. I can hire anybody with any skill set to build pages for me, because they can learn it in an afternoon And then they can do it at the same level that I can't. So it's easy for me to pass off stuff to somebody else on Squarespace, even though he was a caveman. Probably yeah, right. Exactly. Yeah, it is it is that way. And so again, I would say Squarespace is going to be the simplest platform to create out your, your offers and your landing pages. And then for email. I like MailChimp Squarespace has email built in MailChimp, again, has a lot better features for automation, their delivery is better all of that. And it integrates directly with Squarespace, you just click a button, and then they're connected. So they sign up, the email goes into MailChimp. And like some of y'all, I don't know. You probably got like, 1000 emails from me this week, right? Those were all automated that my assistant scheduled like two weeks ago, except for the one that was like, Hey, we're starting the VIP late that one.

[655:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: We go in there, I sent her equipment, like I literally sent her like late, I sent it to her. And then she sends it out to everybody, like, run late. And so it's an automated email that is a template that's already written. But then she activates it to send to people if we know we're going to be running late. So we'd like systematize all of that. And MailChimp lets you do a lot of that as far as that goes. So Squarespace and MailChimp combo are going to be the going to be the simplest as far as that goes. And then I use Thinkific for the course lips. Yeah. So again, that can sound a little complex. We got three platforms, we got MailChimp for email. We got Squarespace for the front end website for the marketing. And then think if IK is where like the courses live, and it takes your payments and all that. And then think if it connects to stripe and PayPal, I do not use PayPal. By the way, any of y'all want to know why? Because PayPal, will people can basically steal your stuff. They can dispute for any reason and get their money back for any illegitimate reason. And they will side with the consumer. So that's why I don't sell with PayPal, because people will just do a dispute instead of a refund request, which even if I have a refund request, they still dispute it. They don't even ask they just like dispute it. And it's like, and then once the dispute goes, you can't like Stop it. You have to like it's it's a headache dealing with the government. Yeah, exactly. It's a headache. It's like, you've literally could have wrote me and asked for a refund and I would have given it to you. But instead you made it way harder than it needed to be for both of us. Yeah.

[682:26] Speaker 0: You know, that's why I don't use Pay Pal. But Pay Pal connects to Thinkific. sistema yo has all three of those features in one platform. So that's kind of cool about that. But it is like 100 million times harder than Squarespace MailChimp and giving to set up. But the benefit of it is it's free to start. So like if you have like if somebody has like no finances and wants to make money. System IO is literally a way up out of poverty

[691:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: for people. Cool. And that's what I think is so cool. So I love that Squarespace is probably the second cheapest platform anyways, that's out there. It's not expensive either. So

[696:00] Speaker 0: there's a there's a correlation to like the more you pay, the easier stuff is to use. And then like the less you pay the harder it probably is.

[698:32] Speaker 1: So so if we're to go back to the comment she made earlier about standing out in the seat like that's kind of where I think I've been overwhelmed with so many voices so many things. I have so many ads popping up on my Facebook thing that I've actually started

[702:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to get rid of easy they'll gaslight you out of your own belief system. Yeah, I'll tell you this. It's funny. You want to know what the hell you want a lot of those ads do and I hate it. I absolutely hate it. They're hypocritical they completely are. Because they're effective. It's effective to be hypocritical in an advertisement on social media, but it doesn't make it right. And I stand by that because I know a lot of the mentors that teach about Facebook ads will run ads that literally say you can do this without ever running Facebook ads. And then their system is all about running Facebook ads and I'm like, You hooked people in on this whole thing that you're not even teaching because you're gonna reframe their beliefs. Again, I get that but it's built on some that's not even authentic. As far as that goes. I saw a lady the other day

[717:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't dive much into her stuff, but I was like I don't get much authenticity on this ad. She said don't use bro marketing that taps into the pain points to trigger people into buying from you tap into feminine divine sales that doesn't have to use scarcity and fear to get people to buy. And I literally thought about that I said her ad is tapping into the pain point and the fear to get women to click.

[725:23] Speaker 0: So I'm like, wait a sec, what you're saying and what you're doing are not the same thing. Okay. And so but it works, it's effective, I bet it's attracting people that like, they feel like because I talked about and I have a fine line between that I made a post the other day I said, I'm not a big fan of like agitating pain points like crazy and marketing. However, some people do need to be reminded in the marketing of, of what they're trying to move away from, into something that's better. And generally, the way that I lead is always with desire.

[735:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: But often what motivates people to go after their desire, especially if they've been stuck for years is when the pain of staying stuck is greater than the perceived pain of moving forward? And I'll tell you that

[739:51] Speaker 0: I used to really fight that for a while in my in my thinking and in my marketing and how I did things and I thought it was an authentic as somebody who had dealt with a lot of abuse and trauma and gaslighting from narcissist. I was like, I don't want to do that. That literally feels like narcissistic abuse to do to like get people to feel pain in order to get them to take action. How many of y'all have had abusive people do that to you? I have an I don't like. But then I realized into it right Akiko. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. It's it's disgusting. To me, it really is. There's a there's a fine line between that. And this is what I prefer to do is I had to make a decision, I'm going to give you an example of this, for me to be

[751:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: the best version of myself that my wife wakes up in the morning, and falls in love with me again, because honestly, I think that that's a great thing for marriage is that you fall in love with your spouse new every single day. But anybody who's been married knows that when the baby is pooping on you, it doesn't feel like that, right.

[757:44] Speaker 0: And I had to learn to do hard things that were painful for me personally, to evolve into the next version of our marriage with kids. And it was stuff that I was resistant to you want to know one of the hardest things for me, growing up as a people pleaser. Dealing with a lot of codependency, if any of y'all coach on that, you know, how tough that is to break out of. I was constantly worried that somebody needs me, to help them to serve them to be a caretaker to be a caregiver. And so they're my wife.

[769:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's something I had to learn while she was pregnant. And I've had to learn in the last year just with our one year old. And I'm like, It's been a masterclass and personal development for me is she does not want me to wait around to see if she needs my help. She does not my wife does not feel loved, if I'm sitting there available to her for her needs. But that is what I feel like I needed to do to be able to serve her at the level that I want to and to love her. And so we had a conflict. She's like, I need you to stop like doing that. And I need you to focus in on your business and growing the business. And I need you to make more money in the business. Right? And it's not and it's and there's a fine line between that like her telling me I need to make more money. We've both agreed, like we want a 20x what we're making right now, right? And we're on the same page on that, right? We got the same vision for that. Our vision involves, like hat like having immediate access to a private jet 24/7 It's part of our vision, right? But that takes a lot of money to do that. And so with that, that means me sitting around some days, four to six hours, just seeing if she needs help with things, trying to do the dishes cut out and I'll say this, which is funny. A lot of messages to guys that are out there tell us to do that to our wives to be available for them clean the dishes, like my wife cannot stand when I clean the dishes, because she loves doing it and she feels like I'm taking away from her the opportunity to do something that she loves to do.

[797:41] Speaker 1: You can come by my house and do my dishes. Yeah,

[798:19] Speaker 0: I actually love doing dishes. It's so crazy. It's like one of my favorite things in the world to do. So we made an agreement. I wash the bottles for the baby at night because they don't wash the bottles. She doesn't like to wash the bottles, but she loves to do the dishes. So I do all the bottles like two, three times a day. And what it is, is that's my thinking time. Where I start, I make my To Do Lists while I'm doing that, as I come up with a lot of to do lists, but I had to literally do the painful thing of realizing that I'm going to have to relearn what I thought was the right way to to be a husband. And it goes against what everybody and culture has told us to do. My wife has been like, I don't care what culture says. This is our family, my wife. I'm telling y'all I don't think y'all realize what a strong personality my wife is, how many y'all some of y'all follow my mom, my mom is like a fireball. We often they often say you marry someone like your parents. My wife is a lot like my mom. And I'm a lot like her dad. And like, we're like our parents and that way, my wife is a lot like my mom, like, like a like she sort of such a strong woman. There's a very strong, intimidating personality. And that's her superpower it is, you know, like we we internally reject the idea of like a woman being too bossy and too much, right? We talk about that. Like, there's no such thing as that. Like, that's something that needs to be more of that but again, and maybe you disagree with what I just said, whatever. That's what works for us, right? No,

[824:08] Speaker 1: no, that's I thought, I've told so many people that when you first have kids, people are going to give you so much advice. Do what you want to do take what you how

[826:57] Speaker 0: much almost the exact same as the coaching industry, with all those ads, you see, people are giving you so much advice of what to do with your baby your course. Right? That's like you're literally your business is this thing that you're raising. And now you don't know what to do. And eventually, you just got to kind of do whatever feels best to you, and fit in some of the good advices that comes along and start to develop even your own style of doing that. So that's, that's twofold what I really encourage a lot of my clients to do, number one you start I'll give you the training wheels for kind of the initial version of that. But I'm not looking to be codependent with our clients, I want to empower you to brainstorm and come up with ideas on your own. This is why for instance, and it sometimes annoys some of our members in our program when they first get in. I know because they told me they're really annoyed by the fact that I do this in there and I'm not going to stop doing. They'll ask a question. And I will say, Have you asked to chat GPT about that. And they're like, Well, no, I hired you. You're the coach, you should have the answer. And I'm like, Yeah, I get that. And I can go do that for you. But see, I want to train you to go find the answer yourself. So you don't need me and so that I'm teaching you how to build a business, not be dependent on me for your answers as your long term success strategy. And because of that now, I'll tell you why No, it's interesting that a lot of traditional training and the coaching and mentoring industry tells you to not do that. Because they teach you to keep people hooked in long term so they don't leave and all of that. I'm not into doing that. I want people to be there for a season that are meant to be there. And I mentioned this the other day, there's this there's this lady, she's she's amazing. I mean, I just talked with her the other day. Some of y'all might know the name Jennifer allwood. This is her right here, millionaire coach and mentor to Christian women right here. And she was a client to my mom and I and she joined us for a season where she was really struggling to gain any traction and what she's doing. And now she has gone beyond even on some of the stuff that like we've built. She has such a beautiful thing. I mean, like she's built, she has these different masterminds and all of that. This is how she does her thing. She's got the dream biz blueprint, right? It's a six week course. And then the inner circle, and then the better way and then her Next Level Mastermind and what these are their different levels. This is one on one coaching right here with her and her team of coaches. And like and she's like she got a quiz. And anyways, what I'm saying is is like she started with us to get the ball rolling and then it was really cool by design. She went off and stopped coaching with my mom and I and it's not that we failed her. We were there for a season. We were there to get the ball rolling to get the momentum going and it launched her to that level. And again, that's what I love to be for people as I want every single person that works with me to to be more successful. Then myself, then my mom, the Jennifer allwood than anybody that I've ever worked with, I want for every single person that's here to so far surpass any success that you see that I might have? That you might look back and say, Wow, what did I not know back then? Right. And like, wow, like, and that's a, that's a big vision that I have for people. I have a vision for us to help create. And when I say help create, because it's not that I'm creating, we're really co creating together with our clients, 1000 people to become multi millionaire, mentors, coaches, trainers, and have a multi million dollar membership systems and programs. And to do so while only working five to 10 hours a week. Because that look, that literally is the life that that we live, that's the life that that's the life that I was blessed to see my mom do, because she used to work 100 hours a week. Growing up she did.

[899:31] Speaker 0: And she built it in the home, she homeschooled us. But she was all about business and was working 24/7.

[902:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you know her story, she ended up divorcing her husband and 2015 and all that. And I think part of that has to do with a big part of their marriage. She was more into her business and she was her marriage again. Now, there was a lot of abuse there too. So it was probably a defense mechanism, right. But my mom learned because she was given a year to live and almost died. Oh, wow. Yeah. She was given a year to live was on bedrest was on multiple opiates, Oxycontin for pain and all that. And she actually got herself off of all the drugs. She got herself off of all of the she had 14 auto immune diseases, Cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, lupus, all of these that that were manifestations inside of her of the pain and trauma that was going on, and the striving to build a life for her family by killing herself. And I saw her literally change the person she is to say, I will never work more than 10 hours a week for the rest of my life, no matter how much money it makes me. And I remember when she made that decision, her income took a massive nosedive. As she went from multiple seven figures to I think, I think the lowest that it dropped to, I think it was like 40k a month. So she was like, you know, half a million dollars from like 10 mil like that's a big drop right there, right. But then the trajectory started to go up. And today, she is making multiple eight figures working only five to 10 hours a week. Living an incredible and she's growing right now like like my mom, she's single. She hasn't remarried. She's finding herself. She's going through a journey of healing and therapy and all of that for herself. But I saw her do that I saw my client, Rick Pino. For his family, he would not work more than 10 hours a week. Actually, he wouldn't work sometimes more than five hours a week. So he told us, when I coached him, I said, You got to make this work like you did for your mom, this is what Rick told me, he challenged my wife and I to help him do this. When we started working with him back in 2018. He says I want to be able to build a multimillion dollar business like you did with your mom. But I don't want to work more than five to 10 hours a week. And I refuse to do that from the start. Because my kids are the most important thing to me.

[943:11] Speaker 0: And so he wouldn't have to he would come in and we had to structure it to where like two days a week, he would film and do coaching and that was it and create ads and create the marketing and the sale and it was all had to be structured that way. Now what's, what's interesting is what was really a big part of that coaching was when we started he was very resistant to structure. Right that he told me I'm an artist, it ruins my creativity to have to be that committed and structured with my time. And, and his wife, he was like yeah, like Rick is not a structured guy. He is whimsical and whatever and does whatever he feels like whenever and so how do we make this work in that? And I literally saw him transform himself over the next two years. And one of the most disciplined people I've ever met I'll say this is like he I saw him go from like, hey, I want to learn How to Do what your mom has done to literally like, massively surpassing what we did. And and I'll tell you it challenged me as somebody who was mentoring him because I'm like, wow, I need to step up. You know, he this guy like he's like going above and beyond but I saw that transformation to where the life he wanted to live had the freedom because he would have the structure inside of those maybe two hours on a Monday that he would come into the studio and record. And maybe the two hours on us on a Friday and maybe an hour while he was driving back from dropping his kids off at school, if they were in school, if they weren't in school. It could have just been, hey, he would call me he's like, Hey, what's up lens because that was his wife. She's watching the kids for like the next half hour, let's let's knock out the sales copy. Like that was it he had a half hour and we had that we knocked it out right there in that moment. And at the@the.on, the half hour, he had to go and leave. And if we had the sales copy done or not tough cookies. And and in the beginning, it was also even hard for me because I was like, Well, gosh, I need more time than 30 minutes to do this. And it was challenged and challenged me to learn how to do stuff a lot quicker. And so even I grew in that while working with him on that. And that is where he approached me in 2018. His coaching business was making $0 at all. And he never ran a Facebook ad and he launched it to a small email list of I think 2000 people. And I think he got like 50 people to jump into his program. And it was making maybe 27 bucks a month, like maybe a couple $1,000. But he was like, Okay, this isn't working. So we ran Facebook ads within a month that was bringing in like $10,000 a month. So that was really cool. That was the $10,000 a month. And then from 2018 to 2022. We worked with him to keep his hours at eight to 10 hours a week and scale it up to a million dollars a month. And I remember to I remember he always encouraged me, he's like Jeremiah, we did that together. He encouraged me, I kept saying no, you did that. He's like, No, we did that together. Because you, you did what you did with your mom, and you translated that to an entirely different niche of music coaching for Christians, you know, and that's why I use a lot of examples from that, because we really, I poured some of the most energy in the last five years into helping that and to helping that happen. And so that was a big testament to building an eight figure coaching business. And then about a year ago, or about about a year, about a year and a half ago, year and nine months ago, my wife got pregnant.

[1004:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I decided I'm going to launch my accelerator program. And Rick was like, I want to pivot out of music coaching and into business coaching. And so we amicably amicably parted ways. And he went on to do his business thing, and I focused in just on my business right here. And what happened was as my income dropped

[1010:00] Speaker 0: to like a quarter of what it was when that happened, but within 30 days, it actually was double where it was at. So and then the last year we've we've we've made seven figures in our business, and it's been amazing being able to do that. So all that to say,

[1014:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do things that might even seem impossible, sometimes, they might even seem too hard. They might even seem like I don't know how to do this. One of the things is when it comes to selling it to our spouse is helping them grab on to the vision that we have. And it might take time for them to grab on to that vision. I know I sometimes use chat GPT to help me communicate stuff with my wife. But I tell her I'm doing it too, right. I'm like, Hey, I talked to chat GPT and it says to ask you this and she's like, What does it say? You know, she,

[1023:40] Speaker 0: that's awesome. She gave me what she gives me one of those and she's like, okay, and she like, you know, and now we have a conversation where there was conflict before. Right? And that's and that's really I think that's I think that's such a beautiful way to use AI like that with your spouse. And she does the same thing and we and she's all about it. And it's helped us express our heart better. We don't we've made a decision like we're not using it's like manipulate the other person you could do that that's not going to be and that's not healthy. But we use it to like how do I explain this in a way that the other person is gonna understand that simpler because I tend to my wife says I tend to like super mansplain everything

[1036:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I I joke with even my my admin Rebecca I like I'll tell her like what I need us to do in our business and like Sorry, I mansplain that to you and like 12 paragraphs could have just asked you this and she laughs She's like, No, she's like, I do appreciate it because I'm really clear on what you need me to do. As as as as a staff member, I think it is, there's a, you know, there's a balance of that being able to like, explain stuff clearly. But anyways, all that to say, that's why we offer the 30 days to try out the program and to see, see it's awesome fit for you. So

[1046:32] Speaker 1: I will say on the chat GPT. Appreciate your teaching. I play with it a little bit since it's come out. But when you were like, Hey, go, you know how to ask questions deeper and ask it in different ways. And now we heard that and things like that

[1050:33] Speaker 0: are correct. Tell it like, yeah, like, I don't want that it's doing right.

[1051:37] Speaker 1: Yeah, I was using your template that you use, right. So that's what I was using kind of figuring out my stuff. I was talking to my son and he's really struggling right now. I'm just setting goals and stuff. And I'm like, Well, what's three things you really want to do? And so I'm like, go to chat, GBT, let's type in the year 20. There's three things give me 15 Other ideas for someone my age, really deep on it. And he came out with like, 10 things that he was like, excited to do nice. Out of just you. So like, appreciate that was from you helping me

[1059:51] Speaker 0: here's that here's a fun thing you can do with them further, is you could say pick the top three that you really like the most. And then let's ask chat TBT. What are the risks that would be stopping you from reaching these goals?

[1063:23] Speaker 1: Oh, that yeah, that risks. And so then what it is, is, as make

[1064:27] Speaker 0: shining a spotlight on why we're avoiding reaching them? Can they can shorten the distance between him reaching them? Because you start to get the reality of what that is like, there's always again, so Darren,

[1068:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's always risks with in relationship explaining to your wife while you're signing up for a new coaching program, right? What are those risks? What are you? And it's a powerful question that I always ask myself, What am I trying to avoid? from happening? If I did the thing that it takes me to go to the next level? Or if I did this thing, right?

[1075:09] Speaker 0: And getting clear on that, and then I process through it? Okay, well, the risk could be, I mean, again, my wife, she is a my wife is Spanish, Mexican, and Native American. And she jokes around about that, being that she's very, she's a very fiery Latina, with a lot of mixed Latina and, and European stuff. And, and she jokes around about that. But she's like, she is very passionate about anytime something's presented to her. What, like, her response or reaction is to that. And sometimes I found myself trying to avoid, like her reacting to what I'm presenting to her. And so I've had to learn, okay. And my wife has actually told me that she's like, well, if I get mad, I'll get over it. And it's funny, it's so hard for me because growing up at mom got mad, it was like, lack of safety was like, If my wife is like, temporarily mad, she's like, got, she's gotten over it in like, two minutes anyways, because she moves past it so quickly, and you won't even know it happens, unless you know her well, because she doesn't really like wear it out outwardly. But like me knowing her like I know when she's frustrated or upset about something. And so I was constantly trying to avoid, like, getting her frustrated about things. And then what she was like, is like, you're literally not even communicating with me out of fear walking on eggshells of how I might respond. And I talked to my therapist about this. He's like, Well, she abusive, and she responds, No, she, this that, no, and he's like, okay, then it's actually more how you're perceiving it. And you're, you're afraid of touching this perceived hot stove that isn't even hot at all. It's like, but you know, it. It has burned you before, right? Because there have been times where I have upset her. And it has not felt very good. And so I'm like trying to avoid that. But I've gotten better at our communication, realizing that, hey, listen, I might need to go through a little bit of that fire to have a hard conversation. For us to reach our goals. One of the biggest conversations we had was when we were buying this house right now

[1113:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: is how we needed to structure our accounting, our bank accounts, and what we needed to do to qualify for the loan. And for the last, since we started our marriage, my wife is the one that runs all the bank accounts. And generally she doesn't want me like dictating to her how much money she can spend or things like that. I don't do that. We have a mutual agreement as far as that goes. So now we're trying to buy a house And we got an accountant and a lender and an underwriter telling us Hey, your your accounts look like somebody we can't approve. Come see us again in 12 months when you work on this, and so I had to go to work and explain it with my wife, hey, listen, we want to buy this house, we want to do this, all of this, here's what we need to do. And it was it was a journey of learning communication, to where, and my wife is very resistant, if I ever tried to dictate to her what she needs to do just not even tolerated. Like if I if I tell her, Hey, I need you to do this, she's like,

[1131:12] Speaker 0: that sounds great for you, you know, like, or she'll be like, Can Can you say that a little bit differently. You know, and it's like, I've had to learn because I grew up, I talked about this, I grew up in a religious church that taught and vent men that the only way to lead their wives is to dictate to them what to do abusively.

[1136:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I grew up in a house with a dad that did that, that used violence to get his way, anger, you know, and then my mom wouldn't tolerate it. And gosh, that he so he became really passive aggressive, my dad did.

[1141:18] Speaker 0: And it just was an it was just a terrible mess. And so now that's the example that I have of a marriage. I'm getting married. And I don't want to be that way at all. But it's the only programming I have. And so if I even come like 1% into that my wife's very resistant to it. And I've had to learn that just because that's how I grew up just because that's literally my wiring is to tell people what to do, what not to do. Like, I have to do it on my social media, I do it on calls like this sometimes. And I sometimes have to be careful. I'm like telling people what to do, I'm dictating what they need to do. And realize sometimes that doesn't work. We need to

[1153:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe go a little bit slower through that. Maybe we need to get faster through an area that's overwhelming when and finding that intuitive balance of what works best with people. Again, my one year old son has taught me quite a bit of that. It's interesting, because he has already he basically has a almost an exact replica of my wife's personality my son does. So I got like a little mini version of her. And I got her and it's taught me how to really help and communicate with with her and him. And so it's great. Like

[1163:51] Speaker 0: he wanted an ice cube the other day, and we were giving him ice cubes. Well, we had to leave the house. I tell him, okay, we're not doing any ice cubes. Yeah. So I've already you know, I guess, okay, buddy, let's go over here. Let's do this, Hey, you know, and then he like he gets his mind off. But now he's on to something else. But like,

[1170:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, and so it's like, it's just learning that people's personalities are different. When we coach people, all that and our relationships are different. So this wasn't meant to be like a relationship coaching, training. But when we're coaching people, we're dealing with people's personalities. We're dealing with people's beliefs and struggles and issues and things that they deal with all the time. And so that is where we got to learn how to get much more powerful in that. This has been a real really revealing conversation to me, because I can tell you this, my business growth has gotten better, the better I got at communicating with my wife, and getting her on the same page with me. I got much better at selling to people in my business to learning to sell to her helps me learn to sell with them. And she always teases me my wife did. She's like, you're really good at sales. Why aren't you selling to me what you want us to do?

[1185:45] Speaker 0: And I'm like, because I don't want to be manipulating you. And she's like, you're not like, do what you do best. Be authentic. Don't try to be what you think I need. That's what my wife says all the time. Be the man I married, not the man that you think I want. That's what she says all the time. And it's so powerful. And even that is I think back to like how I was when we were dating. If I'm just that way on a daily basis, that's when we're the happiest. That's when we're on the same page the most. And then we go in through life and stuff happens and we like we the relationship changes and doesn't have to. They can it will change of course it'll change but it doesn't the communication doesn't have to be hard and that's really if we boiled down to what it's going to take for us to be successful. That might also be, um,

[1201:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if this is the case with you, Darren, that might also be where some of your struggle is, with getting your course out there is maybe you don't feel confident and being able to communicate it with potential clients. I don't know, I could be wrong, I

[1205:29] Speaker 1: think I think my biggest thing is exactly like you said, I was struggling for a long time. Basically, mine is training sales, right? There's so many good people out there. And then it's like, Oh, yeah. So you know, I'm just going oh, my goodness, this guy is so much better explaining it than I am. This guy is so much. Oh, that guy is amazing, right? Yeah, exactly. And all these guys are really good. But what I realized is what really excelled my sales training was when I started dealing with my own personal life issues. Yeah. And I went and got my life coach certificate. Cool. So because I want to get out of sales, I'm gonna go life coach. And I realized that actually, most sales, when I did that life coaching certificate, I became the top salesperson in my industry in basically, North America. Did it three years in a row? Wow. And it was based off of me changing my mindset, and how I dealt with things. Yeah. And I realized that all these other guys are teaching all the techniques, and I know the techniques, we all know those sales things, but they don't have a mindset of getting yourself in the right place. Right? Yeah. And

[1223:05] Speaker 0: if you're using those techniques, with a mindset that hasn't dealt with, that you're gonna start pulling in from, like, a lot of darker energy to Yeah, find.

[1226:09] Speaker 1: And that's like, I'm following some guys. And you're just like, oh, that just does

[1227:12] Speaker 0: I end up really, like almost cringing in my skin crawls when I see some of these sales trainers. Yeah,

[1228:46] Speaker 1: exactly. So. And that's where I'm thinking of bringing in that I'm going to be teaching your mindset and personal development to get in the right space that this is a long, okay, great, and make you better with your family better with your so that that

[1233:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: gives me a lot of clarity as to how to help you sell that a little bit better. Yeah, a lot of your sales guys are going to be really resistant to the fact that they need mindset help. Yeah, I know, similar to the other guy who said, like he helps guys with with the porn addiction. A lot of guys that are dealing with that don't even realize that it's actually just a coping mechanism for mindset. And oftentimes they think that mental health is is weakness. A lot of salespeople think that mental health is weakness, you're dealing with this, the traditionally sales has been this sort of like macho energy type thing. And yet the best sales is very calm, very authentic. It comes from a place of connection, not

[1246:12] Speaker 0: manipulation. It comes from a place of seeing the other person much more clearly

[1249:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: than just the surface level. And making space for all of their doubts, insecurities, things that they need for safety, all of that.

[1252:53] Speaker 0: And again, I would say I am definitely probably more of a marketing guy, like sales will be my secondary skill set. I'm I'm I still learn a lot of sales techniques. So that's why I still refine I defined myself as more of a marketing guy that teaches the sales so that you make revenue. But marketing is first client attraction. How do you get them in front of you? How do you get people to show up to you. And generally, I do so in a way that's unconventional, because I don't look super polished. I'm not all done up like the traditional person that teaches client attraction and sales. I'm a lot more down to earth dad who just got done playing with his son. And then this teaching of marketing trick is literally that's literally what I'm doing. You know, and I'm teaching a marketing training. I looked at some of the even my videos in my courses, some of those I recorded after my son went to sleep, and I look tired, because I was like, I have my notes here. But like, I know what I'm teaching. Like I was tired while I was teaching it. And I was like, that is something I'm working on is maybe not looking as tired when I'm teaching like my courses a little bit. That's why that's actually part of the reason why I wear the hat. Because then I don't have to do the hair. You know exactly. So it helps me kind of and I liked the backwards hat look for me. So it's all kind of part of that. But then attracting the right clients to you. And that's, that's key. And doing so with with Facebook ads with and then making sure that the money you spend on the Facebook ads is way more profitable than what you're spending right?

[1283:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then then you can turn up the lever on that and it starts to really scale and grow. So that's that's what that's what we help people do. That's what I that's what I can help you do. But you'll have to do the hard work. Just like with live coaching, just like with the sales. But after talking with you like right now, and hearing from you and hearing your heart a little bit more, I have even more confidence that you'll probably get a ton out of even just the first 30 days. Sure. Thanks. All righty, yeah. Hey, everybody, thanks for being here. I know you just kind of been sitting in on our conversation and all that. Again, if anybody has questions, you can always like post them in the in the in the group. You can you can always raise your hand on any of the calls tomorrow, we're going to be hosting a another live q&a. It's open to everybody. Those are interesting, because my whole email list gets invited to those. And so I get people like I haven't seen in like, years on they're asking me questions. And sometimes you never know what's gonna happen. Um, I've had some weird stuff happen on those calls, too, because it's so open. But I love it. It's like such an open q&a. It's kind of like, you literally never know what's going to happen. And we've had we've had some unfortunate stuff happen to but that's why I'll I'll remove anybody that's super weird. Quickly. If you're way weirder than me, you know, then I mean, we're probably in good company. But like, I don't want you to make my clients feel uncomfortable. As far as that goes. I had there was this one guy, I think he was on the call. And like, he was just like, laying on his bed with like his shirt off. And like some of the ladies like private messaged me like you hide his camera that's like really weird. And I was like, Oh, crap, like, yeah. So I've learned how to manage that a little bit better than I did. A little while back. So anyways, you guys know how to access the accelerator, jump in on the live call that we're doing tomorrow, as well as one next week. And try out the program for 30 days. And see how it's See how it's different than anything you've tried before. I think that's that's really is kind of

[1320:30] Speaker 0: one of the big things that we always hear from people is I've gone they've said I've gone through other programs like this. And on the surface, I don't think mine looks much different than other people's programs, right? It doesn't. But once you're in, I think a lot of people are like, Okay, well, this is way different. And I'm learning how to explain that difference a little bit better to people. That's I would say that that's been my journey over the last year is like explaining how we do things differently. Because to me, it's just how I've always done it. So but yeah, all righty, I'll see y'all tomorrow and I'll see those that are in the accelerator soon. Have a good one.

