2 BONUS SESSIONS - THURSDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2024-03-19T20:43:54.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: TdkRpEXNDiISKu6EOrCVZZpJxtg
---

[1:40] Speaker 0: Hello, hello hello anybody who's on to go over to restream stream into our group here that

[11:53] Speaker 0: rate

[13:49] Speaker 0: there we go. Cool. Going live across all platforms I got a hard stop everybody at

[17:30] Speaker 0: two o'clock and then I got to run across town when I got to be back home Let me shut the door real quick

[21:31] Speaker 0: All right anyways, Cynthia, how are you today I see you, we got a couple of people that are watching the stream, if you want to come up on the Zoom call, you'll have to jump into the

[25:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook group from the three day event that we did last week, or check your email and should have received a a zoom link that way, I'm gonna just check real quick as well on that Anyways, um, this is our live q&a time here today. This is the last free q&a that I'll be doing for a while. So if you're here, I would highly recommend to take advantage of it. Again, for those y'all that are unfamiliar a little bit with my story, and where I come from in my background. So I have to start this story by talking about my mom. Because honestly, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her. My mom built an E commerce Empire 31 years ago, made millions of dollars since then has never made less than millions per year, for the last 31 years. And so a lot of people think that makes me unfamiliar with the plight of beginners problem is that that's not true, because we actually focused on helping beginners for many, many years, almost 15 years, coaching beginners on how to do exactly what my mom was able to do. And then refining that into memberships, subscription sites, and things like that. And so we've helped grow some of the largest

[47:58] Speaker 0: organizations, online communities, businesses and church communities using a lot of these methodologies. You know, I know one of one of the big organizations that my mom worked very closely with was Elevation Church, Pastor Steven Furtick. As well as I know that she received a letter from Brene Brown thanking her for inspiring her years ago. And Jennifer allwood was one of our clients. So these are different names, and a lot of people know of that are out there that have come through our system. You know, a lot of my clients that I personally mentored and worked with, in my coaching program have gone on to make six and seven figures. And so this is an opportunity for you to just ask me anything, any questions that you have. But you're gonna have to come on the Zoom call to be able to do so. So if you're watching this video inside of another Facebook group or something like that, there's a link to that. There's a link on the on the Zoom call, as far as that goes. And there's an epilogue with Jeremiah. That's great for you your mom's success, all that. What about you? What have you done lately? Well, my business is a seven figure business that I built. And I started on my own building my own business six years ago, struggled like crazy. For five years realize I didn't have my head straight. I had all the strategies, but my brain wasn't in order. And I had also just gotten married, going from bachelor to married and then I became a dad a year ago, raising my son, and I only worked 10 to 15 hours a week now spend most of the time with my wife, and son. And when I do work half the time when I'm working, I'm either playing video games or coaching people or combo of both. I play video games. Usually when I'm writing sales copy is what it is. People don't realize it's actually part of my sales copy strategy is I'll usually play a video game and I'll literally get ideas for sales copy, and then I'll go grab my computer, type it up, and then keep playing the game and then type it up. And it's like one of my sales copy tricks to be able to be more time efficient. A lot of people seem to think I play video games because I'm undisciplined, which is funny. It's actually one of my highest discipline activities that I do is why I do it. So. Alright. Cynthia, I see you're on there. Do you have any questions for me here today? Anybody else who's on gardening? Any questions that are in the in the chat we sent this out to? There was a total of 5000 people receive this invitation to this q&a here today. And yeah, it's just just you hear? So that is, that seems to be so again, great example of what happens when there's not a topic focus for the q&a, which is such a great example that I always love to show. I had like, I'd like 3040 people on a training if there's a topic focus, like on time and everything, when there's not like nobody shows up.

[100:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it because I that my info is not valuable? Is it because I am not good at what I do? Is it because people don't see the value in listening to me? No, it's not, it's because people are so distracted by the social media algorithms is what it is, they're just so distracted by their everyday life, that they need something that excites them better than, say, the latest

[107:18] Speaker 0: gadget or, you know, hot, hot guy or girl on the social media feed that pops up, or babies that pop up on us or whatever. Like when we scroll on social media, we see all this content that grabs our attention, right. And so for anybody to even want to engage with us in our business now. We have to be more exciting and more stimulating than anything else that's on the newsfeed. And that's a scary thing, if you're not used to being seen and heard. Especially if you did things. years ago, that worked really well. And you didn't have to do those tactics. Because the algorithms unfortunately, what they did was they, they shifted. I think it happened, I think having a little bit with the NFL, and the Taylor Swift thing with Travis Kelce. And I'm saying this because I see a whole thing happening to in politics and how that's all that's happening. They're shifting the algorithm to be more focused towards Gen Z and millennials. And the end, it used to be more geared towards Gen X and Boomers, because that was the audience they were trying to pull in. So now they've lost so many Gen Z and millennials on social media, then now they're trying to basically get everybody operating in this sort of like, by energy hyper state of arousal type thing. And that's why nearly everybody who's running Facebook ads right now that I talked to is losing money, can't make them work, can't get clients. And then it's unfortunate, because every time I tell people what they need to do 99%, the response I get as well, I can't, I'm not ever going to do that. That's way outside the realm of what I feel comfortable with doing. So what I'm encouraging people with is do what you feel comfortable with for now. But at some point in time, you may have to pivot more drastically than you thought you needed to. And I would rather see people do that before.

[143:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's too late. And ai, ai is the great leveler of that. So it helps you level the playing field, to where you don't have to wait until it's too late if you use AI, and that's the real part about it that I don't think people understand because they're worried about the AI taking their voice away and the AI not being authentic. AI is is not authentic, it's terrible at that. But you can use it to brainstorm ideas and then act like it's a basically it's like, the way I see it is it's like the AI is like this Gen Z partner that you hired to do market research for you. And then they're bringing you all these ideas and then you're like, okay, like you've never ran a business before but like, one of these ideas is good. That's how I treat AI. As I'm like, Okay, you're not running my business right now. But this one idea right here. I think we could modify it and use it. And I think that that's where most people I think they're that they're not using AI to its fullest potential is treating it more like it's like a 20 year old intern that probably doesn't know what it's doing, but it's way too ambitious. And thinks that knows everything. Cuz that's how I was when I was 20 years old. Some people still say that's how I am today. But once they get to know me, they, they realize that I actually do know my stuff a little bit.

[166:38] Speaker 0: And for the stuff that I don't know, I call mom up and I'm like, Hey, I'm struggling here. Can you help me out? She's like, I don't coach anybody anymore. I'm like, Yeah, but I get the the sun access. She's like, all right. Gosh. What's up, Cynthia? Well,

[171:18] Speaker 1: I, I am here because you are light years. apart from every other coach. I've worked with the last couple years I've invested in other coaches and programs and I am so frustrated. And thank you for your grace with my appearance today. The Tennessee pollen has gotten the best of me. I was gonna make it that I commented I was excited to be here. And I still am.

[179:12] Speaker 0: My voice is scratchy, because our pollen here is crazy. Yeah, it was like a super pollen crazy. And I don't like to take allergy medicine either. Because it makes me it makes me feel a little crazy. So

[182:40] Speaker 1: yeah. I am exactly like your your copy. And your marketing speaks to my soul. That's good. I mean,

[185:52] Speaker 0: I just need to find more people like you then.

[187:10] Speaker 1: I feel like I've been a hamster on a wheel. Even following guidance from people who have done the do right.

[188:44] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah,

[189:26] Speaker 1: I've lost. I'm not gonna say that. I've lost money. It's been an investment. It's been a lesson. It's been a very,

[191:08] Speaker 0: has it been over five grand in the last year? Okay.

[192:02] Speaker 1: I've not done that with ads. No, okay. Okay, close to a grand.

[193:13] Speaker 0: Okay. I noticed a lot. You know, it's funny, a lot of people before they get their break through with ads, sometimes have to spend about two to 3k. And that's why I recommend do it on a small budget, you know, still like 300 500 a campaign. Because then if you split 3k up, that could be like a whole year's worth of your marketing right there even. Yeah, but you're just doing like a month that it's like. So that's like the slow and steady approach that. And by the end of that year, what I've seen people do is they have so much more clarity, and then they end up making back like way more than that later. But it did take sometimes six to 12 months of testing, and getting the algorithm in order and things like that, and getting those things working that way. So, yeah,

[206:23] Speaker 1: I've been using all of your free content, as VIP and you know, many of the things that you put on, yeah, you you may or may not remember this from the last live q&a I jumped on, but um, I do remember you I'm gonna sell a few courses to. So I while I didn't sell a few courses, I did bring on a few new clients and some other monetary issues. So I'm joining today.

[213:19] Speaker 0: excited to hear that, and I'd love to hear your feedback. And here's what I've been encouraging people to do. You know, I'll tell you this. I feel like we all grow. And again, like I said, I apologize for my scratchy voice a little bit. It's just it's been hard like the allergy today's the last day of the allergies that I've had all that's affecting my voice. I woke up and didn't have a voice this morning. I was like to my wife, and I'm like, like drink some water. Have some of that throat tea. Yeah, you got the throat support tea. It's like it coats your throat and stuff. tastes great. Um, lots of water. Anyways, all that to say, I used to

[225:14] Speaker 0: really try to avoid a word that made me cringe for the longest time was called scrutiny

[227:40] Speaker 0: from people and from clients. And so now I'm encouraging is that when people join, what I want them to do and like the first 30 days is to like, hold me accountable. Let me know where we can improve. Let me know where we can because you've been following me and my mom for a while, right? So like, take a look at let me know how we can do better to serve you better too. You know what I mean? It's kind of like, it's weird comparing it to this, but my wife, my wife jokes about it. She's like, if I'm getting too focused on the business, she's like, the business is the other woman. So you need to stop with that one. And I'm like, and I'm like, well then the fact is is hilarious because like 80% of the Clients are women. So that's funny. It's like, but like, I'm realizing it's a communications issue, because I'm trying to read the mind of all my clients instead of having them just tell me what they want. And so now I've been able to show up better for my wife, and son, by asking my clients to actually tell me what they want more. Like, as far as how I can improve my systems better. I'm not very organized as a person at all. I'm, I'm very, somewhat disheveled. And I don't pretend to not be that way. But I'm working with our admin team and all that to organize the content better in our program. And so like I said, I don't know why. But I feel like for some reason that you'll be able to if that you might notice some things when you come in that might bother you that you've seen that other coaches do as well. That didn't work for you. And so let me know as you find those as well. Because what that's going to do is that's going to help you it's going to help me it's going to help our whole community improve. And I think that I think that you, I think you have a real gift for that to Cynthia, I think you have a real gift for noticing where people can do better. Thank

[259:55] Speaker 1: you. That's what I do. Yeah.

[261:11] Speaker 0: That's hilarious. Essentially.

[261:46] Speaker 0: I have I have another lady in our group, her name's Sue. And she's been my like, favorite person. I'll tell you this. I told her when she first came in, and she's watching. She's gonna laugh because maybe I don't know if I told her this way before but she the best word was she irritated me a little bit in the, my wife irritates me, or irritated me. My wife is not irritating me anymore in this way. Because I realized it was my own issue. My wife was irritating me. And this client was irritating me because I was not happy with myself and I was self protective. From scrutiny, from people pointing out where I could do better. My wife is a genius at looking at where people can do better. I mean, and she's not critical at all. She's like, the Most Gracious kind person you'd ever meet. I mean, she, she's very, she has a very fiery personality, if you a lot of people don't realize that because I got such a fiery personality. But then if you know my mom, you know, like, I needed to marry a woman who was like, stronger than you know what I mean. And so like, it's a it's a fun, really, our son keeps us on our toes too. Because he's got like both of us in them. And it's just like, Okay. He he scared mama yesterday and thought it was the funniest thing. I was like, oh, goodness, okay. I had to teach Halston, that sometime that scaring people isn't necessarily always the best way to show your love. Which is funny, which is, which reminds me of myself when I was a little kid. So I had to learn that one the hard way. Anyways, I'm excited to have you join it. Was there a question that you had, particularly as far as like, the content we've been teaching?

[292:49] Speaker 1: I thought that I would have a question. I don't have a question. And that's okay. Mapquest. You know, I go back to your sales page. And I think more than anything, and now I'm gonna, which is hilariously Good. What's up, I said, I think more than anything, and now I'm gonna get emotional, because I'm not feeling good, but also because of how I've felt over the last couple of investments that I've made that I've learned a ton from, but I feel like I was left in the dirt. So when you say like, I need your scrutiny, I need your expertise. Right. I need you to tell me

[301:53] Speaker 0: one thing I'll tell you is I've worked really hard to graciously do that. I don't want to ever be critical of my clients. Well, and that's one of the things. No, because there's a difference destructively. There's, yeah, there's constructive criticism. I always ask for permission, though. I tried to do Sure. Like, can I point out in the area where you could improve like that? And that's just, it's because like, I've had so many bad coaches. Oh, gosh, that are abusive. Yeah. Like, and when you when you're a coach that abuses your clients, you're you're basically

[311:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, it's, it's honestly, it nauseates and disgusts me a little bit, I might need to work on my judgment towards those situations. Because I also look back at like some of those coaches

[315:16] Speaker 0: produce some of the best client results to I mean, you think about it, maybe that's what I needed in the season that I was at, who knows? Maybe I needed a drill sergeant.

[318:27] Speaker 0: You know, but not everybody needs that at all times. And so

[320:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a lot of the people who come into my program, they all tell me a similar story, which I feel like is a, it used to scare me a lot. And now it's like, okay, wait a sec, I feel like this is part of, I'm really careful to use the term calling your destiny because it's like, we also get to kind of create our own as well. Right. And like, I believe that like, like God wants to partner with us and you know, direct our path or like, he'll help us out. But like we get to decide to, and

[330:09] Speaker 0: all that to say a lot of people who come in my program telling me that there's that they'd been so hurt and beaten down, and all that, by the lot by how badly like previous programs didn't serve them well. And I remember when I was studying about being a great leader, they told me in all the coaching leadership books, to never work with a client who says that their previous coaches screwed them over. It's in every coaching leadership book, I never worked with clients who say that their previous things that they invested in didn't work for them.

[342:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so for the longest time, I didn't, and I didn't make any money. And I think what it is, is, I think that I actually have a very unique ability to deal with work with those clients. Not like as a forever thing, but like to bring a little bit of healing to those situations, and to help launch it, because my goal is for people to not stay in my program forever, either. Right? I want it to be like, help you build your LaunchPad. And this is what we frequently see with people, they bill. Every time I work with people, they build their Launchpad.

[353:08] Speaker 0: And then they like they soar in a rocket ship to like outer space. And I'm still on planet Earth, building other people's Launchpad. And they're all the way out there. And sometimes, like I hear from them and stuff like that, but like, we don't work together anymore. They're on another planet. You don't I mean, right, but like we're still friends, and it's still a good thing. And what's funny is also not a lot of coaches can handle people succeeding beyond them. When in fact, like, that's my favorite thing. That's the goal is to help people like okay, you want to go to you want to go to Mars. I don't want to go to Mars today. But I can help you get there. Right? Oh, you want to you want to skip Mars and go to Pluto. Let's go there. You know, I did that. That's literally what happened with Rick Pitino. He was like bro, I don't want to go to Mars, Pluto or even the solar system. I want to go to the next galaxy. And I was like, Alright, dude. And I was like, let's do it. And like it was it was rough. Some of the experiences we had, we had some tough

[371:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: conversations, honestly, honestly, they weren't like, they weren't aggressive conversations, though. Rick taught me how to have hard conversations with grace. Yeah. And I love him and his family so much. We hung out recently, which was amazing. I hadn't I hadn't hung out with him in about two years. And we finally got back, met back up after two years and felt like we had like, never like gone our separate. But it was like I had to go build my own business because I had helped him do this whole thing. And now he's going on like a whole other directions. He's like, way high ticket and I'm like going way low ticket and it's like this crazy, cool journey that we're both on. But I felt really cool to see him like just doing what he's doing. And dominating in that realm. And like knowing that, like we could stay connected, but like, we don't have to continue working together. We could just be friends and cheer each other on.

[386:37] Speaker 0: And so that's what I love to do. You know how many coaches I told that told me over the years that that, that situations like that as a sign that I'm a terrible coach or mentor? Really is that people don't stay with me long term. Oh, no, that's not and I told them I'd like it's not that they don't stay with me long term. It's like they literally get to a place where I work as hard as possible to get them to stop paying to outgrow me as quickly as possible. Some people that happens in two months. Some people that happens in, in in in two years. It can be different for everybody it can be two months can be two years can be 30 days. That's why That's why I have a 30 day money back guarantee on our on our program. Generally most people they'll see a big difference after about 60 days. Yeah. And,

[401:32] Speaker 1: you know, I would agree with the statement in the leadership books that don't work with someone who says my last coach screwed me over. I mean, yeah, there's a lot to most people. Okay. Because, yeah, those expectations and if I join them, they're going to do the work for me. And, you know,

[405:36] Speaker 0: yeah, you gotta you got to understand who you're you got to qualify out the people that are have a victim mindset. Exactly. Because that's the thing is, is, if they don't have a victim mindset, it's a different situation.

[409:44] Speaker 1: It is, and the dependency aspect of coaching. That's what I don't like, I don't like that the dependency aspect. I mean, you see it in the medical field. It's now in the coaching field. See,

[413:22] Speaker 0: where you were you in the medical field for a while. My

[414:25] Speaker 1: whole family? Yeah, I

[414:43] Speaker 0: grew up girl family. Yeah. Yeah. So it's the caregiving medical healing space in general. And it's, and it's, and it's, and it's right, for now, malpractice, let's put it that way.

[420:32] Speaker 1: Yeah. The best leader is coaching someone beyond their current level. Yeah,

[421:48] Speaker 0: my personal opinion. And truthfully, just with the pricing that coaching is these days, and a lot of the high ticket coaching stuff that's out there. That's why I like, I mean, that's why I I'm not a big fan of crazy high ticket coaching. And yet, I sell a one on one package, that's 25 grand. But I tried to dis I actually tried to persuade my clients, dissuade them from signing up for it, if it's not a good fit for them. And, and I have, because I'll tell you why. Because I've had people that I sold on a one on one package, because I was really good at sales. And then they got hurt, I got hurt. And now I've gotten really good at fixing those messes. Sure, to where we can stay friends after that happens. This happened, this happened recently, is something that like very recently, and but it was like, you know, hey, we're still we're still good friends, but like the the one on one coaching is not gonna work out. And that's okay. Not a big deal. Um, like the fact that we were able to recognize that quickly was actually a good thing. Instead of diving deeper, you know what I mean? Yeah. So that's my goal is to help people make a decision to get off the fence. Get off the fence, what do you really want to do? One of the number one things that happens oftentimes in my accelerator is a lot of people decide that they don't want to be doing the thing that they've been doing for so long. They want to be doing something differently. And this happens often when people start to work with me they get ideas for other businesses that usually have nothing to do with what they're actively doing. This happened with Rick Pitino started working with me six months later, he's like, Dude, I want to do a business coaching program. I'm like, I'm in the straight up, go make a couple million in the in the worship deal thing, and then go teach how you did it. And that's exactly what he did. He went and Rick made 10s of millions of dollars in the worship coaching world. And now teaches all the stuff that that we did in that world with his business coaching, that by the way, his YouTube channel got some of the best content. I'm telling everybody I know go watch Rick's business trainings on YouTube. There's so good to tell him Jeremiah sent you. So they're really good though. He's, he's crushing it the YouTube game. That's a game that I'm trying to get better at as YouTube because I want to be able to teach my clients. YouTube is a really unique traffic source because it can have the same power as Facebook ads without costing you a dime. It's the it's one of the final last organic sources that's out there. That truly works. X is starting to be that way with Twitter, Twitter X, Instagram, it's hit or miss still. I have figured out in the last two months, how to take advantage of Instagram better. And so I'm starting to gain traction on Instagram and even LinkedIn where I wasn't before. My number one traffic source though is still Facebook ads and Instagram ads. Paid advertising because I can laser in on exactly what you said Cynthia, my copy speaks right to where you're at. And so I can laser in on exactly where more people that are like you are because As the algorithm starts training itself with the lookalike audiences, so I'm able to tune the AI on Facebook, to show my ads to more qualified people that are a better fit for what I'm selling. You can also lose a lot of money that way. There's a lot of really interesting stuff that I've been teaching in the program, we got to get a course in there called ads optimization, ads optimization course. And it's about how to get the best cost for your ads. So it doesn't spiral out of control, because that was the number one concern that people had. And it's a very unique course. It's, it's like a, it's like a level three Facebook ads course, it's not for everybody. But it's for people once they start running ads, and they get the basics down, to start taking to start optimizing. And it's one of those courses, I think people are gonna watch through three or four times. And they're gonna get different things from it each time depending on what stage they're at, in the journey. And that's what I designed it for. That's another thing too, you know, the best books and courses do that for people. They're usually shorter. So a lot of my courses, I've started to make them shorter, shorter lessons, less content. But people might have to watch them three or four times through at different seasons, like maybe once a year or twice a year. Because they'll get a breakthrough. And then they're like, oh, I need to go back and watch that again. And then they're gonna get another breakthrough and another breakthrough. I have a number of books that I read that are like that. One of them is called Extreme Ownership by Jocko Willink. ever read that one? It's how the Navy SEALs lead and win. And it sounds like this macho masculine book, it's it's the complete opposite of that. I think I think he was targeting very macho masculine men to read it to realize like to stop being idiots was his goal. And then he, and then he created the dichotomy of leadership, which talks about the balance of like, not just using logic, but like, actually making the best decision. Because black and white thinking isn't usually a very healthy dichotomy of leadership is one of my favorite books. Because what happened with Extreme Ownership is it's all about like, it's very, it's about taking Extreme Ownership. And then he created some problems, because all his followers became these like, logical douchebag. Like, Owner, like accountability, Nazis. And I saw it happen in real time, because I was following his community. And I was in his Facebook group, he had like, 100,000 people in it. And it was nothing but just these like, men arguing over like black and white, like, like, it was like theological debates over this guy's book. And then he released like, the dichotomy of leadership. And he was like, hey, black and white thinking is not the way the world thinks it's multi dimensional. There's way more going on than just like, oh, it's one or the other. Sometimes it's a middle road, sometimes it's a little more of this, and then this and another season and, and that's really what marketing is to now on on ads, and coaching and social media is it's not black and white. It's very, very multi dimensional. So anyways, we got to we got a few more people on here. Like I said, we sent this email out to over 5000 people. But it's, it's it shows that when you don't have a topic for people to show up on they don't show up to ask questions. And so,

[541:49] Speaker 1: so last question. Yeah. Because that you'll see we have some other people that joined. So the My biggest what I'm looking for is accessibility to you. Because I found that I didn't have that.

[546:07] Speaker 0: You'll have that in the program. It might not be. It might not be as often as you might like, as far as like me being 24/7, like, within two hours answering you but

[550:15] Speaker 1: like you mentioned like Monday, you have a call with the group. Yeah,

[550:56] Speaker 0: I do Monday calls, okay. But then I'm commenting in the Facebook group throughout the week. Okay. My goal is to be consistent to where I'm answering every day or every other day. And that's where I'm getting the structure in my life a little bit better to be able to do that. Currently, I get back to everybody, like, within the same week, as far as that goes before the next week.

[558:37] Speaker 0: Sometimes though, like I just the algorithm, I'm working on some systems I don't Message people's questions. So if I miss a question that you asked, tagged me in the group as well, just to like, oh, quick reminder, and it'll pop up on my notifications as well. But yeah, you get direct access to me in. And I've designed it in a way where I only have to work 10 to 15 hours a week. Yeah, I can still give that direct access. Yes.

[567:01] Speaker 1: Perfect. Beautiful. Well, thank you for your time today. I'll see you. Yeah,

[567:50] Speaker 0: yeah, definitely. Awesome. I don't know if anybody else has any other questions. But take advantage of this time. I guess while we're up here. I know Aaron Matthews is born with a question mark in his head. But sometimes he's got too many questions. He's like me like that, though. That's, he's my, my brother from another mother and that way. It's like, what? What's the most bestest question? That's what I'm always thinking.

[576:20] Speaker 0: I always love Aaron's questions, because he gets through thinking. Nobody else does look like it. Like I said, I gotta get going right at the top of the hour, right at two. So we'll

[581:46] Speaker 0: we will be cutting it short here, then, you know, here's something I want to talk about. I find I made a post today on this. And I think it's so amazing. Because it's an example of what life is like, and the true meaning of sacrifice. Because I had a horrible definition of sacrifice growing up in the church that I grew up in. The number one reason I've lost business like lost income, lost money, and people not wanting to work with me, last six years is making my wife and our family a priority. The number one reason my business has grown in the last six years because of making my wife and our family a priority. As because that I usually lose business from people, it always happens every time. And what and what this has done is it's funny is it's wired my brain in an interesting way that I didn't even realize. Till I started talking with my therapist about it. It's why I love having a guy like that. The number one thing that has always made my business grow to the next level was making my wife and our family a priority. And yet, it's also the number one thing that causes people in my life, to not want anything to do with me. To leave to, to have a problem with me. And so it stopped. I said, stop being afraid to lose business simply because people disagree with how you do life or who you love. Because all the people that I lost business with, on the way out the door, they would give me some advice. You know, maybe you should take care of your clients as well as you do your family instead of treating us like crap. And that's what they would say. And which is funny, because the whole problem was, is that I had a misalignment of treating my clients better than I was my family. And so every time I brought it back into alignment with my family, people in business would feel like their expectations were met. Because I was making my family more important. And it can be as simple as like, oh, I took an extra 24 hours to respond to an email type of a thing like, like it was that like, their definition of me treating them like crap was taking 24 hours longer to respond to an email. How many of y'all have honestly I think that that stupidity in my opinion. Like or, Oh, you didn't respond to that email because of a family emergency? Well, I can't trust you to do anything now in business. And I'm like, Yeah, I think that that's a very extreme response to like a very honest situation, but okay. No, but that's like, that's what I've run into with people. As I've run into that in business where I've lost clients because I made my wife and my son a pariah. Already

[640:32] Speaker 0: I remember I remember I had a, I had a signed contract. Six figures guaranteed

[645:00] Speaker 0: in 2020, right as COVID was starting, guaranteed. But there was one thing that was off about it that I had a feeling would cause an issue with my wife and I. And I brought it up to them. And I mentioned I said, Hey, can we adjust this in what you're asking me to do. And the next day, they ripped up the contract and call me and said, Don't ever call us again. And so in that sense, I realized, I think, actually dodged the bullet. And then it was actually again, when I came into alignment with making my family a priority. Because really, again, my wife and family, it's the same thing, making family a priority. But I feel like that's defined differently for some people, because I feel like some people make their kids more important than their spouse. And I found this, that I was even doing a little bit of that as I was making my son. Happiness more important than my wife's. And that's a misalignment. And I saw my parents do that growing up. I saw my mom do that I saw my, my dad tried to do that I saw, I saw a bunch of people in our church. Heck, I've seen so many amazing families do that, where they make the kids more important than the parents. And truthfully, there's a time and a place for that right? Parents need to sacrifice to raise their kids. It is a sacrifice, just bringing somebody into this world, right. Especially today with artificial intelligence. I mean, gosh, I brought my son into a war zone. And there's people today that that tell me like what kind of loving parent can I claim to be that I did that, that I brought somebody into the world today? You know what I mean? Again, I'm responsible for my choices. And so what that what that is, is it's it's, I got to prioritize bringing peace into the home, making it a peaceful place. Not chaos. Not stressful. And if that means that there's a demanding client, who is not accepting of the fact that I'm not working in the middle of a family emergency on a situation, I would rather lose that contract and lose whatever amount of money that is. Because otherwise, that's just greed is what it is. And I'll tell you this. Greed is the number one thing that breaks up families. And do you know the other part is, I think that a desire for a better family life is one of the biggest motivators for greed. That's an interesting paradigm. Because somebody pulled they want to make more money faster to have a better family life. Because they think that that's the answer. It makes things better, for sure. But it's not the answer. Because you'll come to a point where you realize the money doesn't matter. You know what I mean? And I feel like I'm lucky enough to have realized that at a younger age, because I saw that money doesn't matter that much. With my, with my mom's business and stuff like that. You know, the old adage is such a joke, too. It's like, oh, yeah, the rich person says money doesn't matter. What about the broke people that are homeless, right? Of course it matters, paying your bills matters. Being able to afford things matters. You know, I'm saying like, I'm not saying I don't have empathy for people situations, and that I'm just this high and mighty guru that now that I've reached some level of enlightenment, has anything of value to share with you guys. What I'm saying is, is that I think that making building strong communities a priority that starts in your home first. Starts with your your family. Friends, pets, that ally admit brings a lot of the business stuff into alignment. And sometimes our family. Sometimes our family is friends, they're not family because your family won't even talk to you. I mean, like your, your family might not even talk to you. So like, sometimes a better thing to do is to not resolve with your family. I have family members right now that I have blocked on my social media. And that's the best thing for our family right now. And, and, you know, so it's deciding what's best, regardless of what everybody else says is best. I think that's the ultimate thing I'm trying to get to here. It's a big part of my core message is do what you feel is best for you and your family. And if you're if you're single and by yourself, that's whatever is best for you. And your cat or your dog or your best friend or whatever that is right now. Some people are like, I don't have a platform. I don't have a community. I don't have millions of people that follow me. I don't have I don't have a wealthy rich, famous mom who

[739:38] Speaker 0: you know, taught me all these lessons. And if only I did then I could be successful.

[742:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, probably but then you'd like you would probably then you deal with the nepotism issue feel of entitlement that I dealt with, you know? Oh, you know, I've been doing this. I've been in this industry 20 something years and my mom has done this forever. I should just automatically be a success in business. Nope. I'm not entitled anything. And that's been the hardest lesson I've had to learn. Especially as I don't want to teach my son entitlement. I don't want to pass that on to him. I don't want to pass on to him. The mistakes that I made you know, I'm already we already see it happen. And you know, told told us first told his first lie the other day. It's cute when they do it the first time, right? But then you're like, Okay, that's human nature right there. And then he like, he got a little smirk like Aaron's got right now when he's like, that didn't happen. And he's like, now. It was so funny. We asked him what like, Did you did you poopy and he's like we're like you sure you Like it's cute. But it's like, you know, we got to teach him teach him to be truthful. So anyways, that's it. That was just like kind of the lesson I was filling on my heart here today. And that's why I got it. That's why I gotta head out at two o'clock here. If anybody has asked a question on the stream here, let me log into some of these Facebook groups here. Some of y'all don't always know how this looks. Some people are like Jeremiah's ignoring my questions. So let me just give you all a little bird's eye view of what's going on. Okay, so we got the chat in the thing. If you raise your hand I can see it we have the chat right here. There's no questions that pop up here. But sometimes if I go into the Facebook groups there's a question underneath the video itself and those don't come up so I have to like oh, look, you're Yeah, so I had to go into like where I was streaming it. And this is something that I usually do by the way, just a little look under the curtain. So when I host I hosted like three free events this month, so I streamed all our sessions and all three and then I and then when I have to do is after remember tomorrow to go in and like delete all the recordings. That's one thing that I've struggled i I've keep forgetting to do this I need to have my my team go in and actually do that as well. It doesn't look like anybody's leaving comments in those. I started using different color psychology and a lot of these as well I started using like this like yellow gold red and then like a brighter blue and purple. You might have noticed I use some of those colors in our emails to some of the emails, the color psychology of the event titles, stuff like that I was using in the emails. So that's some of the new stuff that we're teaching in our in our accelerator as well as how to use color and a lot more emotional connection in a way that that makes sense. That's not weird. There's a weird way to do it and then there's like a good way to do it. There's like a there's like a if you ever see those coaches out there, I'm not a big fan of it, because maybe I don't understand the world of it. But like, there's a whole niche of coaches, they teach NLP and hypnotism and you see that rubs me the wrong way a little bit, feels a little bit like you're taking control away from somebody to decide on their own what they want to do. So I've never actually studied NLP or hypnotism at all, but what I have studied is how to retrain my own mind. And what I've learned is that some of the tactics that I've been taught about how to retrain my own mind actually came from NLP and hypnotism. But they were reframed in a different way. Isn't that interesting? How many y'all ever heard of Joe Dispenza? Okay. I think some of his stuff is really, really good. I enjoyed that. I enjoyed quite a bit of his teaching. Some of it's a little off for me. I throw away some of it. But one of them that I found that was very interesting is where he talks about the the brainwaves and getting into a different like an alpha and theta, brainwave state. And I've taught myself, how to get myself into those different brainwave states on demand, based on what I'm trying to accomplish. And it's not something that I've ever taught anybody. But it's something that I'd like to study more maybe find the best training on? I don't think Dr. Joe is the best one on it. I think he's a little bit too New Age woowoo. for my liking on that, but I think that there's some scientific info on that. Do you know of any that are might be better than Dr. Joe that might teach some of that. Anybody that's on here right now. That is no, not hypnosis. Alpha, like in beta, like, getting yourself into like, like a theta, brainwave state, to suggest to yourself, the thing that you want to do. So the idea is like a self auto suggestion type thing. Because I talk about that a lot. That talk about the power of affirmation is when you really start believing it, and it becomes like an identity statement. You know, like I say, this, like, start declaring, like, I am a millionaire. But don't be stupid, and post that on social media, right? Because like, that's a lie. And the problem is your brain, if you say I'm a millionaire is gonna go into logic, and say, You're lying to me. But if you can figure out the idea of actually programming the brain to get it to believe I am a millionaire. But my bank account today might not reflect that, but it is going to right now that's a little bit more truthful. What I like to do is I like to turn some of these affirmations into like, truthful statements that align with our spirit, and teach people to develop some of those, and then start to talk with them. So like my wife and I, we did this before we bought our house. We picked out the house we wanted. And I'll tell you, when we picked up the house, we wanted our credit and our debt and all that where it was impossible to make this happen. But we just started declaring we're going to be homeowners in this area, with this type of house. And it's exactly the house we bought. And even though our and then we would say this and even though our credit, and our bank account and our income, and our debt does not align with this right now, we believe that it will at the right moment in time, and we will purchase that house. And I would say maybe two years later, we were able to buy the house. And so what it was was it was like it was aligning affirmations with truth. So that our our there wasn't a conflict. It wasn't the cognitive dissonance. Does that make sense? I think that's part of the issue with affirmations and visualization is the cognitive dissonance because you're not being truthful with yourself about what's really going on. And so what I like to do is I like to pull in the affirmations and I use AI to create some of these because I'll tell it, what I want to do and what I'm dealing with and my struggles I'll tell it to create the best affirmation. And I'll say, you are a I'll literally tell it, you are an affirmations writing guru that knows how to create the very best phrases to get me to start to think in a new way about this right? 100 of them. Okay, so then I'll take the best ones, I'll rewrite them based on my framework of adding like the truthful statement to. And then I use this tool right here. And this is where it gets really fun. 11 Labs, so a lot of people are scared of 11 Labs, basically, it clones your voice. It clones your voice to sound exactly like you. Hello, everyone hears an AI voice of Jeremiah. I don't know if you could hear that. Could you hear that?

[894:02] Speaker 0: Hello, everyone, here's an AI voice of Jeremiah, I was trying to do on my mom. When I entered the world of trade. It was ironic to me, but it wasn't making it very well, I entered the world of day trading. Basically, though, they have like a pro version that I've never actually invested in. Where, like they'll bill, they'll make a really accurate one. What I'll do though, is I'll take those affirmations and I'll have the AI version of my voice that sounds in the similar tone that I like to listen to myself talk to myself. And I created a recording of the AI version of myself just reading like an hour of these. And then I just like went to sleep listening to my own voice affirming this. And I did this for like, a year. And I'll tell you some of the biggest breakthroughs in my life happened when that happened and get in No, I just thought about this. I haven't done that in about a year, maybe I should start doing that again. Whatever, you know, I'm a great loving, loving husband that knows how to how to show up and turn off business mode. When I'm with my family, and not need a long transition period, something I'm working on. Aaron knows what I'm talking about us men, we need a long transition period. Sometimes, I think that's why sometimes like the commute after work. You don't I mean? I used to think my dad, that's why my dad drove two hours to General Motors, he needed a two hour commute just to get back with family.

[922:53] Speaker 1: And he was up sorry, oh, what's up, I was just gonna say what you did by listening to what sounds like your own voice to you is such a hack. Oh, yeah, here with everyone. If you find affirmations that truly resonate that you already believe

[926:58] Speaker 0: you have the AI make them. And then you can modify them to really resonate, and then create an audio of your own voice. So then what I did was I created a whole series of them, I did a Sales series. I did a marketing series, I did a I did a leadership series for my team. For like how to like, like for me to lead my team better. Like I am a great leader that knows how to listen to their struggles, and help solve problems with my team instead of having an authoritative tone. Or being you know, I'm a great coach that shows up with empathy and things. And so like, just declaring this are my wish, by the way, these weren't necessarily things that I like sucked at. But I struggled sometimes of getting emotionally triggered out of them. Because I felt like I was a good coach with some of my clients, but not all of them. So that's another place where affirmations can help like, I'm really good at, oh, here's one I probably need to do. I'm really good at explaining really tough, technical concepts about video production to people. Because currently I struggle with that. But if I start speaking those affirmations over myself, we're gonna have a really great course come out of that one. Video Production. All right, Aaron, I keep seeing you raise your hand. I don't know if you got something to say.

[951:54] Speaker 2: Oh, sorry, man. I was just, I just want to affirm the decision you've made to set those boundaries in your life, man, because I totally, totally agree with that, as a therapist, as a dad as a husband. I've got to I've got to have that time. And I even set that expectation when I first meet with people. Like hey, listen, I love you. I want to be here for you. I want to help you, but I'm gonna be able to charge in order to help you and be here for you. Yeah, I just want to affirm that and I think that's exactly the right thing. And that's the reason why I want to do more than just Therapy get into, like coaching and that sort of thing helping men find that that purpose in their life. Yeah, allowing them to learn how to play and do that sort of thing as well. So affirm that. Yep.

[963:03] Speaker 0: That's good. As a hypnotist, take it. Yeah, totally. Yeah, that's awesome. It's funny, though, I feel that the term hypnotist, it's like, it's got the same stigma as like Baptist pastor. You know, I mean, like you say that, but then like, not all are the same way. You know? I mean, not all coaches are the same way. politician, right? Well, a lot of them are the same way. But that world is a that's a beast. I work with a friend of mine who runs Facebook ads for a number of senators. And, and we meet up all the time, and just talk about like, some of the latest strategies and stuff like that. Those are interesting conversations, because that goes a lot deeper into like, what's going on? And then I and then I'm able to bring a lot of that to you guys and be like, Okay, this is going on in the world right now. And that's the thing is, I think it's just because I who I'm connected with, is I hear stuff that's like deep insider information. But the coolest part is, is it's not illegal for me to share this stuff with you. You know, I'm saying because like, if it was, let's, let's put it this way, if the stuff I here and then share with you was a stock that was being traded, I'd get in trouble for insider trading, probably. But the stuff that I hear from insiders about advertising, and then share with you, the people who's sharing them with me or sharing them with me, so that I share them with you is why so it's like, it's not a bad thing. It's a good thing, because then it gets out there and more people start using it. If more people start using these tactics that are less powerful for the quote unquote elite people to use, does that make sense? And then people are less subject to them as well. So the problem is, Cynthia, Can I say one short thing real quick. So I was watching an interview the other day, and there was a logo on it. And it was doing this rotation pattern. And I was like, that logo is actually almost like a hypnotic pattern. That's trying to put viewers in a trance right now. It was on a news network. Like that is so interesting. And I noticed it. I'd never noticed that before. And I'm like, if you start noticing in TV commercials, there's certain color patterns that try to hypnotize people. And then you wonder why you're craving a certain product. It's very interesting. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I'll see I think the hidden arrow and FedEx is pretty cool. Actually. I think that's brilliant.

[1007:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a lot going on with the FedEx logo, and even their, the way they came up with their business model. And the fact like they're not federal at all, but what a great name, right. It's like such a. It's such a brilliant thing. Gwyneth Paltrow called goop lab because she was told that companies that do really well have two O's in their name. And then it's her initials GP and then oh, goop, which is funny, and I thought about tick tock, Facebook.

[1015:58] Speaker 0: Anyways, I think it's double letters, I'm noticing. And it's different letters at different time periods. Right now it's O's. Like when twit, Twitter, two T's I think something about double letters though. The word accelerator is a good one. Client growth accelerator accelerator right now is very big in the AI space, too. It's a huge term in the AI space. And I came up with that name like two years ago. And it's so aligned with like, where we're going with AI I didn't even realize it. So there we go. All right. Thanks, Cynthia. And yes, I'm five minutes past my top of the hour here that I said I was going to be gone. Alright, everybody. Great. Just questions ever made it. Sherry, did you have a quick question? Yeah. Oh, I can't hear you. I see your voice but yeah, the NFL ColorBar Yeah, exactly. The United States killer branding. Totally create national pride. What's up sherry? Hi,

[1034:12] Speaker 3: Jeremy. How are you?

[1034:46] Speaker 0: Good. How are you?

[1035:00] Speaker 3: Good, good. My question would be I had it I've set out for a little while and so would would it be okay, if I jumped in tomorrow on your welcoming cow or are you going to have that tomorrow? Yeah. Would that be out K

[1040:00] Speaker 0: if I did for everybody the welcome calls for everybody.

[1040:46] Speaker 3: Okay, cuz I'm wanting to get back in the day. Yeah,

[1041:48] Speaker 0: let me make a note to to send that off to everybody that I think it's gonna be a good one for everybody.

[1044:02] Speaker 3: Do you know what time it is? Yeah,

[1044:45] Speaker 0: it's a different time than we've done normally. For the welcome calls, it's going to be at 10am tomorrow.

[1047:02] Speaker 3: And is that eastern central

[1047:48] Speaker 0: time? Oh, perfect. 10am Central 11 Eastern. The reason why was I was supposed to hop on a plane right after and go to Phoenix, Arizona, and then God had other plans. So we decided not to go to Phoenix, Arizona. We just like there was just too much it was like this. I think it's in stereo that we probably shouldn't go. So we like we cancelled got refunds on everything because we, we were within the refund period on everything. That's great. So but we just leave we just felt like it was wiser to not know. And so here we go. So yeah, 10am is what it is normally the faster calls at three 3pm Central 4pm. Whenever we have done those before, but it's it's morning. All right, everybody. Yes. Sounds great. Thank you, buddy who's watching the recording of this because people log in throughout the day and watch it. The doors closed tonight for enrollment to get into the accelerator program. All right. And you get enough emails from us, so you should know that. All right. See y'all later. I gotta get going to talk soon. Bye. Thank you. Have a good one.

