2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2024-02-03T21:35:41.000Z
Duration: 111 min
Otter ID: HBM3rfIJacyZsTsCbUOs0TSH464
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty let's dive in our bonus. Bonus bonus q&a This one's gonna be good today. I am excited for this. Let me let me open it up to stream into some of the platforms in

[11:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: nacked connect. Connect don't do

[14:42] Speaker 1: Danna Dan. All right.

[16:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whale. What's up, man?

[17:53] Aaron Matthews: What's up? How are you?

[18:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Doing? Good. You're the only one on here right now. Whenever I do these bonus q&a is they start like real slow. Because there's no, there's, I figured out why it was used to bug me because there's no real like, intention behind them.

[22:53] Aaron Matthews: Right? It's

[23:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: just like, it's a bonus times people are like, I don't know if and then they like they think. And then by the end, I usually have like a bunch of people on which is crazy. Because we sent him out and everything but yeah, cool. I'm trying to stream it out here to people. It's funny though, I got to I only did this twice where I put the link in the stream. And people tried to stream porn into the stream.

[29:58] Aaron Matthews: Oh, my heavens.

[30:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So don't do it, you stream a zoom call out. Don't put the Zoom link publicly.

[32:37] Aaron Matthews: I learned that the hard way. Like there was there was somebody that that joined the group, it was a group of therapists. We were doing a CEU online, you know, continuing education thing online and in doing zoom, and they, whoever was I was the one running the meeting. But whoever decided they were going to put that out on public. We got people they were showing like beheading videos and all kinds of crazy stuff.

[38:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, there's a there's a whole.

[39:03] Aaron Matthews: So

[39:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's funny, anybody who watches the recording of this can be like, What the heck is this going on? Right? Like

[41:45] Speaker 3: I jumped in just in the middle of that.

[43:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was just sharing that like advice. Like, if you stream out in zoom, you don't want to put the Zoom link with it. Even if you want more people to come up, you want them to like make sure that they join a facebook group or something to get the link. So like, I'm gonna put I'm gonna put the description here because I'm I still stream it though. So live q&a. Join us live. Get the private zoom link by jumping into this Facebook group. And so the thing is, is like people don't like it's because it'll just instantly Dox them if they do that to join the group. So the bad actors don't actually do that. But we can still like let real people come in so that some people wonder like, why I had the Facebook group thing it there's a whole like, thing that it keeps out the crappy ones. And make sense, like people legit because they got to have their real profile on there. And the ads connected with them. And Facebook makes people even have an ID and stuff like that. So a burglar like I don't have a Facebook group. I want to join your stuff. I'm like, sorry, you know? And nine times out of 10 like those aren't legit people. So let's see bonus q&a Live. How are you doing though? You got you got? Sure you guys got some questions?

[63:36] Aaron Matthews: You answered. You answered.

[64:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Yeah, yeah, so I use I use OBS. There's another site though. I was thinking about I keep forgetting to mention this table. It's called Oh, that's not even your living room.

[67:31] Aaron Matthews: No, that's my office actually.

[67:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I gotcha. Yeah. Anyways, I there's another tool. I'll let me once I get this stream run running, I can show you in just a sec. Okay, because everybody asked me that question. And I always give like the hardest possible answer and then I like realized later. Oh, wait, there's like three other much easier answers. Gotcha. That's something my wife is like, you know, you could have told me the easy way first. All right, let's see. Okay, we go live here. I'm going to copy this over here. There's like a three step process. I always have to do with this because sometimes it'll stream it without my Knowing if I'm not aware, okay, there we go. Okay, now we're streaming. We're up, we're in all the groups. And then what I did was I attached the Facebook group link to it. So what's cool is I got like a few extra people last couple of days, even off a YouTube that have joined the group. And then I can I can, like, see what I love just about being in the Facebook group, group two is I can scroll through and I can see faces of like, who I'm talking to. And, you know, I'll be I'll be I'll totally admit it, I click on their profiles, I'll see what's going on, you know, I'm not I try not to be super judgy. Because like, it's like, I click on it, and it's like, every post is like about vaccines. And I'm like, All right, you know, like, I do recommend some people I'm like, give every post you make is vaccines, and you're trying to build your business, the platforms will like deprioritize. You. And so you could totally have your opinion about vaccines, but you may want to create a business page and not absolutely. Yeah, you know, as far as that goes, it's funny, I'll even I even said vaccines on this video watch, they're gonna be prioritize me just know, they have an AI that, like they read through all that meta AI. That's why they've been developing a lot. People don't know that. They've not actually publicly come out and said that, but I've worked with them long enough that I'm 100% certain of this. They're developing their AI because they can tell the intent behind video content and all of that, to see Is this legit or not? So like their AI could read what I'm saying right now and tell what my contents basis is around. And they can tell the not deprioritize me versus somebody else instead of just blanketly blocking people because they said certain key words, you know, yeah, so and so that's why they're they're developing there, they have actually committed Zuckerberg on their call, their stock went up, I think like 25%, he committed to Mehta is going to be the leader in artificial intelligence in the next like, and the reason why is their Facebook ads, is because they will be able to show better ads to people, the better their AI gets, and their ads will be better and content will be better. I saw somebody make a post, they're like, eventually all of social media is just going to become an AI avatar version of our consciousness. And I'm like, Okay, that's a that's a very big bold ask, I don't think it's going to be like that. But you know, you read sci fi and stuff like that. And you're like, there's some truth behind that, too, you know. So some people don't realize science fiction is just a review of some of the stuff that's coming in might not even be in our lifetime. Elon Musk says, The Culture series by Ian banks, is probably the closest to what he thinks like actual future AI and multiplanetary stuff will be. And so and it's a it's a crazy series, but I've read the first book, it's insane. But like in a in a fun way. Like it's it's called a utopian vision of AI. It's a positive vision versus a negative. And the whole idea is like humanity has always moves towards more of a hopeful direction. Even when things get bad, we always end up rising above again, better. You know, and if we look throughout history, we can see that evidence. You take that out to like its extreme. And it's like, you know, there could be 1000 years of a dark age. That's what the whole conversation of the foundation series by Isaac Asimov is all about, you know, but anyways, we're talking sci fi here. What's up? Heidi, how are you? Liana is here, Heidi's here. Darren is here, here. This is our live q&a time. So again, you know, we're not here to talk about sci fi science fiction, but AI is such a big part of our marketing. So I do. I do bring a little bit of that into it. So Darren, okay, what's going on?

[145:16] Speaker 3: Hey, well, you just kind of touched on it there. And I think you talked about it in the training a little bit. Regarding the Facebook using your own name versus business account. I'm definitely in an odd spot in that I'm creating something here on the side. Not really letting my the work that I worked for know what I'm doing. Oh, I gotcha. It's all on I separated the two and I'm doing it as legitimately as possible. But would you recommend creating a business one or

[154:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, make a business page well, so here's the thing so Okay, profile is one thing Facebook profile, Facebook, when you run ads or do anything with business, on Facebook and Instagram there are two separate platforms but the The ads manager is the same. And when you run ads, they go on both of them. So that's why I always talk Facebook and Instagram, the same conversation, but they're very different from each other. So Instagram, you can have multiple Instagram accounts, and you can run ads to one or the other. So yes, I would make a business, Instagram that's separate from everything else. And that's for your business. And then you got like a, like a friend Instagram over here that's like for just friends and family. Right? Okay. Now, Facebook does not necessarily like this type of a thing on Facebook, okay. So they only allow you to have one profile, okay. But that profile can be an administrator of as many pages as you want. And nobody will know that you're the admin of any page. So I'm admin of certain pages that nobody knows on the admin, if it doesn't show up anywhere, there's no way you could find out unless I told you that I'm the admin of them. Because there are clients that I work with, and they put me as admin on those pages. So your profile, everybody needs a profile, they only allow you to have one profile. Okay, so that's like your, that's like, that's you then and it can only actually be your real name. There's a few legacy accounts that are not your real name. They don't make older accounts change their names. So that's one of the benefits. I know quite a few people, they're still using it, where it's not their real name, but they've used that account forever. So Facebook's not forcing them to change their name, because there's so much data in there. But you can make a Facebook page off of this. So like you could make a page that's your business right here. And then you can run ads around that. And if you wanted to, you can make this be whatever you want, could be an avatar, a different identity. I knew a lady she actually had a six figure business, I coached her for five years, she created a persona, that was a cartoon that it was still her personality, but it was a different name. Right. So it was 100% her it but it like she felt like a lot safer on the internet by doing that with a persona like that. And what was fun is about four years later, she did this whole like reveal. And the connection she made with people was deeper because of that they loved her even more because they got to know her. And they realized that actually, this avatar personality was the same as the real lady. But, you know, they got to know this like cartoon version. And then they saw the real one. And what was funny was Is she was she was African American. And an avatar was a white lady was an old white lady.

[206:38] Speaker 0: It was great. It was awesome. Like, and they loved it too. They thought it was the funny. It was a comedy page is what it was, it was real snarky. And it was like, like for women that have like, had crappy relationships with men just to kind of talk smack about that stuff. And

[211:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it was great. It was amazing. And I told her this, I told her, You want to know what the next level your business is, you're going to tell people like who you are. And you're going to come outside of that persona. And it took her a year to do that. But she finally did and now she basically it's her and the cartoon and they're like together you know, everyone said it was so cool, seeing how that was effective, and how she did it so authentically. And that's what I was like there is a way to do it authentically but your personality has to be 100% unfiltered if you do that. And so does it work better if you do your face your personality and your film unfiltered all together? Yes. My mom and I were talking about that today like as she's grown my mom has more layers of the unfiltered Sandy Gronkowski is coming out more layers of the unfiltered Jeremiah Krakowski are starting to come out with y'all. Like there's a lot of people they felt you found me like a year ago. I'm a lot more laid back I think today than I was then. I think I was a little bit more like you could see a lot of my insecurities. I think coming out. I still got by the way. I don't claim to have all the answers. I still got a lot of insecurities. You know, Aaron's like I know I can tell No, I'm kidding. But like we all do, right? We all got a feeling that myself we all got issues and we gotta like be I think we got to be real and humble about the fact that like, hey, we don't got it all together. We live in an interesting world that's seeking perfect people that have no mistakes and no issues. I had a lady she joined My program two months ago, she might be watching this video. She wrote in and said, Jeremiah had to leave because you shared your story about your struggle with alcohol. And I just can't trust a criminal. And I just and I said, you know, she just said, I just don't feel safe being around. And that's what she said, and I just, I left it at that I'm like, I'm not I don't need to convince this person that I'm somebody that I'm you know that I'm not like, I'm 100. I'm very transparent on the fact number one, I don't drink anymore. I had two periods of my life that I stopped drinking alcohol, and they were the best moments in my life, I met my wife, and my baby was born. So I go back to the life of me drinking. I don't even have a craving for it either. Like, like, like, it's actually like this, like, and I used to, like, drink a lot, too. And I did, I think I did a lot of the I learned a lot of the personal development lessons that they teach in AAA, but I kind of did it on my own with self help. And with a therapist and things like that and and realized what was I actually drinking for it was my own mental health. Well, the fact is, my business couldn't grow when I was drinking. Because the version of myself that I needed to be for business wasn't showing up. And I'll tell you all this, if you're if you still drink I got no, I don't keep Shame on people at all. You know, I used to say this, when I used to drink a lot, the version of myself that I like, is the one that shows up the version of myself that I wish I could be all the time shows up. Now what's crazy, is I'm a way more confident version of myself now without the alcohol. You know, and so first three podcast episodes of my podcast, I took two shots of tequila before I recorded the first three, like actually, I would say the first 20 episodes, I probably drank, like for half of them. Because I didn't have the confidence to do it. Right. And I had learned that that was something I had actually learned. When I was working with Danny Johnson, it was a it was an advice. She gave people that like, Listen, if you can't get out of your head, have a glass of wine, and then do your sales calls. And you know that, again, it's hard because I know, I know how I was back then I was like, that could help some people. But also it could create some dependency. So I'm careful to like try to make that advice. That's but like, that's what that was me. That was my story. I needed the alcohol. And then I learned how to not need it. So by being authentic, I think that's it. But sometimes when I share that authentic part of my story, and I get it, I got empathy. If somebody was abused by an alcoholic, you know, in business, they probably wouldn't feel safe around somebody who had that passed. So and I went to jail for drunk driving. You know? So this was like, this is back in 2009. So this was 15 years ago. Was that. But yeah, I stopped drinking three years ago. So good. All right. So that's kind of my thoughts on that. Like, if you're like, Hey, I gotta like, hide create a persona. People don't need to know it, there's a way to do it. Ethically, that works. And you can just use it like a pseudonym on the page. You know, you could be like I don't know, you use your middle name or something. So Aaron, something you had asked about the the software I was going to show you this, I was going to show you, you would ask the question about the different pieces of software. So one of them a stream yard. You ever heard of stream yard? I have not. Okay, so stream yard is really cool, because it allows you to try the easiest to use. So that's why I love I always gravitate towards what's the easiest to use for people. So generally, like, if y'all are like, which platform should I use? I usually give you an easy option, and then the cheap option. And the cheap option is usually never the easy option, right? And so and then there's all there is sometimes a best option, which is different. And it's usually the most expensive and it's easier to use. But it's also like way more expensive than the other one that can confuse people to like them which one to use. I was thinking about that with you, Darren one as well. One thing I'll talk about that in just a second. It was it because you were talking about like you had trouble kind of picking platforms and stuff like that. Because it's like, that's that is like, that's a hard thing. How many of y'all struggle with that? We're like with software, there's like there's a best one. There's an easy one, and then there's like there's the cheapest one, right? And generally, you can only pick two of these. You can't get both, okay? So if it's easy and it's cheap, it's probably not the best if it's The best and it's easy. It's guaranteed not cheap. Actually, I'll say this. There's usually it's never there's never this doesn't exist, that's a unicorn. The best and the cheapest are not they don't ever actually exist out there in my experience. And so that if somebody's claiming that that's usually a unicorn right there, right? They're trying to scam you.

[327:02] Speaker 0: And by the way, that's because it's too good to be true at that point. I tell people that all the time. Like there's that whole if it's too good to be true, it probably is. Some of y'all are triggering that and people by trying to be the cheapest option for your coaching.

[331:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And they're like, Well, wait a sec, how can you be so good if you're so cheap, and it triggers this lack of belief in people. So don't be the cheapest, but maybe be you could be pricing like in the middle, like be more than the cheapest, but you don't have to be like so expensive either. That's where I came up with the kind of 500 to $1,000 price point for a lot of people, because that is expensive to some people. But it is cheaper than 50,000 Compared to other coaches, right. Whereas I see people try to sell their coaching at like 97 bucks, 197 bucks, 2747 bucks, that's way too cheap. You can sell stuff like a VIP session to you know, a training or something, but like, your whole program should never be that cheap. You can be 97 bucks a month, 27 bucks a month, 47 bucks a month on a monthly payment option. But the goal of a monthly payment is to get people to make more than one payment on a membership, right? I have not seeing much success with people that have like a $7 or, or, or a 20 to like under 20 bucks a month. Like long term. But I have people do like a free trial where they'll do like $1 trial, and then it goes up to 30 bucks after the first month seen a lot of success with that. I've seen a lot of success with free trial, and then it goes up to over 30 bucks. 40 bucks, 50 bucks. So again, there's all these different things you can do with price that help build trust with people as well, money back guarantee all of that. But yeah, so stream yard all that to say that was like a big explanation of pricing. And some of the software's that I liked. Stream yard, they're not the cheapest, but they're probably the easiest to use, and they got a great quality. So you can stream you can invite people up into it, you can share your screen, you can do all of that in a very simple, easy to use little dashboard like this with stream yard. And you can also schedule recorded content. So you can you can record a session, and you can have a play at back that's already been pre recorded into like a Facebook group or live. Gary Vaynerchuk recommends it he's blown away. All these big companies recommend it because it really is amazing. As what it does, stream yard is probably one of the easiest to use the simplest highest quality for like sharing screen recording things like that, I use a different one. It's a little bit harder to use, but I think its feature set is slightly better for my purposes. As I compared the two, I signed up for both. And I actually used them for like a month and a half. And I actually found I preferred this one right here. Not necessarily for recording content. But for streaming. It's called restream. So that's where we're at right here. We're in restream right now. And it streams out into all these different platforms that I'm on. So that's how I'm able to send a signal to all these other platforms. And I can upload a video file to stream I can schedule an event, I can go into their studio, and I can do screen sharing and all that. I'll tell you this though, their screen sharing and recording option is a little bit harder to use than stream yards is. So generally I'll stream out from zoom or I'll still I will use I use OBS. So OBS is going to be the most feature set full of features. But it's also the hardest to use and learn. It's software that goes on your computer and it allows you to record content and to you know, switch screens and stuff like that and there's another one out there. What's it called? You type in OBS, there's a slightly easier one. Stream labs that's it. So OBS is an open source software stream labs took the OBS platform and made it slightly easier to use For gamers and stuff, but they got all these features and things like that. And so like you got the desktop console, you got the talk console and all that. The stream Labs is probably one of the coolest sets out there that has like, all these features, but it's almost more complicated even than like what I need. So, and I can like see, it was particularly made for like video games, streamers to add all these like pop ups and buttons and all of this to pop in. And so like stream labs, you can do some crazy stuff with, with overlays and things. stream out to different platforms. Yeah, so they got like this ultra that has, like, all these different features. So that's where again, like, that's where you get real confused. It's like, oh, my gosh, I got all these platforms. Now what do I do, that's the tech overwhelm. You know, one of the things I would I always encourage people to to do realize you don't need to use the best software of everything. Because there's always going to be something better that pops up on the scene. And I tell people this use the software that you can use consistently, that you will be consistent with that will develop consistent habits for you. So if you find yourself frustrated with a piece of software, the chances of you becoming a consistent user of it are very low. For most people. It is for me, so if I'm frustrated with a piece of paid software, I will pay more money to use the easier software. Because now my frustration is removed and I'm going to be consistent with using it. Me not being consistent, using a software that I need to use, that's harder is a worse thing for me overall than paying a little bit of money for something that's easier to use, because I would rather be consistent with it. So that's why like I love Squarespace because it's so easy to use. That's why I love it's called I Love MailChimp for email software, it's so easy to use. And so many other mail software's are a lot harder to use to get the same like result with so but you know, systemic IO, it's free. It does so much is a Swiss army knife for free and it does a good job of it. It's probably it's actually easier to use than go high level I think. And go high level is like 100 bucks a month or systemic IO is a little bit easier to use and go high level but go high level probably go high levels the best. But it's also hard to learn. It's it's hard. It's but it's also go high level is kind of cheap. So actually go high level might fit into the cheapest best category, right? But it's not easy. So so it's picking something accepting the fact that it's not perfect. And I and I think that's where it's like, we got to realize that there's nothing in life that is perfect because people make them. You know, there's not the perfect mentor out there. There's not the perfect coach, there's not the perfect that we don't have to be perfect either. There's not the perfect home, there's not the perfect car

[456:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: gosh, I got a whole I should I should make a podcast. I got like a whole hour I want to talk on this. I used to okay, I used to buy a bunch of cars. Because I would be so pissed off that they weren't perfect. So I would buy like a Honda Civic. And then I would buy I had a Corvette and I had a Hellcat and I had a jeep. And I had a truck and I had all these cars and they all had problems. And I realized, well, they're all going to have problems because their cars there's no perfect car manufacturer, the closest thing that's why though I actually do like buying a new car with a warranty because of the peace of mind that it will get fixed by somebody for the little bit of an extra premium that I pay. But now the new car market is crazy. So now that I like can afford to pay for car repairs now I'm like, Okay, I'll buy a used car because I can pay the mechanic now. And I'm not going to like be out if he says oh, it's five grand to put a new motor in. Right? I would rather pay twice as much per month to not have to be out a car because my mechanic needs to replace my motor. A lot of the cars I bought their motors would blow on him. They were aesthetically really nice on the outside and they were mechanically not so good. So that looked really good on the outside. Then I started buying Unlike hoopty is on the outside that had real good motors. And that's where I like I realized, okay, like buy a car with a good motor. Even if it's not the best on the outside, you're gonna be a lot happier. You know, a 2000 Corvette is probably one of the best values you can get because you got that LS one motor things like a tank, and they're fun to drive. I sold mine like two years ago.

[486:53] Aaron Matthews: It's sort of like the music you bought hoopty nobody steals it. So yeah,

[488:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: that too, right? Yeah, exactly. I tell my wife that I want to get a C 706 here soon. So it's one of those. I told her I gotta I have a milestone to hit with, like our recurring monthly revenue. And once I hit that, we'll go get me one. So it's double what we were at a year ago. So all right. Hi, do you got a question? What's up? Heidi? How are you?

[495:39] Heidi Jeremenko: I'm not too bad. Um, in talking about the whole software thing? Yeah. Um, and I don't know, this might be redundant, but basic software needed for

[499:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: coaching, basic software needed for coaching.

[500:21] Heidi Jeremenko: So I mean, basically, you what I have done thus far, is, you know, zoom for it. I had stripe square for payments. And talked about the MailChimp thing to go ahead and integrate. Have you used Calendly? Yes, I have Calendly to I have my link and everything came

[507:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: in through Calendly, which is cool. So. Okay. Yeah,

[508:17] Heidi Jeremenko: all I have on there is just my calendar available. Yeah,

[509:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So like, the higher tier lets you take payment. Okay. And so that's what's really kind of cool is you can, it can actually act as your kind of like, buy a session from you type thing. Okay, or you can just send them an invoice or have them Venmo. You to? That's what my therapist does.

[514:53] Heidi Jeremenko: Yeah. And I had digital stuff. So I had a stay on store. So through scan, it had taken payments. That's kind of a whole other area, not with any of the coaching stuff. I've heard

[518:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: a few people talk about Stan store.

[519:14] Heidi Jeremenko: Well, it's nice, because I was actually able to just link my stripe that was already all set up. Cool. So it all just kind of loads through there. It looks

[522:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: like they took the concept of only fans and got rid of the porn

[524:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: stay in store. Yeah. Because it's like, it's so simple and easy to kind of get. So that's cool. Yeah, cuz it does like the courses and all that. Again, there's so many software's out there, I should I should take a look at this. If you like stand store, use it.

[530:36] Heidi Jeremenko: I should mention, I'm just starting to I did, I was told that you can actually go ahead and do emails and email campaign through there. So that that way, once they purchase it, they get the thank you for your email, and all of that sort of stuff to set up as well. So I'm kind of looking at the I did the free trial, or and now. You

[536:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: got me sign up now. Check it out. So

[537:51] Heidi Jeremenko: my link for it. Was that. I said I have a link. Oh, yeah.

[540:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, they need me to put a credit card down. Yeah,

[541:05] Heidi Jeremenko: because it's the same thing. And if you don't want the 14 days, it's, um, I think their basic one is $30. Yeah,

[543:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know what, though? Let me let me let me do it. Why not? Just do it. I see. That's the thing. So I found myself you want you want to know that? What helped me sell my business so well. Is I am the biggest sucker for trials and money back guarantees. I sign up for every single one of them that I find. And I found my business started to grow when I like became okay with that and realize that oh, I do forget some of them. But I ended up using them eventually. Or I'll just write in I'll be like, Hey, sorry, payment went through. Can you refund that? You know?

[553:56] Heidi Jeremenko: I liked it. With the other stuff. I was able to link everything in my standard store. Yeah, that's cool. Oh, and then anybody else you can literally just tell them your stance, send them your standard store link. It's really easy.

[557:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. No and again, so everything that we everything that we that we teach in my accelerator and all that it's a Independent overall have a platform. But I recommend the platforms that I know that are like, easy to use and stuff like that. Who knows, I mean, I might find I like this too. And I might make a little course in the members area on this software, I'm always open to like if I find that something is easier to use and cheaper than some of the other stuff that's out there. I like to bring it to our our students.

[566:46] Heidi Jeremenko: I like Stan on like Stripe because you know, if you have like different discounts, or you give, like somebody a payment plan or things like that stripe, you had to go in and individually, do it.

[570:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, what's your what's your handle? I can put your referral right here.

[570:56] Heidi Jeremenko: Oh, let me stand doesn't make you do that.

[572:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: They give you that handle whatever your story is. Yep. Cool. Anyways, so and I know Darren is here. He's like, Man, I'm like, so are you still confused? On the software? Right? Which one do you want to do? I tell people this, this is an area of it's like, and again, this could come across harsh or dismissive. It's an area I think of personal growth and mindset, to be able to, like, decide like, Okay, I'm going to, I'm going to start using one platform. And I'm going to stick with it for six months, and I'm going to start using it. And I'm not going to get shiny object syndrome, trying to find what the best one is. And addressing whatever that thing is inside of us. That feels uncomfortable with making that decision. Okay. So many of them just software's because shiny object syndrome thing, right?

[587:28] Heidi Jeremenko: Oh, it is. How do you streamline for this one? Yeah. And I run into.

[589:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's funny, I don't, I haven't talked about it a lot, because I don't think I've had this much language for it. By the way, I have shiny object syndrome myself, constantly. Here's just the thing, though, I make I make enough money that I can just buy them all. Well, I spoke about this. It's a gaming computer right here. But I'm on a gaming computer right here. And I got a Playstation and an Xbox and all that in my, in my office. So like, I haven't actually dealt with that in me fully. I've just learned how to work through it. Right? I've worked I've learned how to make enough money that I can have the option you can have the objects, right. But at the same time, it's like, you know, I'm thinking of Aaron like that shiny object syndrome is the root cause of a porn addiction. Huge, right. You know, and, and caused people to cheat on their marriage causes them to go to a new church every six months, my wife and I had that for a while. Right? It's like you think about that is like, I think shiny object syndrome is part of the human condition. And it's gotten so much worse with technology, because now you have so many options, trying to get your attention constantly.

[610:39] Heidi Jeremenko: Right? Yeah, there's too many things.

[611:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, let's I was I was I was texting my pastor this morning. About this, I was like, you know, I had a little like, many, many argument with my wife. And it's funny is she told me she's like, all right. If you want to talk about anything like with our marriage with our with our pastor, you totally can like, okay, cool. Now I got that permission. And I feel very safe with that, because I've never felt safe with pastors to do that. Because that's been abused for so long. For me. I got stories, I can tell you, this isn't the time in place for him. But like, so I've known these guys, these pastors that we have for like years, and I've not opened up with them at all about anything about my marriage. And now I'm like, You know what, I think it's okay to do. So. As I started just texting him, and he's already helped me like this morning. And now I'm like, wow, I can see how that could ripple down into helping my clients. You know, what was the what was the what was the situation I forget, I forget exactly what it was. Basically, it was that. So I have some sales copy, I need to write but she was struggling with something. And I was like, she was like, I need you to go write the sales copy and like, Yeah, but I want to help you with this right here. And then she's like, No, like, I need you to go write the sales copy because then we got to do this later on. And I was like, it was like this, like, I wanted to serve and help her and she wanted me to go work. And we had that going on. Right? Which is so funny, because it's like the opposite in some people's relationships. Right? We're like the man is like a working Selma or the woman man. I thought gender seven My mom even was kind of like that grown up. They're like married to their business and the spouse just like wishes, they had some support, right? I never wanted my wife to experience that.

[643:59] Speaker 0: But then I swung way too far to the other side is what's happened. And I'm actually I'm like, as our business grows, like, my wife is like, no, like, go make another million dollars. And then we can hire three more people. That's what she's saying, you know, that's, those are the conversations we're having. Don't make another million bucks. And now we can take on three more salaries for the stuff that that that that we're that we're having to do.

[651:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, and so it's like, that's I agree. 100%. And, by the way, we had even some resistance around that. Because a couple years ago, in our marriage, she was like, you don't need to hire people to do this stuff. You and I just need to get it get get going with it. Right. And now the conversation has changed. And so like, again, a brand. The human conditions is the crazy thing. And none of us are perfect. But we can all grow when we have a growth mindset and realize how we are today does not have to be how we always will be moving forward. I think that's a powerful lesson. I've actually let me take let me take Aaron's question here, and then I'll share that. Heidi, actually don't even answer your question.

[666:05] Heidi Jeremenko: Yeah, it did. I mean, like I said, it's kind of a personal preference. What works and

[667:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's personal preference. Exactly. Exactly. Um, yeah. Tickets. I got so much like, stirring up inside me about some of this stuff right now. Darren, what's going on?

[671:48] Speaker 3: Yeah, all I was gonna say is with in regards to software, but you've got driven or written there behind you made a huge impact on me. Yeah. Because I've been looking for the best, cheapest. And it's not easy. Yeah. And I don't know how many people will come to me that knew I was gonna do this. Hey, how's it going? I'm like, Dude, you have no idea how I had no idea how hard this is. Yeah. And I've been like, so I'm working on something. It's not easy. I give up and run to the next thing, because maybe this is better, right? Yeah. It's not so much the shiny thing. It's just, it's not easy. And I'm Yeah, yeah,

[681:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally. And then like if it's easy, but it's like, it's easy. And it's the interesting. Even easy, and the cheapest is almost like not necessarily because there is best and easy. Easy and cheapest is more middle of the road.

[687:56] Speaker 3: Well, or like you said earlier, it's they're selling you something that isn't real. Oh, yeah.

[689:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's usually it's

[690:01] Heidi Jeremenko: yeah, this is also open to interpretation. Somebody's going Wow. $97 isn't bad versus Oh, no, I want the $20 wine. Cheapest is

[693:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: always going to be hard. Right? The cheaper it is, the harder it is to learn. But there's middle of the road software's like Stan store, right. Pretty easy, but it's not free. Squarespace it's very easy to create like landing pages do they do they have like a landing page builder and stuff and sands store too?

[700:40] Heidi Jeremenko: They do. You can go ahead and change like your colors if you want yeah, there's all sorts of stuff. I'm still figuring out all this stuff in it. We

[703:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a really really cool course in the in the members area that that I it falls under one of those like essentials category because I just keep telling everybody to go to it. It's called landing page blueprint. And it's independent of any software that you're going to use. So it'll work for WordPress, Stan store, Wix Squarespace, all of that. It's a blueprint of the structure for your landing page from what goes at the top. Where do you put your headline? Where do you put the text and all that it's not necessarily a copywriting training because there's a difference between that. So landing page blueprint is more about the scaffolding and the architecture of a landing page. How do you architect a good landing page? But it's not necessarily going to tell you like how to pick the flooring? That's more like copywriting. copywriting is more about like, like making that be what emotionally drives people right? Because like, you could build a home with the same blueprints. But it could have completely different Um, fixtures so copywriting is more like the fixtures it's like the the the location what but but then landing page blueprint that's why I call any page blueprint. It's the blueprint it's still the same the walls are in the same place but the walls might say something different that in in Arkansas than they do in San Francisco California, right yeah, that's that's what I like in sales copy too is it's more of that emotional driver for for the decision maker. Because like for instance, you know, I got a lady, she's incredible. She's got incredible coaching program. But if she runs ads and doesn't know what she's doing, she sells haircare and she's gonna sell it trying to reach Aaron, over here. You know, Aaron's gonna see her ads for haircare. Right? And he'll be like, wait for a beard and say, Oh, no, we don't we don't do anything with bearded people. Right? And he's like, okay, like, then why do I see your ad? Why do I see your offer? Why do you keep trying to sell this to me? Right? Well, maybe your wife needs it. That's the wrong approach, right? or your kids or whatever instead, like, she would do better to like, create an offer that is specifically like maybe a gift package if she's trying to reach Aaron. But I wouldn't recommend that in the beginning until she's making millions of dollars to try to expand out to reach that type of a thing. That's where a lot of people think about it wrong in their marketing, as they're like, Oh, I'm gonna reach so and so through like their friend. And it's like, why can't you just go straight to so and so right here. The exception to that would be education for under 18 year olds, because advertising to people under 18. There's some restrictions around that. And it's harder to do, plus they don't necessarily have the money. So what you can do is, and we've done this, because I marketed for a college and for a school. And so I said your marketing to the parents and grandparents that are going to pay for it. But you also want to build awareness for the kids to possibly bring it to the parents, as far as that goes. And so like one of our clients, he he has an animation school for after school for fifth graders. And that's exactly what he did was he runs his ads. Basically, what he does is he shows his students work. That's his whole AD. He just shows his students work. And it just says, Have you ever wanted to get into the animation business? Or set yourself up for when you graduate? And what that does is it speaks to all of those different angles of maybe the kid who's thinking about that, or the parent that is. And so and that's what and so I found that to be really cool. We did something for a university as well. And I always told them, they're like, Oh, my, how many of y'all students? Are the kids paying for the the admission? They're like zero. I'm like, why are you y'all trying to market to the kids? And they're like, well, the kids bring it to the parents to do it. And I'm like, Yes, but how many of your students brought this to their parents to sign up for maybe 30%. So you're telling me that generally your school's enrollment came at the advice of a parent or grandparent. And you're not marketing to them at all. And they didn't, their student enrollment went up by 35%. And in one quarter, just by shifting their messaging towards the parents and grandparents and away from the students. The messaging still was for the student because what we designed it was was for the parent and grandparent to show it to their student.

[780:41] Speaker 0: But it spoke to the parent and grandparent and I wrote a script. And I actually did the audio voiceover and we had a whole professional team do all this. For them, I would say because they were a prestigious university that had like 70 years of this, the bigger reputation maybe the higher quality of ad does work as far as that goes. For most of us starting out, you're going to do better with your ad just using a cell phone.

[787:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, put on a nice shirt, do your hair, put on a hat, whatever. And to have a nice backdrop behind you. And I do all my ads from different locations around my house and neighborhood. And but I'm saying like the same stuff. I might be playing with my son I might be standing by the pool. I might be walking around my neighborhood things like that. But I'll say the same thing. Hey, what's up if you've been if you've been trying to grow your coaching business been struggling? I get it. It's hard. Tech stuff's overwhelming. And, gosh, dealing with haters online, you don't want to ruin your reputation and look look bad to people. Well, guess what? I'm going to show you the best way to do this that works and like that's an ad that I can He uses a script like that, right? So we did that with the cell phone. But but the but I did this ad and we did this script, and it was like this whole, you know, do you have a burning desire inside of you to just do something greater with your life than what you've always done. And generally, a lot of their students we found came from that was their story, they didn't have a direction for where they wanted to go. It was those kids that said, I don't know what I want to do. But I'm just gonna go to college and figure it out. Right. And so we talked about that. This is where and the second line was this word dreams, find direction, and clarity comes to create a life that you could have only imagined. And I remember that script. I remember meeting students that came because they saw that video. And parents that said that their kids lives were changed for the better because of that. And it impacted me so much. Because this college, they had a decline in student enrollments for 10 straight years and couldn't figure out why. Well, 10 years ago, the head of the founder, passed away 10 years ago. And the the, the the guy who ran the school was the son of the founder. And the vision changed. And so I told them grab onto the the vision that this was founded on. And they were actually very resistant to it. You want to know why? Because of the risks of all the things that people said about what the founders did wrong for years. Because everything was built on animosity towards what the founders did wrong. I told them, yeah, but you guys have a job today because they did something right. I said, Can you lean into that? And they're like, yeah, and some people told me, No, we cannot and they quit. And they told me, We cannot we like we are here to do something better than what they did. And I remember those meetings, I remember, it was pretty interesting, like the amount of anger that even was thrown at me for suggesting to go back to the old way of doing things. Because they wanted to do better than the old guard had done. And I said, Listen, we're not really playing that old guard. But can I tell you this, that message, I found their old I went into their archives, because they archived everything, I found their marketing message when they had their highest student enrollment. And you want to know what the headline was? Do you feel a burning desire inside you where the dreams find direction, the exact line that we had used in the ad, and I borrowed that and we spent we use it and it was crazy, because I was like, literally just use the thing that got the people 10 years ago. And like it was like I had to have a board meeting and everything and they were against it. And they were just like, Jeremiah, you're trying to destroy the reputation of this prestigious organ. Like literally, I had some people like walk out and accuse me of trying to destroy what they had built. But their student enrollment went up by 35%, six months later than I remember the director at the time came to me and he said, I've worked with a lot of people in marketing, Jeremiah, he told me this, I remember this in the last 10 years, and you've had the most impact of anybody I've ever met, on this on this place, when it comes to enrollments goes. He's like so you did something right. I know a lot of people here don't agree with your methods. But you know what it is it did what we needed to do to keep the doors open.

[859:18] Speaker 0: And so that was an interesting scenario, because a lot of people that were on staff were disagreeing. It was very political. It was very, a lot of factions and people disagreed. It was over 500 people on staff and like 35% of the staff disagreed with all the stuff I was telling them, they had to do. And I was in charge of all the marketing that came out of every department. This was in this was in 2018 and 2018 to 2020 Sadly COVID-19 hit.

[867:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And they had to lay off 75% of their staff that year. Part of it is because I kept telling them y'all need to bring all this online and they were they were dragging their feet on the online stuff. So because they were only doing stuff in person, but I look back at that what they're doing today. They are literally using the blueprint that I had laid out for them back then they're using it. Exactly. And I think that's cool. I love seeing that legacy and that impact. And these methods that even if they gosh, they rub people the wrong way people don't like them things like that, whatever. They work now at the same time I'm not asking any of y'all to to sacrifice your reputation or do anything that feels inauthentic to you. It's different when you're in a corporate environment right Because a corporate environment is a it's a, it's an organism, it's not a single person. So I had 50% of the staff were all on board with what I wanted to do. But there was a very mo vocal minority of the organism that was 25%. That was very much against it. And they were way more vocal than the ones who are in support. And so like, but in the organism, and then there was like, 25%, that were indifferent. So basically, 50% of the organization were really on board and 25%, were not. And so that's why we were able to kind of get it working. So even from that example, and I remember the, when they had to, like, end my contract, they told me, Jeremiah, I just want you to know, like, there might be people that disagree with you, but you, you didn't do anything wrong here. In fact, you you were one of the biggest blessings we've ever had. And so I was like, Okay, I had to go through a lot of healing from that though, with my therapist, because I my abandonment issues I was dealing with at the time, and my people pleasing were on like rapid fire every day, I would be in these meetings with people or they were like, they were cussing me out. For like, telling them to change your sales copy. Because of, and like the amount of mental gymnastics that they went through as to why they couldn't use a word in a sales letter. I'm just like, I see your point. However, I don't think that matters. You know, um, and it was great. It was a lot of the stuff that I teach as a great, there's another great story right there, that I that I'm gonna start sharing more of the stories, I think, too, they're starting to come out of me, there's a lot of my I've had a lot of like, really traumatic stories, and that was one of them. It was very traumatic, a lot of it. But now that I've come on the other side of it, the healing, I have incredible lessons from them, too. It's very hard to, to have goals and to have like people calling you every day cussing you out telling you that you're terrible, inside of inside of a university setting. And I, my wife was just like you did nothing wrong, don't take that person's phone call, send them an email six hours later, and tell them if they want to talk, they can schedule a time with you, along with the director. That's, that was what we sat down, I would not sit down with these people without the director present. And it's funny, their tone changed when the director was around. Right. So but a lot of them also quit when the director was around to it was funny. They're like, well, if you're gonna side with him, then I quit. And the director is like, great. See the person like but I've been here 20 years. Okay, that might be our problem. And that's the thing, I don't go in here ever to like hope that people quit or organizations like that stuff happens. But like, sometimes you got to clean house. When it comes to in a corporate setting like that, some a lot of coaches, great good coaches and mentors are coming out of corporate America into their coaching too. And I'll tell you this, your coaching community even can become a little bit political, you'll have different threads have some of that going on inside of your community, especially once you have, like 3000 people like my mom has had. She had to kick a few people. And she publicly says that she had to kick, kick a few people out of her program, because of what was sad and what they were doing. And just the disruption that was coming, you know what I mean? So I made a decision of this you don't and that's something I'll tell you all when it comes to boundaries. My My thing is, is this as as most people really aren't going to hurt you. And I've learned that, like they're not going to hurt you at all. There is a small minority that's crazy. And like they like you know, they might punch you, but it's probably you probably might have deserved it too. I'll tell you this, anytime that happened, I probably did deserve it in some ways, anyway. Because I was tricked. But anyway, I'm not gonna I'm not going to touch on that because there's times where that's not doesn't matter. But if somebody's been disruptive, on a coaching call on a live training on a mastermind or something like that, and they're repeatedly disruptive. I've blocked certain people's credit cards from joining me on these VIP calls and q&a is even and I blocked their email address in my mail software. This happened about a year ago I had this I had this I'm sure she's a wonderful lady, but she showed up on every call with like, she must have been using chat GPT to like come up with like the greatest like, trying to catch me statement to try to get me triggered to prove to her Why I'm not the worst person in the world. And I'm just like, I this half the time, I would just say I disagree with what, like your assessment of that. So, and then she'll be like, Well, do you want to debate it and unpack it? And I'm like, No, not really. And I finally like, got to that point. And I finally was like, she started sending like, 10 Paragraph messages to me, and then I couldn't, I was having trouble sleeping because of some of the stuff. So I'm just like, I'm, I'm not allowing her to come on these calls. She wrote in when I blocked her. She might be watching this video. That's fine. Ah, her accusation was Jeremiah, you're just like all those other pompous men that get off on silencing women's opinions. And I'm just like, and she's like, in the fact that I'm a minority minority makes you a racist. And in my country, that's a crime that we can lock you up for. So hate crime. And I sit and I and she's, she's from the UK. And I then I told her, I was like,

[977:00] Speaker 0: I actually didn't tell her anything. I just deleted the email. But in my head, I'm like, gosh, I don't even need to respond to that. That's some crazy mental gymnastics. So like, that's why do I say all these negativity things. Some people are like coaching, it's all positive. All that, I'll tell you. My clients come in our accelerator, and then they're like, Okay, I ran my ads the first time. And people were really nasty. To me, they were really mean, they were harsh. They were hard to talk to him. And one lady was like, I wanted to quit for six months, because of what one person said to me on a live webinar.

[986:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I found is the coaching and mentoring industry will challenge all of your belief systems. It'll challenge everything you believe about yourself about other people. And it will require you to grow into a new version of yourself. It'll require you to grow into the best version of yourself kind of like kids do. When they throw temper tantrums and things like that, right. And I realized this, by the way, when when, when a potential client or a prospect does that. Psychologically, that actually is kind of the same thing as a child throwing a temper tantrum, it's just a generally, inner child type of thing going on. Now, it's funny when I say that I always have people say, Yeah, but what if they've been abused? Yeah, but what if maybe you did something wrong, and you're the narcissist that doesn't realize it? And I've come to the conclusion that I don't, I don't need to really, like, figure that out. And that it's okay to like, say, No, you don't need to be here. I don't need to serve you. I don't need to do this. I've seen I would say, I've seen Dr. Phil do that before, where he'll be like, we're done with this conversation on TV. You know, and it's like, okay, like, even Dr. Phil like, he'll, he'll, he'll weather it. And then you'll have all these critics deciding on social media, whether he was justified or not for telling that but you know what I'm saying, right? We get to live we live in a crazy world that like tries to, like, cancel everybody for all their opinions and all that. I'll say this love people have integrity, be honest, and have boundaries. I grew up where it was taught that boundaries were a bad thing. So that's, that's what I had to learn. So, yeah, well, somebody without boundaries will be more abusive and abuse others more. That's what I found. They will be hurt more, they will get abused more, and they will possibly hurt others more. Because they expect everybody else to not have boundaries, too. So boundaries are super helpful. Yep. No, is a complete sentence. That's one of my wife's favorite word ones, too. It's one of her favorites. She she tells me that all the time. I'm like, Yeah, but this person wrote me and oh, gosh, I had somebody get angry at me because I didn't reply to their direct message within five hours. And I'm just like, I don't do that. And my wife was like, you don't even need to reply to them. Like, like, you don't owe somebody an explanation as to why you did something. Now, here's the thing. There is a side note to that if you promise to do something, and you don't do it, and now it becomes repeated. That starts to become a lack of trust that starts being eroded. If I have a client that I promised to show up at a specific time, and I'm not or I promised to get him sales copy at a specific time. So that's where we also need to learn to be powerful communicators. And I had to learn that because I was alright I'll, I'll be the first to admit that I was the guy who would say, oh, yeah, I'll get it done. And then it was never

[1042:36] Speaker 0: like, a week or two later. And then I just felt so bad. And so I finally like learn like stop agreeing to everything. Stop saying yes to everything, stop being a Yes, man be willing to say no, it's not rude to say no, because you're also setting expectation better, right? As a coach, we need to do that. As coaches and mentors, we need to do that.

[1048:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: If somebody comes to you and says, Jared comes to me and says, Jeremiah, I can't learn from you. If you don't answer my direct messages within 24 hours, I have no respect for people that don't give immediate responses. By the way, I had somebody tell me this. They wrote me and said this, and that was the reason for leaving the program and saying they don't trust me. And then they went into this whole thing of like demonizing me, and it was crazy. But they were just like, I believe that if you actually cared about us, you would answer private messages within 24 hours, because that's what a true coach does. And I said, Well, that, you know, that's not what I've decided for my business. And quite frankly, the I don't want the life that those coaches have that do that. I have a different life that I've designed for myself. And so part of it is just owning the life you're designing. That's what it is. It's why we talked about this on day one. Pick up our dorm or Matt not be a doormat, exactly. I mentioned this on day one, you got to have a vision for the life that you want to have. Because all your decisions come from that place. The only reason why I have boundaries is for the life that I want to have. That's what it is really. Because the life that I am designing for myself. And I've heard it I've heard it taught well, we have boundaries to teach people how to respect us, we have to demonstrate our own self respect to show them how love and connection can happen. Yes, there's 1001 Instagram quotes about boundaries that you can come up with, I'm sure Dr. Henry Cloud has posted all of them.

[1076:13] Speaker 0: You know, and I actually spent two years in Dr. Henry clouds, mentorship program, learning boundaries, I went through every course he had, because I couldn't do it myself. I actually got kicked out of there. I got kicked out of Henry clouds mentorship program.

[1081:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's another story. Some of the members

[1082:57] Speaker 0: told me that they did not like that I was a coach in there. And I kept sharing all the lessons that I was learning in the group. Like every day, I would make like three or four posts with all the lessons I was learning. And some of the ladies, they went through my podcast, and I had one line and like an old podcast where I said, a way you could find clients is go into Facebook groups and make posts about stuff you're learning. Well, I wasn't using it for that purpose in that group. But she grabbed the quote, sent it to the admin and said, This guy is trying to steal victims and abused people and trying to and I'm like, literally, I'd never did that. And they're like, I'm sorry, but we got to ask you to leave the program, because people don't feel safe that you're in here. And so it was crazy. Because I was like I was like so gung ho, I was learning all the lessons from Dr. Henry Cloud, I probably could have like, become certified in his program. I felt like so like I knew all this stuff, right. And I was making all these posts, and my my posts in his Facebook group had like, hundreds of comments on them.

[1100:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Of like positive engagement, but there was like, there were these two ladies in there. And they they they created this like, masterminded thing that they accused me of. And the risk of if I was doing that was so great. They had to remove me. And so it wasn't something I was actually doing. But they believed that I was because my behavior fit the pattern of somebody that would do that is what they felt. And now I've actually realized that that that it is respectful to a group to maybe not make more than if it's not your group to not post maybe more than like once or twice a week. If you have content to share that's relevant. And make it like about the discussion that the leader is talking about versus something that's off topic. Like I actually talk like I had a client join the accelerator a while back and he kept making posts in there like every day about lessons he was learning from us and I finally like muted him. I'm like, Hey, could you just back off on some of the posts First off, they're a little distracting to some of the members because they're not about what we're actually talking about. Right. And sometimes it doesn't look good either. And he was so teachable and amazing. And now, you know, he's, he's great. He's one of my favorite members in the group, because he was willing to learn that. But I was also willing to I also learned that hard lesson by realizing, Oh, wow, there are actually people that go into groups like that, and they're trying to find that's a, it's a very predatory practice to do you know what I mean? To go into like a space of PTSD survivors and like, create content, and then try to get them to become clients of yours. That's, that's nasty stuff. I would not encourage that at all, ever. People do that in churches all the time to let's go out to coffee. And then they backbite about the pastor, and now they're starting their own church on the side, at the church I grew up in started that way. Yeah, I'm thinking back about that, because it was a split based on a disagreement of a family that moved from California. And then they started their church. And my family went with them. Because they, we they disagreed with the main leadership, and how it's a human condition. I got this amazing book on Audible that taught me so much about that, that I think is so crazy for coaching communities, and it has nothing to do with coaching. And yet, there's such parallels to our like, the way that communities and stuff work. It's called It's the history of political order, is what it is. And it talks about how like, the parallels of monkeys to humans and political order, and how basically, monkeys are a pure tribal order. Because they've never elevated themselves to like that of organizations of like nations, and states and all that and things like that. But it talks about how, like in organizations that as they grow, they get too big, and they have to split the organism has to split, basically, is what it is. And the split is usually because of violence of some kind. And so then what states do is they create laws that allow the organization to grow bigger, because the laws govern, I thought was very interesting. It was a very interesting discussion about like, human history, and how like we went from like tribes to like how now we have nations. And all of that, and the stuff that we hate about politics, how it's actually literally ingrained in our psychology. It was a Craziest thing. What's up, Darren, how are you? Still

[1162:36] Speaker 3: doing good? Hey, I noticed we're getting close to coming up here to an hour, wondering if you can quickly go through that. If someone were to sign up for your accelerator program, what would they expect? Like they join this group? What What would they expect to experience? What's the process? Like? I know, you said you don't do personal calls, or I don't know if you do like you are part of the group training or how that works. Oh, yeah,

[1169:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I you know, I don't talk about that that much. And it's not because I'm trying to hide it. I'm the one that is doing all the content. So we don't have anybody else that's coaching in there. It's just me. Right now, we have other coach, but it is a lot of other coaches. So they naturally, as a community will offer like advice. And if I'm like, It's not good advice, I'll usually come in and like, guide the conversation in the Facebook group. But nine times out of 10. Like a lot of the members also have really good ideas and stuff too, which is cool. And so again, the way that it works is like we meet on Monday, we have a live call just like this. And we do an alternating week. Let's say that this is four weeks in a row, so I will do a training. And this is usually about 60 minutes long. It's a live training to the group. And it's really just for that week. It's kind of like the state of the group where everybody's at based on all the questions that have been coming in. And I spend time the night before that kind of planning what I'm going to be sharing, and then we take q&a after that for about for about an hour. Right here. The next week is just q&a. That's it. And we'll answer your questions from people. We've never had it where like, maybe if somebody was on the call, and then they like ask their question like by the time we were done, then we weren't able to get to their question. But like based on like, who raises their hand like everybody's able to get their question answered and because it's a group setting. So this is the psychological benefit of group coaching that most people don't realize and they think it's a negative. Initially. A lot of coaches and mentors think it's a negative is the fact that there's not that one on one FaceTime. If you do it right, the group most Have the people all have the same questions together? And so in the q&a time, somebody's question is generally the answer that like 10 Other members had. And it builds from there. And we're able to do that. And we're able to compound that. So then this q&a time, I'll generally go for like, one to two hours, depending on how many questions there are. And like this Monday, I actually have to cut it short to an hour and a half, because we have to go somewhere. So the q&a calls only to be an hour and a half, like last week, it was like two hours, where it was just taking questions. One of the things I tell people is like, don't feel like you have to be on every call, you have to be like, at each one of these, because everything is recorded. And the value is so valuable from the recordings. And you also don't even necessarily, like if you're like, Okay, it's just too much to like, watch through, I've had people tell me stop posting q&a calls, it's just too much, I can't attend them. And I'm like, I'm not going to do that. So realize that, like, you don't have to be on every call, that's okay, you can be on the ones that work best for you. I'm not sitting there, like holding an attendance sheet, making sure that you're there, and then I'm gonna, like, punish you for coming and like slap your hand. For some reason, I think people think that that's how it works is that like, I'm gonna like punish them for not showing up. I say this, people who do attend all the calls, get the most out of the program, the fastest. But that's their choice to do. So then like the next week after that, it's it's another training plus q&a. And then the week after that, it's q&a. And we just do that each week, we have an archive of that. So there's that that's going on. That's the overarching coaching. Once a month, we also hosted a copywriting and an advertisement review landing page review, call where we're like we're reviewing your funnel and landing pages. Side note to that, we can still review your funnel and landing pages on any of these days. It's just a dedicated time for that, because a lot of people I found they were benefiting from me having a dedicated time. One of the problems with that, that I found is that some people then weren't bringing me their landing pages over here, because they thought they had to be on that call. And then they got all upset because they couldn't, they couldn't make the call. And I'm just like, Okay, you can still bring it up over here, right? You can still do that. I've been working on learning how to communicate that better to people that like, and that I'm not like a hard nosed about what you have to can and can't ask, like at all. Like, I'm not like, hyper structured that way when it comes to the what questions you can bring to me. So there's that that's the live interaction, then also, there's the Facebook group. And that's where you can get like immediate answers. So I'm in there, you post a question. If you don't know how to ask the question that's great for chat, GBT, you can have it help you formulate the question even. Or if you're like, I just don't know what to ask. You could literally post I don't know what to ask, but this is what I'm dealing with. And then we can dialogue in the chat in the Facebook group about that in the in the comments in the Facebook group. And so I'm in there responding usually every day to people with the exception of if somebody wants me to review their landing page, or sales copy, I do that usually twice a week. Just because the mental, the mindset to answer like, hey, how do I do this versus sales copy is different.

[1257:15] Speaker 0: I've actually lost members, because I've told them that they're like, they don't understand why I have a mindset that works one day and doesn't the other. If you if you understand how like, the human brain works, it does make sense.

[1260:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because like some days, I'm able to really do sales copy, and I knock it all out in one day for everybody. But if it's like, hey, like, you know, how do I post on Instagram? What's the best platform for streaming or things like that? Like, I'll usually answer those right away. And then we have the courses. Okay, so there's, like I said, there were, we're categorizing them out right now based on being essentials and then being a vault. And the vault doesn't make them any less valuable. It's just the fact that we have 49 courses. Now. You don't need to go through 49 courses to be successful. We have essential ones that I think everybody should go through to get you started. That's what the Jumpstart call is all about. It's kind of navigating this, we're gonna we'll send you then we're gonna send you a PDF that we're that we're going to develop after the Jumpstart call to that tells you to kind of where to start. And that's the essentials courses. That's really anybody can just go through those and get like a full understanding of what they need to get done. If you're still stuck after the essentials courses, that's where then we dive into the vault. So like let's say you're like, gosh, I still don't know how to make a landing page. Okay. Great. What platform are you building it on? I'm building it on WordPress. Okay, great. We don't have a WordPress course. But there's a million videos on YouTube, you can learn how to use WordPress and I recommend you get off of WordPress. So if you want to use Squarespace or systemic IO, these are the those right there. And then landing page blueprint is all about the structure of the landing page, landing page blueprint that will be in the essentials courses. And somebody saying, Oh, I'm on Squarespace. Okay, great. We got the funnel building course on Squarespace. Okay, I got that up. Now, I don't know how to run ads. Okay, cool. Here's the Facebook ads course, which I would not put the Facebook ads course as an essentials. because of one reason, one reason only, if you don't have your landing page, there's nothing you can run an ad to. Effectively, they have these lead ads that you can run without a landing page, the quality of the leads is terrible. The tracking doesn't work very well. And for coaching and mentoring, lead ads might work for other business models. But for this business model, I would not recommend using them, the quality of the leads are so low. So having some sort of a landing page that captures their name and email address of some kind is good. I have a client though, like they actually don't even use an email capture, they use a little bit of a different function. They have a landing page, and it still has sales copy and all that but the button to register goes straight to a Facebook group. And then the first question in the Facebook group is what's your email address. So they're capturing the email address that way, and then they go in and they grab all those that way. That's another way to do it. So the courses, those are all recorded, we have the archive of them. Basically, anything that you're looking for is in there. And if it's not, we'll be adding it really soon. Creating new courses as well, based on any of the questions people are asking kind of like, how Netflix has new movies and stuff that come up. I'm creating two new courses every month. And so now some of the courses take me six weeks to go through. So a month is clearly not six weeks. How does that work? Well, I'm recording two courses each month. So they might not interlock with each other. So like right now I'm recording. I'm finishing the systemic IO one, I think I have one more lesson on that to finish. And then we started an ADS optimization course. And then the next week, I'm going to be starting a blueprint for how to run group coaching programs course. It's really like a definitive How do you run a group coaching program? How do you run like the group? How do you run the mentoring? How do you deal with question and answer time and all of that. I've been getting a lot of questions about that for the last six months from all of our members because they understand the marketing. But now they're like, I need to get better at the running my group because they really liked how we run things. I always mentioned this, what I do is a model for you to duplicate. And then fill in your topic into. And so with a combination of the community, the courses, the calls, and you can really use as much or as little as you want. It's not a like you have to attend every class and be there, gosh, that that's exhausting to me to even think about doing and yet for some reason, people still need to think they need to do that. And then they're like, I'm burnt out and overwhelmed. There's way too much to do. I'm like, take a deep breath. Take a week off, you know, it's okay. Sometimes just taking a week off is helpful. How many y'all know over the holidays? Like you got clarity? Sometimes after the holidays, right? That happens. And so what's interesting is I encourage people to add in like their own little holiday in between time throughout the year. To help clear the mind and to do that. Aaron, what's up Aaron? How are you?

[1343:56] Aaron Matthews: Hey, I was gonna ask. I'm also been thinking about and my boss has kind of tasked me with doing some continuing education training for other therapists and I'm wondering if some of the same principles would work for like promoting that on Facebook and some of those things even though it's it's slightly okay. Yeah.

[1350:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely 100% Would it does apply to that. I will say this though, I have had more of a challenge. translating this information for traditional therapist offices. Okay. With the one reason why what you're selling is so sensitive with people that some of my methods may be more aggressive than fit therapists even feel obligated to do with their clients. And so that's where if you are in therapy, you may need to possibly modify just a little bit of what I talked about to fit into that.

[1361:16] Aaron Matthews: Yeah, but this is this is more, getting a therapist to come for required training that there Oh, yeah.

[1363:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It works perfect. Yeah, it's about getting clients. It's like, No, I, so we had I had, I had like five or six therapists in there the last year and every single one of them, they were like, I legitimately, like, ethically can't do what you're teaching me. And I'm like, Okay. And they explained why, and I'm just like, okay, then you may need to, and then you may need to just modify that portion of it. You know, and part of it was, if, if you are doing therapy with people that have dealt with abuse, some of the methods may trigger what they experienced

[1376:47] Aaron Matthews: the feeling of power, they the feeling of

[1377:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, well, the Yeah, the, here's what one of them is okay. Because I told the lady this, I said, when you're selling, your goal is to build trust, to get people to take action, what does an abuser do? builds trust to get the person to take action, that alone, right there is intrinsic in sales. And so but I'm not encouraging you to abuse your clients at all. But if you're dealing with like sensitive nature of a certain type of clientele, it could possibly stir up a projection of like, the past trauma that they haven't healed through. And now you're re traumatizing the person simply by doing normal marketing. And so I understand that's what that was, what was explained to me by a few therapists is that like, okay, just simply, even the concept of building trust to sell them something is seen as predatory is seen as the same thing that they are coming out of. And so I said, Well, on the flip side, they some of them may be attracted to that, however, just just like, figure out what fits into that. Because here's the thing, though, you're never going to get a client without trust being built in some way. 100%, you want to know what helps build that trust your certification? Your client testimonials?

[1404:09] Speaker 0: Your referrals, right? So trust is built differently? Because here's what I do. A lot of what I teach people, is, it's how to build trust without any of those.

[1407:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you build trust without testimonials, certifications, or referrals? And then a lot of people that are like, they're in industries that require those I'm like, Okay, I could see how there's some. So I'm not against using referrals, certifications, or testimonials, I have a bunch of those. I think they benefit everybody. I think they build the legitimacy of what you're doing. But you don't need them. If you know how to and I say this, you're triggering the emotions through your presentation, so that when somebody sees your ad, they think, Whoa, this is what I've been looking for. This is what I've been praying for. That's what I've been hoping for everywhere. Now, on the flip side, better help does that with all their ads, right? Some therapists may think that better help is the devil, because they do that. I know that. And not all the therapists on BetterHelp are the best. I know, not all of them on talkspace. I think talkspace is even worse. talkspace is worse. I know that for a fact, I actually had some experience with that. So I actually had a very positive experiences with BetterHelp though, when I started my therapy journey, but then I had to go find a more specialized therapist that had dealt with religious trauma for me, and that does what's called up up parts work. Internal family system parts work there. So that's what I've done. And that's what I've realized. I was like, wow, like marketing is actually kind of like, the parts work type of a thing. You know. That's a whole other conversation. If anyone's interested in that, the book, no bad parts by Richard Swartz is really good. Darren, what's up Darren?

[1437:24] Speaker 3: Hey, just sorry, going back. You did a good job explaining what's in the course. And I got a feeling you're not gonna want to answer this one. But it In your experience, what would be the we'll go with the average so that I'm not holding you down to something that someone goes from scratch to up and running. What would that take? Are we talking? Six months? Two weeks? 10 years? I wouldn't I want to answer that. Well, you obviously don't want to give any guarantees that oh, you can be up and running in two weeks, or Oh, yeah, well,

[1445:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can't guarantee anything. Yeah, no,

[1445:37] Speaker 3: I don't want you to guarantee I'm just asking what the average what you would say the average person is to get up and running from scratch, the average

[1447:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: person, I think fits into different categories based on where they're at. And so I'm not going to like skirt around the issue, I'll I'll explain three different categories for people like I have like speedy, intermediate, and then like, still dragging their feet. They're still dragging their feet person, they can join a program like this, and they still aren't anywhere in a year. Right? Because they have not made their landing page, they have not decided on their niche, they have not, but they love my content. And they're growing. And they're doing that. So we do have some people that are in there, that I've not necessarily kicked out, because I do see the growth in them. But they're not making any money because they have not even developed anything. And it's not that it's too hard. Generally, what they tell me is I don't feel 100% on my ideas yet. So they don't feel 100% On which topic to market or to promote or things like that. And again, I go back to so you got to learn to make a decision. Fear Of Missing Out of opportunities is a big one that stops people. I do have one guy he was like, yeah, man, like I still get that. But like, I'm not sure if I'm good enough yet to like market this to people. I'm getting better at how I teach it and how I coach it. So I wouldn't say that's you, Darren? Right? Because I feel like you feel pretty confident in your sales methodologies. Yeah, yeah. So great. So you don't really fit into that category. So somebody who's where you are falls into two different categories, we got the we got the insanely just like goes through everything builds it really fast, gets it up and running. I had somebody in 30 days, go to six figures and do that I had a few people within 30 days do that from zero. But that is definitely not the norm. The norm is usually within 990 days to six months.

[1477:32] Speaker 0: For most people, because of how long it takes them to feel good about the stuff they're creating. So 90 days is if somebody is like consistent, and they're starting to do it, but they're like they're and so like for you, I would probably say about 90 days would be like a potential goal that I would shoot for. But it could take you six to nine months for this one reason is if you keep changing your mind, about what you're going to do, if you keep talking yourself out of launching something, right? So I have had that I've had a I've had a few people where they're like, Okay, I know what I need to do, but I still don't feel good enough yet about the marketing. So I'm gonna tweak the landing page, I'm gonna get that. And I'm like, I tell them all the time. I'm like, I mean, this was like politely, but that's not going to help you.

[1490:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I also understand that because I don't operate in the in an environment of control. So I'm not going to try to control somebody's decisions to do that or not. What I'm learning myself is how to help to facilitate shortening that length of time for people. I feel really confident. And this isn't just like a marketing statement. You know, there's some coaches, they like, they're very dismissive of their clients like, well, if they didn't get results, it's their fault. I'm not really, I don't really subscribe to that 100%. At the same time, if somebody does 100% decide to not build something, I have no control over that choice, right? Um, and here's the thing, are there things that I could do to maybe have helped that person more? Yes. And I don't do them. Because I have made a decision to not run my business that way. Because of the boundaries that I have, because the expectations that I have. So generally that person, if I became codependent with them, and met with them at their house every single day for the next six months, I guarantee you, they would be able to make six figures. Because I've done it before with people where I've literally done that I've met with them every single day at their house, and done that. And I tried that that's actually I'll tell you

[1513:30] Speaker 0: like, that's how I got my start for years as I was the guy I would meet with you every single day to help you do the thing. And that was my service. And I would basically we would be there collaborating and building together. Here's the thing, I don't have the time to do that anymore. Okay. So that's where teaching you maybe how to work with different service providers work within our community work within the tools and we're improving the tools to to make them better to make them more efficient to help people learn faster And so in that, yeah, 9090 days, six months, maybe nine months, since your since you're not having as much trouble deciding on what you're coaching on. But that's that's what I would say.

[1524:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hope that I hope again, though, I can't guarantee that at all. I literally can't like legally. Yeah, you know, like, like, legitimately could get my business.

[1526:55] Speaker 3: Give me some timelines, because that was Yeah,

[1527:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: but those are those are based on like, the different clients and I, and I'm starting to even find, like, even when I just told you is really cool, it's helping me right now. And when I don't think you realize I have not created segmentation for how long my clients are taking to get results. To really start to figure out, Okay, could I make a training for this type of client versus this one. So now going into 2024, and 2025, I have that that's, that's going on my roadmap for the program, is to figure out how we can serve different types of clients better. And to do that, and, and I know, one of the ways is that I want to even certify some of our members to where they could become coaches and coach in our program with our system. Because I'm only one person. But if we had that we a dream that I have is that we have like, certified members, and we have office hours that they're on like, two, three days a week, that you can just jump on live and ask questions. For me right now, being live to three days a week for office hours is not feasible.

[1549:12] Speaker 0: But that's what the Facebook group is kinda like the next best thing for that. So I did have somebody this last month, she was like, gosh, I just wish he had office hours, and I can be successful. And I'm just like, I don't like why I can get that from this program over here. And they have office hours around like Facebook ads, I'm like, great. I said, Go Go work with them. That's awesome. You know? She's like, Yeah, but they're, they're $15,000. I'm like, Well, I'm not $15,000. So there's probably a reason why that's that because

[1557:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, at the same time, I my one on one clients basically get a version of Office Hours with me through I give them the ability to text me message me and slack me. And I respond, usually same day to that the only group of people that I respond to DM is my one on one clients. And then I have a tier above one on one clients, where I call it my consulting tear. The word consulting kind of sells it short. It's where I build your business with you. And I have, I have three people that I'm doing that for right now. But even those people now, they do not get an immediate response time is still 24 hours. As far as that goes. So I used to like you call me and I pick up my phone. Well, that night, too. And in the morning, I got you right? No, not anymore. You got a meeting scheduled with your team you want me on and at this time, I will clear my whole calendar and be honest with you. Not anymore. I'll tell I tell those people now and they understand it. It's part of the boundaries kind of built that trust. I have a client that's been a consulting client of mine for five, six years now. And but the version of our relationship has shifted over that time. When I started with them, I was like on call like 24/7. Now, like, the ability to get me on the phone is very limited. But they know that because they see how my business has grown. But I haven't charged them more since then. So they're still getting the old rate that I have increased by like 15x what they're paying. So they like it, they're getting, they're getting a $2,000 a month level of of, whereas my consulting now is 30,000 a month as far as that goes. So I'm not giving them a $30,000 month package for two grand even though technically they signed up for the same thing they're signed up for kind of will keep your rate the same. But let's see if it works out this way better. And they love it. They think it's great. So I'm always there to talk about and figure out to how we can improve stuff for people. I love the feedback I get from my clients. We have a great lady in our program who she's had so much incredible feedback over the last like two months as to like how to help her learn better.

[1596:21] Speaker 0: And we have implemented about 80% of all those ideas that she has been like hey, can you do this to help me learn better? Quite literally. I think she's a genius when it comes to that stuff. And I think she is better are at it than I am. And and I can even send some her frustration. She's like, how does Jeremiah not know this stuff? He's so smart. He doesn't know this, right? And I'm like, that's her superpower right here. Where's Facebook ads is my superpower. So like, it's funny, we have like a mutual mutual thing. Like she's really knowledgeable about that stuff. Whereas I'm knowledgeable about the Facebook ads and all that. And it's really kind of cool as I love even learning from our clients.

[1607:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, learning the stuff that I could do better as far as that goes. So all right. Awesome. Yeah. Gosh, they teach you to conditional in traditional coaching, like, don't ever learn anything from your clients that erodes the trust and authority that you can build. And I'm just like, my best clients I've learned from, like my best client, that got the best results, I also learned from them. So again, there's boundaries on that, right? This client who has some great ideas about this, I'm not gonna apply all her ideas, I bring it to my team. Because now in a business my size, I have a team that I work with, I got like, my, my wife, she's not technically like, part of the business. But like, I'll have like a 15 minute conversation like, Hey, do you think we should implement this? And she's either like, she gives me the gut check response? Absolutely. Or you should think about that one. And she's like, Absolutely, I'm like, Alright, let's talk to the team about it. And then they're like, Absolutely, oh, my gosh, that's amazing. And then I started to like, we're going to implement it like next week, you know. So that's where that's what our goal is, I set for them. By the end of February, we're going to have the our members area is going to be overhauled when it comes to like organizing all the content, categorizing it better. So all the courses will be in categories. And then there'll be split up into like, here's the resource vault. Here's the essentials right there. I think to start, I should put that in a Google doc just so it's kind of an easy reference, you know? I'll talk to I'll talk to them about that right now. When I get off this call. Awesome. Thanks, everybody. This has been a great q&a time right here. I'll leave you all with this. I read a book, I read two books this month. And I referred them to this group and I can tell you that they have changed my life more than anything else. And this isn't where I tell you about Jesus Christ. No. It sounded like when people like I started reading the Bible, and now I do I love reading the Bible. But I don't use this too. Like as like an evangelism thing. I think that's kind of weird. If I did that Mindset by Carol Dweck. How many of y'all know that book? I know some people do. Some don't. The title is kind of boring, but I thought it was a silly title for so long. And I kept popping up on my radar to read. It was written in 2007. So it's not a new book. But it's the new psychology of success, how we can learn to fulfill our potential, parenting Business, School and relationships. And I thought about this, I was like, wow, there's a lot of parallels to that to coaching. So this book right here. It's not always people who start out the smartest, but those who end up the smartest. It's a psychology book about basically having a growth mindset versus a fixed mindset. Why waste time proving over and over again, how great you are when you could just be getting better. I thought that was great. I love these little Kindle highlights. By the way, if y'all want to find one liners on books, these are free for any book, believing that your qualities are carved into stone, the fixed mindset creates urgency to prove yourself over and over and over again. People with a growth mindset know that it takes time for potential to flower. Like those right there. We could like you could build a whole sermon or lesson or program around those three quotes from this book, but it's all about a growth mindset. It's all about having a growth mindset. And so it's a great book the other one it's a little bit of a I thought it was a little bit of a weird book. It's called the disease to please by Harriet breaker. And she wrote this in 2002 What's wrong with being a people pleaser plenty curing the people pleasing syndrome and she and this is the first book on people pleasing I read that likened it to an addiction to gambling addiction. Because it said basically it's like a slot machine. You don't win when you play when you people please you barely win, but you win just enough to keep you coming back and keep you doing it and And and sometimes it hurts and you lose all your money. But that pain is what also keeps you coming back because of the cycle of the emotion. And I was like, Oh my gosh, that just cured me of people pleasing it so, because

[1685:36] Speaker 0: I've actually I actually had a gambling addiction like 15 years ago too. And I broke it really easily by realizing that and so I was just like, I'm just gonna do this. And I used to, I used to smoke cigarettes like crazy, same thing.

[1690:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: At I was like, Okay, there's some, there's a lot of similarities to people pleasing. The whole idea of niceness avoiding confrontation. That a hurts us as coaches and prevents us from really showing up at our at our best. And so this book was really, really helpful for me on that. So do they have some of the highlights in here on this? It's funny, they don't seem to have the highlights unless they're like a really big book. So maybe on the Kindle app, they have some of them. That's fun. Anyways, yeah, those books are great. I thought they were incredible. And I recommended them to our group. And some of our members are like, I know what I've been doing wrong in my business now. And I'm like, exactly. It's if people pleasing is one of the biggest detriments to having a successful business, I believe. Because you want to build with excellence, you want to serve people you want to be of service, you want people to like you, you want to have a good reputation in the marketplace. But none of that is connected to people pleasing at all. At its core, people pleasing is set as really as sacrificing yourself. And like, really, it's not a sacrificing it's literally like killing yourself putting yourself on the altar, just to get people to like you. And, and it's not healthy at all. And yet, I know multiple ways that I do that in my marriage and my friendships and all that and have and that I'm growing through. So anyways, Alright, everybody, I will see y'all on Monday, if you jumped in the program, we'll see you there. Like I said, all you got to do is just try it for 30 days.

[1720:33] Speaker 0: There's no risk to that. And well, the risk, I guess would be that you like it a lot. And then you'd stay so but then that would be that'd be one of those good risks. So

[1723:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: there the risk is that you like it way too much. And now you're just like, this is the best thing I've ever been a part of. That's what happens with most people. What's up, Heidi? Um,

[1725:56] Heidi Jeremenko: and then to ask you, and I don't remember offhand, I was looking at the program. Do you do PayPal? The PayPal credit? Do you guys do that? Or is it just like your own personal credit card? Okay,

[1729:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: not just just a personal credit card. Yeah. Okay. We, we don't because of just I have had way too many issues with PayPal. Gotcha. That's just not something that I I feel okay with offering to everybody. It's one of those interesting things like for you. I'm like, I don't feel like a problem with it. But then if I offer it to you, then I got to offer it to everybody. thing, right. And then what ends up happening is that we run into the problems so that again, that's the same thing with boundaries. One of the issues of boundaries is when we make exceptions for certain people, and at this time, I may change my mind later. You know, I might I might look into that, but at this time, yeah, we're not offering PayPal or PayPal. Okay.

[1744:13] Heidi Jeremenko: Yeah, I just like using the PayPal credit card. I do too. I like it. It's like buying online. So I like

[1746:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: using PayPal credit too because you can pay it back in six months no interest, no

[1747:30] Heidi Jeremenko: interest and everything else.

[1748:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. But our monthly payment is no interest basically the 12 month so because that's the monthly payment is just the paid in full split into 12 payments, so Okay, and there's not any there's no upcharge on that. I don't charge more for the monthly so it's 6642 a month so really like it's it's kind of the same it's kind of a better deal at that at that sense. But ya know, I use that the other thing too is the benefits my business to use stripe because they offer us really attractive loans on our capital. And so they evaluate our business every six months, and they offer loans at really competitive rates. Okay. And so that's why I love also doing it that way too. So yeah. And then that helps us grow and even do stuff like that. So there's a lot of benefits for me not to take Pay Pal that haven't outweighed me taking it. I understand. I've lost a few clients because of it. And I'm just I'm just I even made the decision that I'm willing to even lose some potential clients because of that. So that's all. Alrighty, fair enough. Thank

[1769:12] Heidi Jeremenko: you. Yeah, yeah, definitely.

[1769:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. I will see y'all. Like I said on Monday, if you're in the program, and on Tuesday, we're doing another q&a Like this. Do another live q&a. So be great. See you there. Thank you. Bye bye.

