VIP OFFER - 5 DAY INTENSIVE
Date: 2024-01-30T22:28:11.000Z
Duration: 72 min
Otter ID: Cboae3d1ZHqexYI0ZRvHKfvOlbg
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All righty Yeah. This is gonna be great. This is gonna be amazing. Loving our VIP time. We're gonna go alive in the Facebook group again. And again, this is just going into our accelerator Facebook group

[7:24] Speaker 1: to share, rue. Go Live. All right. And then we're gonna let everybody in right now. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. All right, let everybody in.

[13:29] Speaker 0: Hello. Hello. Hello. Welcome back to our VIP, everybody. Thanks for joining us here today. I'm excited. We've spent two days together. This has been an amazing time. It's been an incredible time. And so I just want to kind of continue what we've been talking about here and take any of the questions that you might have, you know, I saw somebody they shared. They shared a story, they should have story, how they they invested millions of dollars with a coach, and they got scammed and they lost a bunch of money. And I hate hearing that. First off. I don't like hearing that from people. But that's a lot of people's experience with coaches and mentors. And so I mean, some of you might have even been scammed before, we got to talk about the tough stuff, too. I think a lot of people shy away from that, because they're like, I don't want to offend anybody or scare anybody away or whatever. Now we got to talk about the tough stuff. Like you know, I think about this, when it comes to like getting a six pack in the gym, right? Some of y'all might do personal training. It's tough to do the work. It's tough, there are tough stuff we got to work through to reach the kind of business that we want to. So all right, Jason's got his hand up. What's up, Jason? How are you?

[36:02] Speaker 2: I'm doing good. Um, I wouldn't say that. First off, the call today was really good. It would help bring a lot of couple things up for me, and help to kind of shed some light on some things. But I do have a question. Because when you're talking about the pricing, because I like I said yesterday, I'm dealing mainly with business owners, on one side business owners that are looking to sell their businesses, and also coaching businesses that have been in business for a long time that are doing like, you know, right? Doing big numbers. So for me, like, what are your thoughts on the pricing that you're talking about this for me, the pricing doesn't really seem to fit the market that I'm going after? Or maybe I'm thinking about it wrong. Because again, because again, because I'm going after the higher end of the market. So I like you know, I always like I'm always a little hesitant about putting things too low, just because again, no perceived value, and who you're speaking to your marketing.

[52:52] Speaker 0: Well, today, we're competing with YouTube, we're competing with AI, perplexity, chat GPT. And so perceived value, the value of information today, you know, two years ago was a lot more valuable than it is today. Just pure information wise, if that makes sense. So pure information, from my perspective isn't worth very much anymore today. Because what's worth more is actually getting people to take action on it. And that's where they're going to take the investment. And oftentimes, people got to know that you're actually legit in order to take action with you. Here's what I'm going to tell you this. Is that like, when we scaled with Rick Pitino to a million dollars a month, we were selling 10 and $30,000 packages. Okay, what are your what's your package price that you're selling to people, Jason?

[68:02] Speaker 2: So my package on selling to people is about and beyond the 4050 Plus, okay,

[69:28] Speaker 0: awesome. 40 to 50 plus? And are you doing any kind of a financing deal on that?

[71:48] Speaker 2: I'm not yet to tell me that I'm going to implement to like, you know, a six month, a three month and a 12 month.

[73:31] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'll say having like one option. Here's how I like to do financing is a 12 month in house financing. And then you could actually work with a financing partner and have a bank actually signed off on the loan. And so they can actually lower the payments. Basically, it's just like a car loan to where you sell the $40,000 package in like a 60 to 72 payment, a chunk and they and you get funded the whole 40k up front, and then the person is paying the payments on that. So when it comes to like pricing wise, especially if it's a business thing, you can even teach them, especially if you got like a little bit of like a credit part of it in there is they could figure out how to get access to credit. And then they could even make that investment with you. They might even be able to fund the credit themselves, and then use that to pay you for what it is. And that's how you actually teach people is that as you show them, basically how to how to be able to afford it, and why you're legit. And here's the thing, the higher the price point you have, I would say the more people need to need to trust you to buy it. Number one, um, because it's very easy. Like if somebody doesn't trust you, they'll still invest like seven bucks to listen to you. Right? But they have to really like know, am I going to get a return that's worth more than this $40,000 It's an investment. You know, I think about this, if we go and you buy shares in the company, real estate's another good example. How much does it cost generally to buy a house right now including clothes, including closing costs, in a city like Austin, Texas, here, I'll tell you, you need about 40,000 cash, you know, $40,000 Cash total to get into a house in this market. So people expect and understand that price point, they understand that. But they're only going to do so if the numbers make sense to them. Now, here's the part, that's the flip side of that. You want to know what actually makes the numbers make sense, has nothing to do with logic, it's 100% based on emotion, it's 100% based on how they feel about it, it's 100% based on them feeling like this is going to work for me. And unfortunately, that's why people get scammed so often. Because they feel like it makes sense. But it's not legit. Okay, so what I tell people to do, especially if you're somebody that has integrity, and you're honest, the strategies and techniques. And by the end, I'm gonna maybe take a slight pause here just for everybody that's been here of like, if you've ever been scammed before, it hurts, right? It's one of them, like you feel like somebody pulled the wool over you. You feel very stupid. Or you might even have self hatred, like a lot of dark thoughts about yourself even personally and anger at the person for doing this right. What I find happens more often than not with coaches is they're afraid of looking like that to the person that they're trying to sell to. So they're afraid of appearing like the person that scammed them. And so now the techniques that actually build trust and work they shy away from because they don't want to be perceived as the person that hurt them. But here's the thing, if you've got integrity, the tools are amoral, they don't have good, bad, evil or not associated with them. If you know what you're doing, if you're doing it right. If you're not doing it right and you plan on scamming people, then you're a scammer like, you know, and coffee Zilla should expose you, right? As far as that goes, like it is like, let's be real here. But like, at the same time, using the tools and techniques of building trust with people connecting with what drives them in their heart, that actually doesn't know any sort of price point. Because there's really no price attached to that. That's why even um, this is actually what motivates a lot of people to give a lot of money to nonprofits as well as because they are emotionally attached to what they are receiving from giving into a nonprofit. And I've done a lot of different work with nonprofits. And I've told them that it's a really difficult for me to do work with, I find a lot of like, Christian nonprofits, when they start bringing weird like religious beliefs into this process. And so that's something that I will challenge anybody who might be here who might have the same faith as me, as that you really I think, do need to separate in your mind, the idea of this is business, versus like, I'm trying to be Jesus to people, as far as this goes. And I had a conversation I was actually talking with a pastor about I talked with three different pastors about this this week. Because this came up in like conversation with somebody, as this person was like, you know, using emotion to get people to buy something goes against what Jesus would teach. And I'm like, I actually don't agree with that. Because I think that if the intention is to help somebody long term, we are doing them a disservice to not tap into the emotional drivers that get people to take action. So learning how to do that as a big key to this. So when it comes to price points, let's circle back around to your original question because that was all foundational. And that's a lot of what I'm gonna be talking about tomorrow to this is, if you, if you feel the confidence to sell something for $40,000 do so. That's amazing. Okay, there's a lot of people on here that they don't feel the confidence to sell something for $7. The strategies of how you sell are exactly the same. You connect with the person who's looking for the problem, you build trust with them, you tap into what really drives them emotionally, it taps into the part of the brain that makes decisions. And so the logic and the emotion have to align with each other. It has to make sense to both the thinking brain but it also has to feel right. Here's the part that I also find this challenging with coaches and mentors, what I'm talking about doing right here, doesn't feel very right to a lot of coaches and mentors, it feels off, it feels misaligned with their values, this idea of being able to tap into the emotions and get people to buy from you. And people don't want to like I said appear like a scammer that scammed them or things like that. And so I made a post the other day, I said the number one thing that stops people from making money in their business, is the worry and fear about what other people think about us and the fear of disappointing other people, and the fear of upsetting other people.

[184:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have to operate with a spirit of excellence, integrity and honesty. Yet, you will still have people that are disappointed. We can't manage other people's emotions. We can't step into codependency

[188:01] Speaker 0: we can't step into Okay, well, you bought this. And so now, I'm going to basically kill myself to make sure that you get a result. You know, that's something that that I am really passionate about. And I can touch on that a little bit more here. I could go off on like an hour long tangent on that if I wanted to. But I don't think right now is the right time for it. I did a podcast episode on that a year ago about the right and wrong way to build coaching and membership businesses that are not built around codependency that are not built around managing other people's emotions and feelings and desire and like you want to deliver the desire. But sometimes people have issues that they're working through. One of the problems that I see that's in the coaching industry, and I bet you can all attest to this is when a coach dismisses somebody, because they're struggling. Okay. So I think that that's a problem. I don't want to dismiss anybody who's struggling at all. I think that there's very real tangible reasons why I think one of the number one reasons is people just don't know how to articulate what their problem is. And they get very flustered trying to explain what's really going on. And so that's why what I love is even teaching my clients how to use AI to ask better questions. That's one of the things that I teach a lot of my clients in my coaching group is, let's say that I'm teaching you something and it's not resonating. You can use AI to help you ask a better question in the group. And then that helps me understand really where you're at. Let me give you an example of this. When I'm coaching somebody, somebody might come to me and say, well, the gosh, the Facebook Ads Manager is out to get me, it makes me feel so flustered, it just doesn't work, nothing works. And so I don't understand what they're seeing in front of them, it could be that they're just struggling to upload a video file. But they're explaining it from a place of the emotion of it's out to get me nothing's working. So as a coach and mentor, let me let me just ask you all this objectively? Am I a really crappy coach for not being able to read that person's mind? Some people actually think that I would be. There are some people that have what I call an unrealistic and unreasonable expectation that coaches and mentors should be able to read the minds of their clients. And there's some sort of woowoo black magic that they're able to spray over their clients and understand what's really going, I'm telling you like, the magic tricks don't work. The only way that I can know what my clients are dealing with is if they actually tell me. Now I'm getting the same problem from my other clients. Okay, and let me I'm gonna address this here real quick. I've been inside of certain, like spiritual circles, where it's like, you know, the Spirit will reveal to you the problem that the person has. And so the fact that quote, unquote, Holy Spirit hasn't told me the problem my client has means that maybe I'm not in alignment with God's will. And I'm like, I'm sorry, but that sounds very toxic to me. You know, I cannot operate in that realm of that level of toxicity where like, you're expecting people to read their mind and stuff like that. So what I teach people to do is to understand Listen, we might get flooded stirred by a problem. Let's learn to regulate our emotions. Take a step back calm, and then figure out how to ask better questions. And AI can be really helpful that to learn how to ask, I constantly am using AI to help me ask my wife better questions. I'm like, Hey, okay, my wife and I are talking about this topic right now. And she's not understanding it. This is what I mean. This is how she responded. Can you help me word this in a way to help her understand? And then I tell her I say, Hey, babe. So chat. GPT just helped me out. And this is what I mean. And she thinks it's great. She thinks it's awesome. And she's like, oh, you should have just said it that way. That's how she says it, right? It's like, my wife has a no, no BS does not beat around the bush type person. Um, and then she married me, who I've struggled with that my whole life. People pleasing, worried what people think about me all have that. And my wife like, literally, is the one of the most competent people that just does not really worry about what people think about them. She does have a very high standard of excellence though. So like, if like if people are dishonest, like you cannot talk to her ever again. You got one chance to break that trust with her as far as that goes. And I think that that's that that can be healthy, too. I think you know, if people are used to lying,

[262:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: can I tell you this people pleasing as a form of lying. If we're afraid of what people think about us, if we're, if we're trying to make people like us all the time, we're misrepresenting ourselves to get people to think things differently. That's what lying is. So misrepresentation, it's dishonesty, it's a lack of integrity. And so that's why more of being authentic, and learning how to be tactful, and shoot straight and ask things. That's what I love, again, about AI. It's such a powerful tool to help us communicate better. And so when I'm going to show you all even how to use it, the AI to get better at your sales pitches. I use the AI to help me with what I talked about during the main session all the time.

[273:48] Speaker 0: And then it even dives in. So I'll have a concept. I'll be like, Okay, I've said this three times people are struggling to understand it. How can I word this? What are three different ways three different examples and analogies that I could give to help my clients understand this hard concept. And so then the AI gives me an idea. And then I'm able to use those concepts to help coach people better. So it's pretty cool. It's awesome. All right. So Jason, for your pricing, I would say whatever pricing feels best for you run with that it'll work. If nobody buys from you, maybe try lowering it by like 25%. And see if people bite. Because I did that I launched a coaching program like two years ago for $15,000. And I got nobody that bought for me like twice when I put it out there. Now, last month, we had like four people that signed up at that price. So it's like, I got better at how I presented that to people. And I built trust better, and I qualified it better. So instead, I couldn't sell it for 14, but I got a bunch of people at 9000. So when I look at that, as you want to know what that difference is that between 9000 14,000. That's my skills gap between me two years ago, and now my skills gap is a $5,000 difference per client. As far as that goes, and now like we're talking about, we're probably going to raise that over to 25,000. So I think it's too cheap at 15. But that's also why I host these events here for free. That's why the VIP today was $23. And so maybe you don't do that maybe you might host an event for 500 bucks. And it might be like like a like a two day immersive atmosphere like this for $500. Right. And then you use that to sell people on your $40,000 package. So you're qualifying them for 500 bucks up front and then you can't have 500 bucks to register with you. They can't fit and I'll tell you this when it runs when it comes to running Facebook ads to a $500 offer. It's it's going to cost you about 2500 to $5,000 to get one sale at $500. So the economics of that can get a little bit squirrely right? Now if you're making $40,000 and generally on a $500 event in our experience, one in three you should be able to easily close 33% of everybody who buys that. Okay. So you might end up spending 7500 to $15,000 in advertising cost just to get one sale, but the economics of that is because you're charging $40,000 You're still making For a profit margin on top of that, so that's where there is some risk involved for you to do that. That's where what I like is a value ladder approach, where we might have a free ebook right here, right? Just gets people on our email list, then what we might do is we might have a $97 class. Or we might have a, a $27 class, or it might even be $7. And this will be like for you, as far as this goes, for me, I like you've been doing it for free. Even here, if we host a free class, the content will be the same at this level. So that's kinda like, what we're doing here. For this five day, I'm doing it for free, but I have a $27 VIP here. Okay. Depending on your price point of what you're selling on the top end, you can usually raise this price point more. And then what I like to do in the value ladder is this from this level, we go up to sell something that is between 500 to $2,000. I missed a zero to 2000. Okay, so what it is, is you use the free thing to sell something for 500 bucks. So the idea is you might go ebook free event, and then you sell them that $500 event, this might be a 60 minute, pre recorded webinar that you automate, that sells people on the $500 deal up here. If you do this approach, you want to know what's going to happen to your ad spend to get those $500 in sales, it's probably going to cost you $1,000 per sale. So it might only cost you 1000 bucks to get that 500 bucks. And when you dial it in more, you can actually make a profit on that 500 bucks to where it won't even cost you anything, you'll actually be making doubling and tripling your money on that. So that's where that that improves over time. We'll be talking about that here. If you if anybody wants me to break that down, I can have the ads cost comes down incrementally. One of the things that people don't realize is like it might cost you $1,000 Initially, to get this $500 sale, but you can you can dial that down with optimization to where it only costs you like 100 bucks to get a $500. So you can't, in my experience, just jump to it costing you $100. And I think that's where some people are like, really, they don't understand that is like why does it take a long time to do that. It's your training the AI algorithm of Facebook, based on the responses that you get from people. And so what it is, is their algorithm is going to show your stuff to better people. And that brings the cost down. And so generally, that actually takes a few times out there to do that. And that's why it drives the cost down. Then from here, for anybody who's in at 500 or $1,000. With you, you tell all you sell all those people on hopping on a sales call with you or one of your sales reps for the 40k package. And you offer either a 12 Pay option or a financing option. Or maybe they can save $5,000 By paying in full for 35 grand. And that's how you would price it at that point. And you would still use what we're talking about here today to sell something at that price point. Now some of y'all are like, gosh, I'm not selling anything for 40,000 just translate this to whatever your price point is. And it actually will will will start to work. It will start to come together for you as far as that goes. Okay, was that does that help Jason? Awesome. El Rey El Rey El Rey el re I forget how to pronounce your name. Can I bring you can I unmute you real quick?

[382:21] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's it's LRE a

[382:50] Speaker 0: couple of years ago with Mark Gerson. Yeah, good memory here. Yeah.

[384:21] Speaker 1: That was years ago. But yeah, it's Ellery. Awesome

[385:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ellery. Awesome. Very cool. So what you're doing let me see what you're saying right here. Um, I also am interested in what you recommend for pricing for monthly membership if it's not for individuals, but membership for a small nonprofit. Oh, I see 100k to a million dollar nonprofit membership. Working with major donors and fundraising. Okay, so you know, I'll tell you this, I've not had a lot of positive experience in like that particular space right there. So but I can tell you a few things based on what I do know right here is that what we do is we figure out where do the people that have the money congregate? And if we wanted to just break down the big picture marketing strategy, where do they exist? They exist on social media for me and for very coaching business. They exist around that generally, even who you're looking for a problem. Willie exists in some form on social media.

[401:05] Speaker 0: They're probably on at that level, they're probably definitely on x. Two on Twitter. And so the idea is this, especially again, million dollar. What's the membership fee that you're looking for? I guess sorry. Are you trying to sell a million dollar memberships? Are you trying to sell? Okay, that's a little different.

[409:37] Speaker 1: Let me under. Thanks very much. I was thinking.

[411:26] Speaker 0: Oops, you froze. Or you froze on me? I'm sorry. No worries, my bad.

[416:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're thinking monthly memberships? $300 a month. Okay. So again, I always work no worries I always work backwards from and I always look at what does that? What does $300 break down to in a year?

[423:10] Speaker 0: times 12? It's 3600. Yes, it's about about 3600 to $4,000 a client. So that would qualify as sort of a mid to high ticket offer of some kind. And so we reverse engineer we look at where do they congregate, the people who are going to make that investment? And then we want to think about what what do they what are they going to get for that? What are they going to get for that membership? What do they receive as part of that? And it could literally just be an emotion or an altruistic feeling of being involved in something. But there's still something that they're getting.

[434:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, so what I want to do is market it to the nonprofit like marketing team or development teams, and then give them tools and strategies around developing major donors. Okay,

[438:19] Speaker 0: so you're gonna be marketing something to nonprofit? Right?

[440:00] Speaker 1: Okay, because I see that as a gap. From what I've been from my experiences, like a lot of

[441:18] Speaker 0: me I was I was struggling to understand what you were you so I'm working on major donor donor fundraising strategy. Okay. Yeah. So I didn't understand the words you were using. Um, so really, it would be I guess, similar to even like, kind of the business model of how what I'm doing right here, but your niche would be with the nonprofits, right? Oh, yeah, that's a good way to think about it. Okay. So that's a way to think about it. As you gotta again, I think eBooks are a great lead magnet right here. They're low touch, people that are running these nonprofit marketing teams, they will easily grab an ebook that talks about top three like issues, pain points and struggles that nonprofits deal with with getting major donors. Okay. So that's a big part of it, is you're going to talk about that right there. Okay. Then, what you're going to do is, are now realize of the people who grab this ebook. Probably only, like 3% of them are ever going to become a member of yours. So 97% of the people, and that's for anybody that's here, when you do an ebook, less than it's like less than 3% usually ever convert on the on the top end. As far as that goes. So like we're using the ebook strategy for my mom's investment business. It's costing us about $2 to get one ebook download. And so out of that, if we only get two sales out of that, for every 100 people, that means that it's costing us $100 per sale. And then she has an offer with her membership, that's $177 a month or $1,000 for the year. So the so the ROI on that is still going to be 10 times the ad spend off of that. But what what bridges the gap from free eBook download to becoming a member. That's the that's the journey that we take them on. That's the journey of building trust with you and your tools and what you offer. And that journey, especially when it comes to nonprofits. That journey could take If yours was some of your potential clients, does that make sense? And so like they might opt in for something but then they don't buy your strategy and tool for a while. How do we shorten that time from like three years to maybe six months down to even maybe 30 days? Is you dial in and dial in and dial in? What is the emotional driver to their goal and what's the thing that's really stopping them from getting there? And what's preventing them from being able to get to where they want to be and you really demonstrate that you have the solution to that problem that they have so here's a great example of this?

[528:42] Speaker 0: Not sure what happened looks like everything shut down and kicked me off. Looks like it looks like it's still struggling a little bit. Can you hear me?

[533:39] Speaker 0: It's funny. My internet says that it's running just fine. But it keeps disconnecting on the Zoom call.

[535:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you hear me just fine. Okay. Yeah, Paul, apologies for that. You're not the beginning at the beginning of the session we we had the the stream was was blocked somebody so there's there's this thing that people do they fraudulently claim ownership of your audio, and music. And so even if you own license to it, they will claim that they do it so that they get licensing fees from the ads from Facebook. And so they claimed ownership of all the audio on my stream today. So I'm gonna probably not have any music on my countdown tomorrow. Or I'll find some different music and so I had to actually dispute it with them. So that happened. And now this is happening with our, our feed right here. You know, it's so interesting. In about a year and a half of hosting these live events. This is the first time I've had this much tech issues. So

[550:10] Speaker 0: all right, but y'all can hear me just fine now, right? Yeah, no, I'm I'm wired in everything. We have fiber here in our house. It's like two gigs. So

[553:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I got my cell phone as a backup. Okay, great example. Let's see what was i What was I saying? Particularly this is where I'm gonna go. I haven't I have a really fun tool that I use I'm gonna tell you all about called otter.ai. And it transcribes everything that I'm saying in a live zoom event like this. So what's cool is I'm able to Oh, it doesn't look like it's running.

[560:00] Speaker 0: drafts. Oh, well. Anybody remember what I was talking about here? When I when before it cut off the example I was gonna give you remember?

[564:47] Speaker 1: I think Jeremiah, the last thing that the last note that I had said was you were talking about building trust and speaking to their pain points. And you said a really great example of this is and then you kind of cut out.

[568:12] Speaker 0: Okay? Oh, yeah, yeah, that's what it is. Okay. So a really good example of it is, is that no matter what the price is, or whatever you're selling, and this applies to other well, and so really, you are selling a product to a nonprofit market, but you're still selling a business product. So it's not like a nonprofit type of a thing.

[574:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was thinking just an example, like Elon Musk selling robots to people that want assistance in their homes, I don't think he's going to struggle to sell those to people, even if there's a whole segment of the market that's terrified by them looking like the Terminator. Because there's a whole group of people that want to have that product as well. But because it speaks to a very specific pain point that people have people spend 40 to $100,000 on a car, two cars, because they need a car to get to work and back. And they don't want the pain of it breaking down by having a used car. And so people make decisions to buy stuff quickly. Eat like stuff, like people go to a car dealership and buy right away simply because they got a good feeling by the car salesman. You know what I'm saying? So with with that in mind, no matter what we're selling, if we can help people feel really, really, really good about the decision that they're making, and that it's going to produce the result that we're promising.

[592:23] Speaker 0: Then, if it answers their questions, and it's what's called, and I didn't come up with this, this is this is directly, pretty much stolen from a book that I read. And again, it would be unethical for me to say that I invented this, but I didn't, it's one of the best sales strategies on the planet, is. I'll tell you what the book is in just a second. But I want to tell you what the strategy is. You have to build trust, to a level 10 in you, your company, your product, the result that it's going to deliver. And the reason why people are going to make that investment with you is because they believe that it's going to get them the result that you're promising them. One of the mistakes that I see that a lot of coaches and mentors make, because some of this might sound really weird to some of you all that I'm talking about this, but this is the conversations I have in my group coaching group, the reason why people don't buy their coaching, I had a client recently, she had over 300 people register for a live training, two people showed up to listen to her and nobody bought. It's because it wasn't and I don't mean this to be harsh to her, it wasn't important enough for those people that make the time to be there to listen to her. They didn't trust that spending an hour of their time was going to get them the result that she promised.

[617:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I worked with her through let's figure out and dial that in deeper to really start to promise an outcome and a result to people as far as that goes that they can expect to get.

[621:05] Speaker 0: And so one of the one of the biggest mistakes a lot of people make is they're very vague. They're way too vague about what is going to happen after somebody becomes a client of theirs. After somebody buys into their membership, after somebody buys their course, or their coaching program, or things like that, and they're leaning in on just pure information, you're gonna learn how to do this, you're going to be able to do this. And so they're only tapping into the logic part of the brain, not the emotional part of the brain that actually makes the buying decision. I teach this all the time to people and yet I'll still have a lot of people telling me Jeremiah, I think you're wrong. Either just like I you know, I and they for whatever reason they have evidence in their life, that what I just said is not true. I would say I would say I totally cannot can respect that. I think in a number of different business models that and that may not be true. I think that there's a number of different business models where that isn't true. I think that as well. There's there there are certain UPS unions about business that would tell you to shy away from tapping into the emotional drivers for people to get them to buy from you. There are certain modes of thinking and teaching that doing that is unethical. That to tap into the emotional drivers is unethical to do I don't believe that it is. Because again, the ethics of this, for me points back to what is being delivered, are you actually delivering on what you say you're going to deliver? Can you actually deliver on that if you can't solve for that figure out how to do it better. Now, here's the part that confuses people, I encourage people to release what I call a beta test version of what they're offering, and an alpha release approach that's unfinished, that may not be complete, to get some clients to get some feedback and to get feedback from people on how to improve it and make it better. So if you're transparent with your clientele, that it is a beta test, and you're improving it over time. There's nothing unethical about doing that. If we look at in the software world, people release software all the time, that's a beta test, that might solve one problem, but they have a release schedule to plan out, like three or four iterations and versions and improvements. One of the mistakes I see a lot of people make is that they don't release their information until they have a complete package to put out there to people. And I think that this this, this comes from if you have ever been scammed by somebody before, that gave you an incomplete package, and they promised you the world, and it didn't do what they promised, you now hear what I just said, as me telling you to do that. And it's not, it's not the same thing. So not saying that you do but I'm talking to everybody else that's here, already as far as that goes. And so based on that your your goal is really to start to get people to trust you, your company, your product, the results that you guys deliver, and then you and then you learn, and then you you go at scale, and you start finding people with those problems and you start selling to them. And the idea of building trust and people around that, what we try to do is we try to remove anybody that's not a good fit right? As quickly as possible, and then keep building trust with the ones that are a good fit. The book that actually really breaks this down and I tell all of my clients in my group this, I'm cautious to tell people about this book, because the guy who wrote the book went to prison for fraud. He did, they made a movie about it, The Wolf of Wall Street. That's it right there. The way the wolf Darren knows it, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort, the straight line selling system. Again, if you want to defraud people, this is the blueprint to do so. If you want to deliver ethical, high integrity products to people, this is how you do so. And it's a very good system for that. He took it was like a it was a $2,000 course he was selling on his website, and he took the course and just turned it into a book. So that's what I love. It's a whole, like complete sales course, on how to do that. And particularly it leans in on phone sales, and one on one sales. So what I've done is I've developed something that we're gonna be teaching you on day four, and day five, where you can do the same thing with people at scale. Instead of getting on phone calls with people, you can do it live to a group of people, and how we do it with a group versus needing to get people one to one, I don't need to call people one to one to close the sale and do that type of a thing. Now based on the price point, you still may have to once the price goes above like 1520 30,000 people would like some kind of a personal touch phone call with at least a sales rep of some kind, probably. But you don't need to do sales calls for anything that's under $6,000 to general. Now, it's about the psychological breaking point when people need sales calls.

[705:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you do your if you dial in your marketing really well, if you dial in your sales process really well. And so hopefully Yeah, hopefully that was really helpful. And that's that's where again, this what I just like shared with you. That's foundational, I think for selling anything. How it translates could be a different because you got to how you're going to talk to nonprofits is different than how we might talk to stay at home moms that want to learn how to organize their house better. different language, different pain points, different problems. The core issues are very much though related to the same. You want to know what the core real drivers are. frustration that things are taking too long. They're too hard and they're usually overwhelmed by doing it on their own. So generally in the marketplace, what we're trying to do is we're trying to find overwhelmed people

[719:52] Speaker 0: that are willing to pay money to no longer be overwhelmed. And if somebody is not willing to pay money to no longer be overwhelmed, and they expect that money to deliver the result that you're promising. And when they pay you, you actually deliver that result, you break them past the overwhelm. You break them out of that worry that fear that frustration and things like that. Now, the sales process becomes very natural, very pure, very easy, very incredible. And this translates again, I'm sure some of you, you might be like people that might I hear it all the time from people. Jeremiah, what you're saying won't work for my business. I if there was like, if I had $1, for every time people say what you said, Jeremiah will not work for my industry. My clients are different, they're unique. Everybody that I meet says that they told me this, it will not work. And then that's where I I have still yet to have somebody who actually this doesn't work for. Now, here's where it might not work. And I'll give you this example. Actually, here's a great example. Just because you saw like when I was working with with Mark Gerson, we were trying to build up a membership for his trainings and stuff like that, we struggled to make it profitable, it wasn't very profitable. It's because how we were presenting it, I had told Mark about two months in this, I don't, I don't think you're gonna get people to buy this from you. I think you need to sell something different to them. And he was like, I don't really want to sell that. And I said, Okay, so I worked really hard to try to sell the thing that he was trying to sell. One thing that I recommend to people is like there comes a point where you do got to kind of go cut your losses and pivot and adjust to something that's more marketable, more tangible, that people can more will be willing to buy from you. I think like selling deep dive studies of the Torah is a is a tough thing to sell. But if it was like how to use principles from the Torah to become wealthy, now, that might be a little bit easier. And that was one of the things I had told Mark. I said, like, that will probably be the approach, I think that you would probably reach more people with. But he told me, I don't want to do that. So I said, Okay, great, we'll try to make this work for as best as we could, I think we got it to where our campaigns were breaking, even with the ad spend a little bit there, but it wasn't profitable, it was just like barely breaking even. So, um, because that's why there are certain products that they might have value to us and a small group of people, but people may not want to invest in them. And so again, sometimes pivoting to what people are actually going to invest in is helpful. I do find that this is a mistake with some people, some coaches and some mentors, as they get really locked into the vision that they have. I had an old coaching client where and I feel I feel I feel sad for her, I think is what it is. She's still trying to sell the same coaching program with the same language that could not get clients for her five or six years ago when we when we met. But she's attached to Well, I've been called to do this. She's attached to I'm going to make it happen. And I'm telling and I've told her so many times I said, here's the thing, you might need to adjust and pivot to a direction that might be more marketable to people that might be more interesting to people to make their time to listen to you. And then you sell them on that thing. And her response was, I don't think I need to do that. I think that what I have is great how it is people don't like it, take it or leave it. They don't they're not worthy of being a client of mine.

[780:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great, but she's not making it. And I talked to I actually talked to her like, I'm not gonna say her name. But I talked to her about a month ago. And she said, you know, yeah, I'm not making any money in my coaching. Nobody's a client of mine. But you know, I'm still keeping going right? And I just kind of like affirmed her. And I said, great, you know, you sounds like you got it all figured out. Now, one of the root issues of that is sometimes if we grew up where intelligence and knowledge was valued, very highly. Especially like if you were told all the time as a kid, you're really smart. Or maybe your siblings were told that or maybe you were told all the time, you were really dumb. I was just talking with my mom about this. She was told her whole life. She's really dumb and doesn't know how to do stuff. She's one of the smartest people I know. I was told my whole life you're really smart, you know, stuff way better than other people. And I that bothered me because I'm like, great like, now I'm unrelatable from every anybody because of this. And so both have issues with the fact that then what we end up doing is we end up trying to validate to people that we know what we're talking about, and trying to validate that we're right rather than getting results. And I think oftentimes in business, especially in coaching, the need to be right. And again, I'm not talking about morals, ethics, integrity, honesty at all. That's where, like, the English, the English language kind of stinks on this is that when I say like the need to be right stops people from succeeding, I'm not talking about doing the right thing. I think doing the right thing is always an important thing to do and the right thing. Here's what I have found, though, what seems right to me today might not actually be the right thing for tomorrow. For me. What seemed right to me in my business five years ago, I can tell you, unequivocally is not the right thing for me today. So we have to be willing to it when we are presented with new information, to shift our beliefs and change what we're doing and things like that as well. And then that can help us be able to actually get the results that we're wanting for. I think, oftentimes, we can spend way too much time trying to make something happen in our businesses. And sometimes it takes doing something different. And I often find that that different things sometimes goes against people's values that they have. And that's where sometimes it's like, take a look at your values. What's important to you, you know, one of my number one values that was stopping me from growing my business, can I tell you what it was?

[826:09] Speaker 0: I was so concerned with making sure that I was constantly taking care of my wife, and that she never needed anything throughout the day.

[828:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because growing up, that's what I had to do for safety with my mom. And I ended up projecting how I treated my mom growing up on my wife that I had to be a caretaker to her. And can I tell you what my wife told me, it nauseated her that I did that. It was the most unsexy thing that I was constantly hovering to make sure that she was taken care of.

[835:09] Speaker 0: And she's like, like, I want you to just go build your business. And instead of worrying that we're not taking care of that we need something and you're not available. And it was actually a core value of mine that I had that I had to unlearn. And my business has actually grown because of it. And so I find that to be the case, oftentimes with coaches and mentors, sometimes they have certain core values that like, Okay, if your core value is to not be abusive to your staff, or employees, I think that that's a very good thing, right? I have a core value that way, I have worked with abusive coaches before. They're not healthy, they are very, they have not worked through their own their own issues. And they end up projecting a lot of their insecurities onto other people and actually hurting and causing harm to the people that are leading. It happens. It does, it's because the space is unregulated. And there's not a lot of rules. And oftentimes, you know, I don't want to dive into the psychology of that that's much longer conversation, but I think we will dive into some of that tomorrow. One of the things that I tell people all the time is you have to be able to speak to the inner teenager and preteen voice in your prospects mind. The decision, the emotional driven decision making brain for most of our prospects, and coaching is that voice when they were between the ages of eight to 13 years old. And so what it is, is actually speaking at like a fourth fifth grade reading level in your presentation is really helpful to tap into that with people. And that's where AI can help us do that to reward certain things in a way that that makes sense. That's easier to understand and things like that. And so yeah, again, hopefully that that that gave some clarity on some of the questions that came in here. I haven't seen anybody else raise their hand here today. I'm sure some of you all have some questions maybe tomorrow. Again, don't feel shy, don't feel feel scared. But I will challenge possibly some of the things that maybe you believed for a while I tell you this that I've made a lot of coaches were one of the reasons why they're not successful. I met a guy the other the other day he's a millionaire actually. But he could be a multimillionaire. He could make $10 million But his need for people to agree with him is more important than business success. His need for people to validate that he's right instead of telling him how he could improve things is more important. So that's where sometimes like when we hear these different strategies and stuff like that it challenges what we believe. It challenges what we've even been taught by other mentors, it challenges, what we've been told.

[887:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can I tell you something that might actually nauseate and offend some of you a little bit about the coaching industry, a lot of coaches and mentors out there, teach things that they don't even do themselves. And the way that they're selling and marketing to you, is not even what they're gonna teach you to do.

[894:27] Speaker 0: And they're inauthentic. Because when you go into the private back rooms with them, they start laughing about what they did the people that are out there, and how they taught them a different way, and convince people of something that won't even help them, and what suckers they are, and I've been in rooms with those people. And I don't spend time with those people anymore.

[900:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I would rather do is pull back the curtain and actually tell you what's being talked about behind the scenes behind these closed doors of what actually does work. I'll tell you most most people who join me in a lot of these sessions would be very uncomfortable in a lot of the room, back rooms of their favorite mentors, about what's talked about about how the conversations go, they would be very, very uncomfortable. Now, I'll say this, what I love, my mom was one that really my mom and I experienced that. And

[911:02] Speaker 0: we spent a lot of time around different mentors, where that's what was happening. And we made a decision that in business that we were going to be that we were going to be different, that we're not going to be a different person on the stage on the webinar than when we were behind the scenes and, and that and and I think that that that authenticity comes comes forward. Problem with that is that it risk your reputation that risks losing business, when I share with you that a lot of our sales strategies come from a book that was written by a guy who went to prison, there are literally people that will not want to hear another word I have to say, because of that, because they will lose all trust and, and anything that I have to say after that point. And yet literally every single successful coach that you know, is doing that, because they've all read that book. Sometimes, you know, and actually, I see I don't want to name names of people, but I have I had a conversation with a coach. And he told me gosh, if my clients only knew what I was actually doing to them to get them to buy from me. They wouldn't want to work with me. And I said, Why don't you just tell them and be honest and open about it? And he's like, No, I can't do that. And then here I am. I'm like no, I'm gonna I'm gonna like actually spill the beans don't feel I don't feel right about naming names as to who these coaches are. But

[936:10] Speaker 0: yeah, asters even do this in churches. Let me actually read you a text message that I just got from a good friend of mine. Really great guy who has seen he's been in the church ministry and coaching world for like 20 years as well.

[943:22] Speaker 0: The marketing practices that most of the people that people look up to do are a hard pill for their followers to swallow. They don't want to know what goes into the food that they're consuming. They don't want to know what's in the sausage that's made. Followers of many Christian ministries would flip over if they actually understood what's really going on with partnership and product advertising, and email marketing, but instead, they would rather it be behind the curtain and in the background, so that nobody sees it. And the front end be revealed as to being something else that it really isn't in order to maintain face. And that's the truth. That's That's what is is common in the coaching and mentoring space. So what I'm sharing with you is the fact that you actually do need to understand what's really going on and learn how To be really authentic with working with people, with teaching with how you sell and learn to be really, really good at this, and learn to do better than everybody else who came before you can I challenge all to do that to do better than every other coach and mentor that you've ever seen that's come before you. When I talk about challenging you to do better, I'm not talking about that from some sort of arrogant, pious place, either. I'm talking about the fact that I so here's what I believe, is that it's no longer unethical if I'm actually telling you what's going on. Because what I told you during these, these, even just these two days, and what we're gonna be going over during these five days, is the stuff that most people, they would make you join their Higher Level Mastermind to even share with you. But I give that away for free. And let's go back to what the first question that came in was, if I gave it away for free, does it devalue the information I don't think it does at all, for the right person, what I'm teaching you is not devalued at all, because I'm not charging for this information. Now, what you might take it, you may not take it and apply it and use it because you haven't paid for it. Well, a lot of you, though, have paid for this, because you're in the VIP here. That's why also, I'm talking about certain things here in the VIP that I might not in the main session. Tomorrow, I'm probably going to a lot of what I've been talking about here today, I'm going to spend some time and I'm going to unpack this even deeper, because I'm really feeling a sense of helping people learn how to build trust through transparency. helping people understand how to balance being sensitive to where people are out with their trauma and their issues. And all those things, while still being extremely effective with marketing strategies that are not expensive, that are not going to cost you a bunch of money. Doing these strategies, the right way is what brings the cost of your marketing down. Okay. And so oftentimes, what works, makes people feel uncomfortable. What produces results, initially, may not feel natural to you, or your normal way of doing things. This is one of the this is one of those issues that I run into with people, when it comes to their marketing. I hear this often Jeremiah, I hear what you're saying. But that just doesn't sound like me. That doesn't feel like me, and how I would do things. Nine times out of 10, that person who tells me that I never see them make any money in their business, because they're not willing to try it out and see how to make it work for them. Because they're so caught up in how they've always done things. And can I tell you in business, the fastest way to make sure you don't make any money is well, that's just how we've always done things. That's just how it's always been. That's that's how we've always done things. And that's why you're here is you're learning new strategies, you're learning new ways of doing stuff that's going to be effective. Now, Lorraine said what I talked about is disgusting.

[1012:49] Speaker 0: You might have to come to grips with the fact that

[1016:06] Speaker 0: I mean, it's what it's what works with marketing, and what works with marketing might feel disgusting to you. Understand that. And again, maybe figure out what I look like when our response is immediately like repulsion. What are we trying to avoid? What do we not want to happen? Right? For instance, like I don't I have people all the time, they tell me that what I teach is disgusting. It's terrible. So worst thing on the planet that they could ever do. I entitled anybody to have that opinion, of course, they absolutely can. But I would possibly challenge you to say how can I maybe apply some of this into my business and start to see results in a way that feels authentic to me. So that's what we're going to be going over that's what we're going to be going over when

[1033:14] Speaker 0: tomorrow in the main session, is how do we tie all this together to attract the right clients to us? How do we develop the landing page, the advertising campaigns? How do we figure out if our niche is actually what's going to work right? Like I mentioned, maybe selling deep theological Torah training may not be marketable, but how to grow wealthy from principles from the Torah might same similar topic but slight neatly pivoting the niche in a way that would be more effective to the marketplace. And what I find is nine times out of 10, with most coaches slightly pivoting in a direction that's going to appeal to the desires of your market is more effective.

[1043:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: The fear and worry of appealing to people's desires, and the need to have to quote unquote, dogmatically deliver truth to people is one of the biggest things that stops people from making money in their businesses as coaches is this belief. And I had a conversation with somebody, as he told me, he's like, Jeremiah, you teach people how to make more money in their coaching business. That is dogmatically unethical. Because what you need to be teaching them how to do is how to do good market research, and never actually sell until they're guaranteed to get a result. And I told them, I'm sorry to disagree with you. And he said, Well, if that's the case, and I want to make it my mission to shut you down in business, and I said, Okay, that's fine, like, you can do that, but you're not gonna be able to, I'm able to stop me.

[1056:40] Speaker 0: I'm gonna keep doing what I do, because it's helping a lot of people and the people that I'm meant to work with resonate with this, they resonate with this message, they resonate with learning how to create an offer that actually attracts a business. And so again, I know a lot of y'all are just starting out, maybe you've been a part of a number of different trainings with me and things like this.

[1064:14] Speaker 0: I want to see you financially successful. I don't, I don't like when I see people month after month after month, and they're in the same place financially that they were the month before.

[1067:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's really only two reasons why that is. Either I suck at what I teach. Or you might need to be doing things a little bit differently. That's really what it is. So what we're going to be teaching you is what those things are that you can do. And that's what we're gonna be going over during the five days for for the next three days. So all right, everybody, if you've got any questions between now and tomorrow, post them in the Facebook group. Again, I don't check my email, and I don't check direct messages. By the way. Some of you have been emailing my client care team with questions, and I don't check those those those don't reach me, I don't see anything that sent to me an email for a couple of days.

[1079:53] Speaker 0: It's one of my boundaries that I have. You know, I've had coaches telling me that not checking my email every day is unethical. Because what if a client needs your help Well, let them be in need of my help. Let them need my response. And it will sit there for three days 5%. That's a boundary that I've developed for my life in my business. That's how I'm able to create the life that I have where I can spend time with my wife and my son. And we're able to

[1088:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: now not have to kill myself to be able to have a business that makes six and seven figures. It's not that way. And so I'm excited to kind of break down. How do you like create the specific client attraction strategy for you in your business that is based around trust and transparency.

[1096:21] Speaker 0: that taps into the right psychology that is sensitive to you don't want to repel the right prospects, you want to attract the right ones and repel the wrong ones. away that is not going to lose your money in a way that is going to be the best use of your time. And I believe it's one of the most fastest ways to where you're not just attracting time wasters, looky Loos, people that are just not actually going to take action. But so that you actually find people that they're going to get results with you and they're going to make a financial investment. And what I really hope to do is break you out of analysis paralysis. Some of you might be caught up in analysis paralysis, where you're like, I need to learn more of the systems and the right ways to do things and what all those things are and the strategies and I'm just not sure if I can price it right. And if I got all my pieces together, can I tell you this? We have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable. That was a statement that I used to hate until this year. Is you know, I was always like, well, if it's uncomfortable and I'm not going to do it. I've actually had people like leave my coaching and because they told me it's way too uncomfortable. They usually say Jeremiah what you teach is destroying my peace too much and It's just not helping me. And so I'll say this, as I say, it might be that it's challenging some of your limiting beliefs is what it is. Because when we challenge our limiting beliefs, it temporarily feels really uncomfortable. And then we get this like aha moment where a light bulb goes off. And it actually becomes very peaceful and very easy. And that's where we end up becoming aligned with the right way to do things in our lives. And so I guarantee you today and yesterday, I probably challenge that for some people that are here. That's, that's by design. That's by that's how we, that's how I help people actually get results as being able to do that. And that's a process to do that. We're going to break that down for you on day four, as well. We're going to break down what are the exact ways to actually put this on autopilot so that you don't have to work hundreds of hours, how to simplify it, what are the very simple technology steps that you can take to be able to get results in your coaching business, and then bring it all together? Darren says, Where do I find the VIP replays? It's over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com.

[1137:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you can go find that there's a link that's usually it's sent. It was sent to you when we sign up, it's over at my website as well over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Right here under login, you can find this login link and that's where you can log in and access those VIP recordings. So Alright, everybody. Thanks for being here. Thanks for spending this time. I want to see you succeed. That's why I share this stuff. Not because I like to hear my voice talk. I really don't like hearing my own voice talk. I want to see you start to actually get results with your business and start to make money. So All righty, have a good one. Good tomorrow.

