CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-08-08T20:04:45.000Z
Duration: 71 min
Otter ID: _qRXMOJx3OJgJ_Pb1_xAufofGlI
---

[0:29] Speaker 0: Alrighty, I'm excited to be on here. Let's go into our streaming box. Hello, hello, hello. Good afternoon. How you doing today? Good afternoon.

[7:51] Sue McGarvie: Hi.

[8:08] Speaker 0: Hello to the beautiful Sue McGarvey. Well,

[8:53] Speaker 2: thank you. I

[9:12] Sue McGarvie: am very happy to see you today, too,

[10:06] Speaker 0: the lovely

[11:20] Sue McGarvie: she always looks so you always look so jacked. I'm always like,

[12:16] Speaker 2: Oh my God,

[12:28] Speaker 0: he is jacked.

[12:49] Speaker 2: Yes,

[13:03] Speaker 0: give us a, give us a. Yeah. She's like,

[13:45] Speaker 1: how much Olympians,

[14:07] Speaker 0: have you seen her social media? I

[15:36] Sue McGarvie: have not. I see her, I'm just like, Damn,

[16:34] Speaker 2: I should really, she really

[16:53] Speaker 0: is, yeah, guys are sweet, inspiring. She's inspiring to all of us.

[18:09] Sue McGarvie: No, I keep thinking she needs to do a little, you know, middle aged women and flub kind of, you know thing. I would totally join that. Yeah, just something, you

[20:36] Dana Hernandez: know what? That's, that's, that's on the agenda, I'm finally, after breaking my wrist, like I like, I don't feel jacked since I broke my wrist. So thank you guys for that. But yeah, I'm finally

[23:44] Speaker 0: one part of you right there.

[24:22] Speaker 3: Yeah. You know, yeah.

[24:58] Speaker 0: I mean, it sounds crazy, but like, I don't feel I'm at 100% of what I could be as a as a business owner having toddlers. But that's one part of me, right? That's not, that's not forever either. Like, like, I was thinking about that today, I was like, okay, there is a reason why. Like, when people don't have kids, or they're like, their kids are grown, they can work like, four times more hours, you know,

[31:33] Sue McGarvie: crazy time it's and at each stage, you know, they it changes. My My mom said, you know, we would go to anybody when we were little, but it was when we were teenagers that we only needed us. And I found that with my own kids, it was actually little. Was crazy, but they went to bed. Yeah, you could manage it. It was the it was the kind of age 11 to 17 when you want to put them in a deep freeze for a while. So

[38:58] Speaker 0: the the thing that I'm excited for, though, is, I know there's so many business owners out there that have kids and that there's a way to do it really, it's just like, I'm learning this. It's like not taking so long to get all the different steps done, just kind of just moving, taking action, gut instinct,

[44:05] Sue McGarvie: and a full time live in nanny. That's what I love, that it took three of us going flat from sticking to the floor, seriously, yeah, honestly, I can't. I had a Filipino nanny. I cannot recommend them. Yeah, yeah.

[47:54] Speaker 0: We don't have that, but we you may have help from my second came that help from the family. A family lives down the street from us, which is great. So that's, yeah, that is,

[50:41] Sue McGarvie: that's really helpful. That helps a lot. I tell people, you either have to pay for it or you have to have extended relatives. Yep, yep.

[52:13] Speaker 0: That's it. Alright. Let me try to go live in the group. Here.

[53:12] Sue McGarvie: I put my, I put my my new video in the Facebook group about, okay, awesome. Minutes ago. Yeah,

[54:56] Speaker 0: awesome. Let me go live over here.

[57:15] Speaker 0: Oh, man, forgive me. I have a little bit of a like a sinus thing going on since yesterday, I recorded the two classes, like, like trainings from this week too. And I'm like, I like, had to, like, apologize at the beginning. I'm like, sorry guys, but I feel 80% better than I did yesterday. Yesterday was rough, luckily, I've

[64:48] Sue McGarvie: not ratings. Did you do? And they're and they're in, obviously, in the website,

[66:06] Speaker 0: um, I did the lesson 11 or 12 of the total online six figure blueprint. So that's the new course that has 12 lessons in it. That's step by step, from like, finding your niche, all the way down to closing sales, delivering presentations, creating your landing page. So it's like a it's an updated, much better version of the six steps to six figures, course that I had from last year. Yeah. So that's in the Start Here section, and it's, it's really, really good. I'm really happy with it, how it came out

[75:36] Sue McGarvie: well, because as much as I like some of your early stuff, and it helped me, I find, if it's not really current, it's it changes so fast, and it's not your fault, it's just yeah,

[78:23] Speaker 0: that fast I find, I find I've gotten a lot, I think I've been I think I've improved it. It how I teach too, in the last year, so

[81:02] Dana Hernandez: that in the group that that course was, oh, man,

[82:07] Sue McGarvie: yeah, so you're going to streamline, like my, you know, when my my, you know, I used to think more was better. I used to think, you know, the more stuff I had, the better it is. Right? Hearing that from SEO, I'm not hearing about, no, I'm hearing streamline it. And I know streamline Less. Less is better. Looks awesome that you are. You have so much stuff, but you have long crossed the line from being awesome to being completely and totally daunting, overwhelming. Yeah. So I would clear out all the stuff that's, you know, like, three years and older. Like, get rid of it.

[91:51] Speaker 0: Have you checked out how we updated the members area?

[92:35] Sue McGarvie: Not in the last month? No, okay. Like,

[93:25] Speaker 0: because what I, well, that's what I'm kind of doing, is, is exactly that I have the Learning Library, just so I'm not getting rid of all the old stuff. It's just over there, you know, it's kind of in, it's like, cave, so you have access to it, but then it's all the other sections that, like start here. There's just that one course, really, that, like, for most people, can go through, and then the beginner. I'm even streamlining some of those now, so I'm going back through a lot of it, streamlining, moving the old stuff over to the library, and kind of that's exactly what we're

[101:36] Sue McGarvie: doing. So good I would be that. Yeah, I haven't looked at it because I just go, Oh my God, it's just so much. I brought somebody on and said, Here's my login. Jeremiah says, I can, I can onboard you this way. Yeah,

[104:31] Speaker 0: start here. Training is the best area to go.

[105:30] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, they were. They were completely daunted. And I went, Okay. Well, the

[106:24] Speaker 0: other thing too is, depending on what area they need help with. They can come on one of these calls, or you can or in the group, and I can kind of direct you like this course or this course, or which lesson is going to be more

[110:02] Sue McGarvie: continuing. You know, I've got, you know, it's taken me eight months of getting Facebook ads to finally start seeing traction. And I know that's terrible to tell people, and I did every mistake, so I'm sure other people, I

[114:23] Speaker 0: had something exciting to tell you about that though today, which is cool. Yeah, it started. We, we found a little secret to get around some of their restrictions. Ooh,

[116:56] Sue McGarvie: right. With another about that I have my pen and my paper and, yeah, cool.

[118:07] Speaker 0: It's a, it's a, it's but I'm trying to just say live copywriting call, okay, and then I need to grab the Zoom link right here. Hello, Dan, hello. Brett, how are you? Okay? Live copywriting call, there's link, there's the description. Okay, now we're live in the group. So if anybody's in the group, hello, everybody. Welcome inside the Facebook group. Okay, Sue, let's check out your video here. So you just have this video. Is that what we're looking at? Yeah, I

[127:36] Sue McGarvie: just, I did it this week. Um, you know, I just might my, my guy, I have a guy in Bangladesh, and it was hard to when they were actually, they turned off the internet for the whole country for a while, but he's, he's okay, and he's back working, and he's been really delivering what I needed. That's

[131:58] Speaker 0: awesome. Alright, yeah,

[132:20] Sue McGarvie: so at least it's working

[133:49] Speaker 2: for 40 and feel like

[134:08] Sue McGarvie: you make binge watching TV alone forever Not on my watch.

[135:22] Speaker 2: I'm Sue McGarvey Canada's leading relationship expert for over two decades. I hosted the syndicated sex with Sue Colin show. I did a television series, and I helped literally 10s of 1000s of listeners find loving

[139:10] Speaker 0: here's the thing myself. So what was that cut there? I

[139:55] Sue McGarvie: have no idea what that was. All right, thank you for catching that the first time around. I guess I have to redo that a little bit. Okay.

[142:07] Speaker 2: Don't have to navigate it alone. Three books on intimacy and relationships, as well as to the TV series, and I have a plan for you. Let me be your guide. In this case, let me be your way woman. But wait, there's more. Join me every Tuesday evening for our free so

[147:28] Speaker 0: I would take that, But wait, there's more part out, okay, um, because it's kind of like it's a little bit of dead, dead space there. And if you can put the image that you had that came in over your audio, where you have you speaking in the background, that'll be better. Okay, all right, I'll

[152:43] Speaker 2: work on that relaxed fireside chat conversations, real people talking about what they need, how to flirt, how to have those first interactions, where to find them. All of the hacks will dive deep into strategies and have fun activities to help you find your connection. If you're over 40, this is for you. Nobody's pulled you aside and explained this to you. My jam is that I love help. People, and I want to be your guide to take you step by step through this process. Come and watch my free video on the next steps

[162:24] Speaker 0: you need. So, yeah, to keep the the pace going, Mm, hmm, um, I think that that would be good. One of the things is, is that I think this part right here, the energy drops a little bit where you're, like, talking about a lot of the details, and so I would keep it more high energy, and they can find those details on the landing page. Okay, so it's a little less of, like, pulling a lot of the deep empathy into the video ad. I find that that can kind of pull people out of the the curiosity stage. And that's what you want, is you want a lot of curiosity, as far as that goes in the in the,

[173:08] Speaker 3: yeah, oh, I'm

[173:26] Speaker 0: trying to say in the like, in the ad, and then they will want to Click on it, talk further to be able to to go to your website and find that piece of it. Okay,

[178:37] Speaker 2: fair enough dive deep into strategies and have fun activities to help you find your connection. If you're over 40, this is for you. Nobody's pulled you aside and explain this to you. My jam is I love helping people, and I want to be your guide to take you step by step through this process. Come and watch my free video on the next steps. You need to create meaningful connections, totally free and is packed with insights to kick start your journey. Post pandemic, things are all different. I've created an easy to follow guide, tips, secrets, the latest hacks on how you connect with wonderful people. Come to my site. Let me be your wing woman.com let's turn those lonely nights into joyful adventures. Visit. Let me be your wing woman. Com,

[192:48] Speaker 0: yeah, so I the you mentioned the brand a few times as well. So that's also, like, just in an ad that's a little much, a little much, okay, um, so like, hone that down, and you really want to keep the pace and the flow of the ad flowing, and not break it up with the pictures. If you want to pull the picture up, you can have the picture be on another layer. And what did you What was this edited in? This

[199:53] Sue McGarvie: was in iMovie. It, it. I had done it. I followed the steps that that chatgpt told me to do, you know, I, you know, I've done ones where I can just talk to the camera, and they said you need to move, change it around and have some different things. So try

[203:44] Speaker 0: the it is true. And I think, I think that, like, if you tighten it up just a little bit, okay, it's kind of, that's really what it is. It's kind of tightening up the messaging. I think what's here is good, but like tightening up that messaging a little bit more. Now, the one thing that we found is it doesn't always work, and that's one of the things, that's the other thing that we had found. So I'm testing out a campaign that I'm doing with Rick Pino right now, and like we're running it through Instagram. We're not seeing this, I'm not getting we're trying to get the same result through Facebook too, but Instagram is working really well. Okay, so, like we're running, we can get video views for really cheap. So we're getting, like, hundreds of 1000s of views on these Instagram reels. And then there's a call to action on the Instagram reel to leave a comment, and then what that comment does is it there's a messenger. Message that they get that sends them to a landing page.

[220:33] Sue McGarvie: How do you do that? Like, how do you set that up?

[221:15] Speaker 0: So the way you set that up, the easiest way, is with this, this tool called many chat right here.

[222:40] Sue McGarvie: That's what I needed to know. Okay, yeah,

[223:04] Speaker 0: so many chat is the tool, and it's not. It's not super expensive, but it's not so, yeah, so this is, uh, engage unlimited contacts. That's good. It's not that expensive, as far as that goes. It scales with the number of contacts. Interesting. So that's the thing. The price seems to go up the more people you engage with. But here's the part about it, is they save people in this contact email blast type of a thing. I don't think that they count towards that. If you're just, like, engaging people, just sending them a message based on the response. So I don't think that, I don't think that that is included in that you just might have to clear out the amount of people where the price starts to go up on that, because you can send like, blast, just like an email list of people based on this. But we don't really use that feature. We're more using it just where it's like, comment, get started, and I'll and I want to take you to like, to show you how to do XYZ. So here's what I realized, is you can run an ad to that because. Okay, so we can run an ad to a whoa all over the place here. Sorry, you can run an ad to one of these videos, and then when they comment, it's going to send a message. Here's here's here's what the message kind of looks like. Here's, uh, Brock Johnson's also using one is it has this like it sends this little message like this, and then they click the button and it takes them to the landing page right here. Here's what we've found. Currently, Facebook doesn't have to approve what page you're sending them to with that button. So you can put a lot more direct, you okay, you can put a lot more direct, like dating copy on your page if you have it, go through that sequence, okay, all right. Or if I'm, you know, wanting to do something as far as a landing page with like language that might get blocked by Facebook, right? I can have that landing page on there, and I'm not as restricted in what I need to say if I bring it that way. Now, they've not been as restrictive to landing pages as they were in the past. They're more restrictive as to what you say in the ad. The ad itself is still going to have to kind of be whatever. But here's the thing. Here's the thing, if it's an ad, that's a comment, get started thing. I i don't have proof on this 100% but I think because I haven't tested it with like a dating ad or anything, but I think that because you're not directly sending traffic to a dating page, I think they would still approve stronger dating language in a video that's a real that's just getting people to comment, versus that, and again, for Some reason, that gets you around some of those traditional restrictions they have. I don't think that's going to be forever. Yeah, I think, I think I might be one of the, like, the I've never heard anybody point that out, but I think that's why so many people are using this method. Is because of that. I think it's like, a secret thing, like nobody's talking about because they don't want to get in trouble for it, right? I'm like, Okay, well, I'm saying it, I'm putting it out there. I just put it on Facebook's platform. I'm sure they'll hear but yeah. So like, you can run an ad and somebody can comment, and then you can send them the link in the message, and the bot sends the link automatically. So like, I'm going to start even doing that for, like, some of my ads, for my offers and and testing that out. So like, an ad, for Facebook ads, I'm going to run an ad, but I'm going to have people comment that they want this free training, and I'm going to run an ad to that. And it's also cheaper to run those ads as well. So they're charging you a lot less for those types of ads. Like, dramatically cheaper.

[290:18] Sue McGarvie: Dramatically cheaper is good. So it's like,

[291:09] Speaker 0: interesting. Well, I'm

[291:29] Sue McGarvie: gonna, I'm gonna be all it

[291:44] Speaker 0: reminds me of how we used to run ads, like 10 years ago, when my mom used to teach about Facebook ads back in the day, because we're running as like a through play video views ad and an engagement ad, instead of a conversion ad. But because the traffic is so much cheaper, it's it's working well, and then you can just retarget a lot of that traffic too, with a more direct offer. So it's kind of like a one two punch type of a thing. But that was, that was the one thing I was going to say is, like, as far as if you want to test that, you'd have to do it through an Instagram reel, and then you run that reel as an ad. And in the ads manager, you can go in and do that, because you can run an ad to Instagram with an existing post that you already have. Do you know how to do that?

[305:11] Sue McGarvie: I do. I have some, yeah, I have some. I have some Instagram reels. I'm going to do. I have a whole,

[306:39] Speaker 0: yeah. So then once you put the little many chat in there, basically you're just, you integrate it to Instagram. You tell it what the keyword is in many chat, and it's, it's really simple to set up. I'm going to start. I set up one a while back. Didn't use it much, but I'm going to start using it a lot more. It's how Instagram wants you to use it. And here's the other thing too, is once they comment, that you can then message them a second and third time to

[315:01] Sue McGarvie: he's, he just fries for you. Dana, yeah, okay, I'm looking at many chat right now. That's what I'm doing. I'm like, I'm ADHD, so I'm like, looking up

[319:15] Dana Hernandez: and I just because of you. What you posted. I just went and threw in a little video that, because I did yesterday, edit right? This

[321:43] Sue McGarvie: is, this is all that it. So he's caught a couple of things. I'm going to refilm it so. And then I go to fiverr all the time. I go to Fiverr and I spend like 50 bucks, and I'm like, fix this, do this. Okay? I'm constantly doing fiber, because I it would take me hours to do what? What five like, what a $50 thing is, my time is worse when not yours is totally, yeah, oh, I'm constantly doing that. And and I found, you know, some people aren't so great, but I had one just redo my whole website and get all the bugs and all the, you know, the SEO stuff. It's just, I'm getting all kinds more traffic. I think it cost me. It was under $200

[332:54] Dana Hernandez: okay, that's, yeah, that's what I'm doing, you know, now that I've, like, come out of my, my broken, broken, recoveriness. I met someone in my dance class, and I just, I, like, loved him. And he's, he actually asked me about snowboarding, and he's like, send me your website. And I'm like, okay, but there's nothing about snowboarding on my website. And then he just gave me some feedback. And he's, I'm basically having him relaunch the whole website. He's helping me hone in on holistic self defense. Is going to be my, you know, is, is going to be my umbrella, which, which I have been saying that for a while, but encompassing a lot more other things in life, not just self defense. And then you saying that you loved these. Thursday calls for one. Usually, I can't make it, but I was like, Sue said she really liked these.

[345:37] Sue McGarvie: These ones are the best ones. I have to leave at three because it's, you know, it's 223, now I'm I'm in Eastern time, but yeah, no, my Thursdays. I have it in my calendar all the time. It is so good. So hey and Mondays, and there's a lot of, there's a lot of of national holidays in the summer on Mondays in Canada. So,

[351:02] Dana Hernandez: oh yes,

[352:16] Sue McGarvie: there you are. Can you hear me? Yep, we've been talking amongst ourselves. It's all good.

[353:51] Speaker 0: My power went out here. Oh, um, quality,

[356:09] Sue McGarvie: yeah, it's okay. You sound like you're in a barrel, but beyond that echoey,

[356:57] Speaker 0: but I know, um, no,

[357:51] Dana Hernandez: that's better. Okay, there. It fits. There, whatever

[358:18] Sue McGarvie: your microphone is, that

[358:36] Dana Hernandez: a little better. Yeah, that's better. It's back to normal.

[359:44] Speaker 0: Okay, let's try. Let's try something. I'm gonna see. If I can link this up to my

[362:07] Speaker 0: computer. Hey, Abigail, I'm gonna stay here. I actually get a ve ultra wide upstairs here. I think the brick house blocks it downstairs. Our power went out all day yesterday. I mean, I'm gonna try to do like a phone

[371:29] Sue McGarvie: he's gone again. I

[374:32] Dana Hernandez: sue, you're super you're like a total role model with how much action you take. So I just want you

[376:08] Sue McGarvie: to, well, it's, I throw a lot of mud, it's what I do, and some of it sticks and some of it doesn't, but I, I'm not a I'm not a sit around. I'm just like, alright, what are we doing now? What are we doing now? Just, you know, but, you know, I get to do this full time. This is my gig, and I am committed. I spent, said I'm going to spend the money, I'm going to spend the year, and I'm going to get this, this funnel, work, income, hell or high water. So that is my plan. I am like, as I said, probably seven or eight months into it, and it's time to, you know, I'm getting there. I'm starting to get some people, but, like, three, you know what I mean, like, into the funnel, you know, somebody's bought, like, I've had a bunch of people buy $5 ones. So, okay, so it's not like I'm getting 1000s. I have already have a huge audience, but my goal was always to have people that didn't know me, weren't from my city. I got, I advertised my Facebook ads all the way down the eastern seaboard, anybody in the same time and once it's English speaking same time zone. And that's what I've done,

[392:02] Dana Hernandez: yeah, yeah. And like, likewise I'm, I eventually am interested in your dating stuff too. So

[393:49] Sue McGarvie: glad I can do Yeah, in my city, harder services. You can set up a workout plan for me. Oh, I would

[396:11] Dana Hernandez: like that. Absolutely, absolutely.

[396:46] Sue McGarvie: I'll

[397:00] Dana Hernandez: set up your dating life for you. No problem, yes. And thankfully, like this. This is my second career. However, I might, the goal is to have it be my primary career. But thankfully, when I broke myself, I. Um, I was able to do my veterinary job and stay afloat, you know, financially and, you know, and all of that. Because, yeah, the physical job would have been a little bit harder. I still kept some of it, but, but it would, it would have been challenging.

[404:01] Speaker 2: Yeah, you're, you're located where, California,

[404:35] Dana Hernandez: Southern California. Southern

[405:01] Sue McGarvie: California. Okay, yeah, yeah. Where are we, yeah, literally, on the other side of the country. So that's, yeah. That's cool, though. Good for you. Well, I think, yeah, he's, he's, which, which system do you use? Like, I you know, which, which do you have? Like, are you on Squarespace? Are you using? What kind of where

[411:14] Dana Hernandez: read. The guy I hired, he's redoing everything my I was WordPress, but my domain name, since it's in GoDaddy, he actually said he's like, GoDaddy has a lot of great features now, so we're just keeping everything there. So we're he is rebuilding on GoDaddy, giving him feedback. I We, I took all of my he took all of my Constant Contact, put them into GoDaddy. So, so every word centralizing, and yeah, he's doing, he's doing good stuff. I'm excited. And he's like, it's like, okay. He's like, Okay, you want this online thing. He's like, alright. End of the month, we're launching holistic self defense, because I've tried the virtual a couple times and got, got derailed a couple of times. And so it's good. It's good to have someone help. Yep, kick my butt.

[424:26] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. That's interesting. I was in a big Canadian hosting thing, and it's it just didn't have the slower than I wanted it to be. And everybody's saying go to go, go, daddy, just move it all over. So that's interesting. You're actually building it there. I don't know if I can do that. Mine's I have. I have both a, what's called a word discourse, not discord, discourse, okay, WordPress together. So one has basically dating, like it's basically, if you want to put up a dating profile and have community and all of that, it's on the discourse. And then I have a front end WordPress, okay, but it's taken me two years and 10s of 1000s of dollars more than that like to build this thing so, but I'm just, I'm going to have it hosted by GoDaddy for sure. Okay, that's actually, I,

[436:31] Dana Hernandez: yeah, and my host was different too. It was SiteGround, like, he's, like, you have everything all over. So now it's all in one spot. Good night. Good for you. That's smart. Oh, that's good. And I had initially built my my site on WordPress, and it was not super user friendly, but I I learned it after months and months. So it's nice to have something easier. I

[441:43] Sue McGarvie: can change words, I can put up some pictures, I can write a blog. That's it. Everything else I outsource, yeah, yeah. If I'm going to write a blog or something, I can go in and do that. Otherwise, I have somebody else, because it's again or tech I do. I'm actually going tonight to a women in tech thing, which I always think is hilarious, because my tech skills, I think are mediocre at best. I think, yeah, I, you know, I have people in my team doing but I manage. I have to know enough to manage the tech piece, right,

[450:24] Dana Hernandez: right? But, yeah, it's, it's same, it's, it's not how I want to spend my time. I want to spend my time with the people creating the content, doing the stuff. And I do love researching, researching about self defense, health, wellness, eating, you know, all of that. But, yeah, I don't want to sit there and do techy stuff either.

[455:13] Sue McGarvie: No, that's, I said. I want to know enough to to manage it, and that's it. So, yeah, good. Well, I am disappointed we're not doing this, but that's, that's okay. He gave me some feedback. I hope you can work on that. I'm going to give him five more minutes, and then I'm like, I'm I got stuff to do. Yeah, yeah. You know, I understand, not his fault. Poor power, totally. That sucks. It's great text, great when it works and when it doesn't, you want to, you know, stab a plastic

[462:37] Dana Hernandez: pull my hair out when it doesn't. But, yeah,

[463:39] Sue McGarvie: it's all good.

[463:55] Dana Hernandez: But I'm glad I, I'm glad I got myself onto this one even, even if you know

[465:13] Sue McGarvie: his, his Thursdays are fantastic. Like they said, there's, there's small he, he does specific. How do you fix your copyright? Okay? And he's really, I think it's like, it's like, hiring him for an hour, like, it's excellent, nice. Yeah, no, I love his Thursday. So it's always, it's just once a month, so I put it on my calendar, and I'm always here, if I can be

[470:49] Dana Hernandez: here. So that's awesome. Yeah, that day

[471:36] Sue McGarvie: just, it's, it's, allows it to be personal. So figuring out what that looks like and how does that go so, yeah,

[473:43] Dana Hernandez: and obviously there's way fewer people on the call, so you can get to your stuff, by the

[475:04] Sue McGarvie: way. Yeah. I don't know if Dan and Brett are going to, I don't know if they have anything they want to contribute to this conversation, but because I think it's streaming, I

[477:37] Dana Hernandez: think I think it is too, yeah, it still says, it still says recording. Yeah,

[478:40] Sue McGarvie: yeah. Stream. There you are. Hi, Brett. Hi.

[479:46] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[479:58] Speaker 4: I'm still here. I'm just, I'm not in the optimal place for lighting, obviously. Now I'm having to, I'm really at at the beginning. So I mean, even though I've got a lot of knowledge, I'm having to build all over again. So,

[485:58] Sue McGarvie: and it's no fun, because it changes. Like, again, I'm saying, you know, I started this, this call to Jeremiah, saying everything's changed, like, it's not your fault, because everything's changed, and then the market's changed, and the text changed, and there's, you've just got to stay with it for the little hacks. But he's really good at finding them. So,

[491:00] Speaker 4: yeah, that's one of the, one of the benefits, I think, with Jeremiah, is he knows how to pivot. And, you know, he's, he's not, I mean, he's not so, I guess stationary. I guess he's more dynamic where that's concerned. So that's those are the kind of coaches that I that I can work with. It offers solutions. And so I've been, you know, mine. Mine has been my. My recent days have been wrapping my head around niche and what do I offer, and who's my target audience, and all of that. I think I've got that pretty well settled, but, but now it's going in and writing a coaching guide or an ebook, and getting some things happening. So I'm a little excited because I got into a software that I can start building in. And I just had the onboarding call today, so so I've got some I'm getting my overall strategy together. I had, I had actually eliminated writing and and it's starting to stir back up in me again. So I'd been doing primarily video. And I'm not really a social media person. I really don't like all of that. So video

[515:39] Sue McGarvie: is the way to go. Like I'm doing 100% all my ads are video. I think that that's are sitting there. Think they totally

[517:25] Speaker 4: are. Well, the writing that I eliminated was writing any kind of blog post, any kind of articles, any kind of books. I had a, I had a I'd gone to a seminar on writing books years ago, and one of the guys offered, it wasn't one of the it wasn't the host, but he, one of the guys who was a ghostwriter, offered me some suggestion. He said, You have a very good video persona, and your voice really works with this. Why don't you focus on your voice instead of writing a book? And it kind of set me back, because I've got books on the inside of me, so it's all stirring back up again. So I'm going to, I'm kind of gathering my thoughts about this. So I hadn't even really gotten into Facebook ads or anything along that line. So there's just

[533:22] Sue McGarvie: not for the faint of heart, and it takes, at least. It has taken me about eight times longer than people think, however, and I and it really, I really had to hire people and get pixels and find the right people and get all that done. I really suggest, and then I continue to spend, you know, $10 a day on Facebook ads to try and build me stuff. But it's, it's just, just as a like, that's just my throw away. I probably spend about $2,000 a month on Facebook ads right now, and you know, I'm getting back about half of that. Wow, it's not, it's lost. It's it's advertising, but we'll see. My goal is to get that funnel working, and then it takes that long for the Facebook ads to see, and you get, you know, develop the audience, and I can do the look alike audience, and it's taken me long time to do that.

[548:53] Speaker 4: So is it? Do you think it's the niche that you're in the audience?

[550:38] Sue McGarvie: I honestly don't know. If you ask me, I just, I just think that, you know, I think it's, I think Jeremiah is brilliant, absolutely brilliant, and I but I think he's so good at it that he's done it, that he doesn't, you know, that it's, it's, it's, you know, he's getting like, he's in the last little while, it's like, okay, we gotta get it, break it down into absolute basic pieces, and here's what, and if you don't have those tech skills, it's hired out and understand that Facebook's changing, right? So it's, it's like Google, it's like SEO, you think it's, it's something, and then Google changes their algorithm, and everybody has to, again, has to pivot. Know, I hate it, learning about that and then not to be discouraged. It's this really helps, because then I don't get discouraged. I'm like, Okay, everybody else is at this stage. Jeremiah is really clear, let's work on this. And it helps, because otherwise I would have thrown something. But it's

[564:30] Speaker 4: always, it's always worth the, the effort. And it always takes longer than you think it will. Yeah, always,

[567:29] Sue McGarvie: but yeah, no, my, my, my, takeaways.

[568:02] Speaker 2: Oh, there you are. Hello, sir. We

[568:45] Sue McGarvie: got, we said, we have, we have you all this content. We've been calling you brilliant. We've been talking about how you pivot. It's all good, amazing.

[571:00] Speaker 0: Go back through it, so our power went out, and then all of our cell towers. So normally, like, I appreciate

[573:03] Sue McGarvie: this, but don't feel I have to go. I'm actually at a woman I was telling DANA I met a woman in tech, which everybody thinks is hilarious, because I am not a woman in tech. I'm a woman who has tech people working with me, then I going to leave in about 20 minutes. But, yeah, Dana has some about five minutes, so she has some questions. But I am going to do the any chat. I am going to do mini chat, and I am going to find it, and I'm going to send you a post in the video. Yeah, how it's going? I think

[581:12] Speaker 0: I found it really easy to, like, start using it. It has it walks you through all the steps. I know a lot of people who were like, they're not super tech savvy, and they get it working really well. I'll, maybe I'll make like, a YouTube video on it, but I think it's a great thing that we that we definitely want to start using. But, yeah, no, we're driving. We're driving to my, my wife's parents house. They're five minutes up the road, and they got power, internet, all that just fine. So yeah, I'm pretty sure, like, our cell towers literally went down. We have it said zero cell signals, so I couldn't even, like, hot spot from my phone into the meeting these things, and then all these sirens were going off around us. It was crazy. It's the apocalypse yesterday too.

[593:32] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, watch out for zombies. Double tap, right?

[595:28] Speaker 0: Yes.

[595:42] Dana Hernandez: I had a semi zombie, zombie dream last night.

[596:22] Speaker 4: Oh, man,

[597:12] Speaker 2: yeah.

[597:49] Speaker 4: Oh, wow. Well, hey, I

[598:14] Speaker 0: want to drop off here just for another couple of minutes, and I will be back on and I should be able to be here to finish out the call and go through everybody's and all that. So

[600:53] Sue McGarvie: you helped me first, I'm going to take your card, try many chats, and I will, I will give you an update this weekend. I'm going to let Dana have her time. Don't sweat it. It was okay, perfect. It was great. Alright, take care,

[603:51] Speaker 0: Joe, perfect. Bye, sir, Dana. I'm like Right, right down the street from there. I'm going to log off here on my phone and then I will log back on on the computer in about two minutes.

[606:22] Dana Hernandez: Okay, I just threw a little video up in the group. I

[607:28] Speaker 0: see it. Awesome. Okay, alright, cool. Okay, okay, right back.

[610:54] Speaker 4: That's the kind of check challenges you don't want.

[611:34] Dana Hernandez: I know. I know. Could you imagine, like, if this were one of us, and like, in the beginning and this happened, we would like, freak I would freak out.

[613:52] Speaker 4: I have had that happen. Um, my worst nightmare was doing a free event. Yes, I had 1000s of people on there. It was somebody else hosting me, and when we went to get on, they said, Okay, now log into this software. I said, I don't have that software. Oh, no. And so we downloaded the software, but I use a Mac, so Mac has to give all these permissions. Oh, and prompting me what it needed, and when I went to reboot, it hung. It took 20 minutes to reboot. Oh my gosh. So they had to reschedule. So thank thankfully, they were able to move everybody over to the next but it was a challenge. And I was like, Well, this is, this is, let me see if I can get a better light.

[629:55] Dana Hernandez: I have the backlining player too,

[630:49] Speaker 4: but it was, you know, it was, it was fruitful, but it could have probably been more fruitful, you know. So I'm, I'm going from other people hosting me, and then me selling a membership to me, building all of it out myself, okay, and everything. So I'm really it's it's good. It's taken a lot longer than I planned,

[638:30] Dana Hernandez: same a lot, lot longer than I planned for for me as well, and I've had i. Like, I feel like I kind of just went back to the drawing board. Also, like, I'm rebuilding my website, you know, I'm hired someone for that. And I've had, I've been with Jeremiah through two, two thing, two life events that derailed me so but

[645:12] Speaker 4: I'm still, that's, that's kind of what I've gone through. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It happened. Happened to, you know, my vocation changed. I went from pastoring for 25 years now into coaching. So I have to wrap my head around it completely different. Yes, all my, I would say not all my beliefs, the majority of my beliefs had to be rethought. Yeah, so I had to detox from the religious aspects. But yeah. So anyway, the I kind of rehearse this every day I journal, and I've got this in my journal, and it was something that Adele had said, let me grab it real quick. I am building a wealth machine that, and it's going to require I, the way I wrote it out was it requires focus, fun, patience and action. So I have to keep in mind, I'm building a wealth machine. It takes time. Yes, it's all worth it, though. Yeah,

[663:09] Dana Hernandez: are you with Sandy as well? Am I with what Sandy Jeremiah's mom?

[664:33] Speaker 4: I was years ago? Okay, not presently,

[666:08] Dana Hernandez: okay, just because she does, she talks a lot about the same things as you know. Yeah,

[667:37] Speaker 4: right. Mindset is a lot of what I've had to walk through.

[669:12] Dana Hernandez: Oh, totally same me as well. Yeah,

[670:06] Speaker 4: it's very interesting that you know about the time that I start dealing with something is about the time that Jeremiah starts talking about it,

[672:48] Dana Hernandez: it's, yes, things are in line. So frequently It's

[674:14] Speaker 4: wild. It is, well, I'm going to jump off here. I don't have any

[676:06] Speaker 4: this in the background while I was working on some tech stuff. So Okay, jump into that. It was good chatting with you. Okay, You

[677:53] Dana Hernandez: too good Getting to know you.

[691:11] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, hello.

[691:35] Dana Hernandez: Brett just jumped off. He He doesn't have any copy. Oh, no, I don't necessarily either. But when I feel

[694:32] Speaker 0: I feel bad that everybody jumped off well, I

[695:27] Dana Hernandez: think he said he just kind of had it on the background. He wanted to see what it was about. And Sue said she got what she wanted. I I was able to make this one. I'm not. I'm not. Usually am but and also, when Sue said that she loved these calls. I was like, okay, like, I feel I'm like, finally ready to, yeah, back into things. So I was like, Okay, I want to see what this is about.

[701:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Swap cameras. Well, since you're the only one here, I mean, we can definitely take advantage of this time here. You swap cameras over here, I'm in my father in law's office room. So there we go. Yeah, I got a whole like monitor and everything here, and looks like the internet's working good. So cool, right? Video

[708:24] Dana Hernandez: in there. I just threw in something that I, you know that I filmed yesterday, I way back when, when I was still let me send my guy this GoDaddy code real quick. I hired someone to help redo my website and all of that. Yeah, since those are time sensitive, and partially what, what you said, too, when I was still very much in the thick of it, with with my wrist, is you talked about doing more of like, like, I think you mentioned sleep. You know you were like, you're so good at teaching. On so many different things, you know, pick like, pick something, and that can then I can later do like, the war, the warrior flow concept, so that, you know, that got got me thinking, want to move forward more with a holistic self defense model. I want, I want to test that out and try that, and that's just more life encompassing, like, like, yes, self defense, but also movement fitness. You know movement meal, you know how you eat, you know that that sort of stuff. So I want that to be my next free offer. And, yeah, copy it, but I just did a little video.

[731:04] Speaker 0: We can talk about that a little bit. Let me check out this. What's this video you posted?

[732:30] Dana Hernandez: Just a quick little like thing to put up on my social media and to start to start getting people more used to the term. Okay? In case it's like, I got, I got feedback from a couple of people. Doctor from one, okay. Like, is that term confusing? What term holistic self defense?

[738:48] Speaker 0: Oh, I don't think it's the I don't think it's confusing at all for like, the right group of people. It's very niche, for sure. I think it's a very specific type of person.

[741:25] Dana Hernandez: Okay, Tony Blauer, who teaches in the self defense space. I love this term because I'm extremely passionate about self defense and women knowing how to protect themselves. However, I am equally as passionate about eating clean, prioritizing sleep, priorit. Prioritizing your peace, boundaries, movement, strength training, snowboarding, all of the things. And to me, one can't work by itself without other components. So my definition of holistic self defense is when you are defending your entire health, mind, body, spirit, and that is what I'm going to help you do.

[755:33] Speaker 0: So what's missing from this is a call to action, something for you to directly tell them to take action on. I guess you're telling them it's coming up, but like, I would end it with that, I'd say, so pay attention to what's coming up on this page. And that's something we really want to do. We really want to be direct at calling people to action, to do something.

[761:44] Dana Hernandez: You're right. I frequently forget that.

[762:14] Speaker 0: Yeah, you know, I find too that, because

[765:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not that you're like trying to be controlling or overbearing with anybody by saying that you just, they just don't know and like that. That is in direct response marketing, nobody does anything unless we tell them to do it.

[769:36] Speaker 0: And it's very it can be kind of annoying. Like, to me, it's annoying, like, and my personality, I'm, like, I told you it is going to exist. You should go check it out. But like, you know, but like, I have to, like, say, Okay, go here, go, click this, go do this. Or I, here's what I I'm starting to understand even more, like the mindset and the mentality of people on social media. It social media lowers your it changes. I think you're like the way your brain waves are moving, you're more susceptible to being influenced. And so at that stage, people are not in a thinking mind. They want to be dictated to and told what to do. And it's very weird that, like we're literally as a culture, we know that this isn't good for us, and yet that's literally anybody who's on social media is just being inundated with messaging like that, and so you gotta kind of honor the platform of where it's at and where they're at with that, and even in direct response, Mark, I mean, it's interesting, though, social media is not the only thing. Television is that way. Direct Mail is that way when, when you're reading the mail, like, I don't do anything that comes in my mail unless it says to do something specifically, you know? I mean, so is there something with, like, human psychology, more than anything else that like, unless it's somebody that we are really close with and like, I'm talking like, in the online marketing space, like my mom has this with some people, but like, like obsessed, like, family level closeness, most people won't do anything unless we're very direct with telling people what to do. Okay, um. Mean, you know, because people are not, they're not going to read between the lines of anything we didn't say. They're they're going to listen. And then what ends up happening is they have an internal dialog of what we've said to process it. So anyways, that's just, that's why, like, as weird as it is, as annoying as it is. I saw, I saw a post on social media too. It's very interesting. If you can get past the fear of being annoying to people on the internet, you will print more money than the Federal Reserve. Oh, and I was like, You know what? That is so true, like it really is. It's like, we're like, we almost don't want to seem like we're asking too much. Of people online, right? When it's like, you really can't, because to us, it seems like we're asking a lot. But in the social media world, nobody unless they are cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs, is looking at every post years and analyzing how many times you told somebody to take action and listen, I have met those people the same thing over and over and over, I know, but like, that's literally, like, if you analyze the most, if I look at and we analyzed my most successful campaigns. That's why I like emailing twice a day. People are going to ignore 80% of the emails they get anyways. But the more times you email, the more times you you you make a call, a post, and you don't want it just to be calls to action. You want the call to action user to be at the bottom of something that kind of draws them in with their interest. So again, whether it comes to email marketing, whether it's a social media post, whether it's an advertisement, the direct call to action itself is never going to be the thing that gets them to want to watch the the ad or the video. It's whatever you begin the content with that grabs their attention, that's related to what they're really interested in already. So, like, here's a great example. We ran a great ad. I was talking about the many chat ads and all that. The one with Rick that did really well. It's is, it's like, it's like, if you're only making $70,000 a year, can you make more money without having to work more hours? So it started with that, but then by the end of it, he's like, Listen, if you want to know how to increase your income with digital courses, put, get started in the comments. But if you just started the video with like, if you want to know how to make more money with digital courses, that digital courses that wouldn't have landed, but starting it with something that's relevant to the audience, and then you're leading the conversation to that thing. You're you're leading it to that is the big is, is the big part of that? So again, if you look at and start to look, start to notice the social media content that you engage with. There's two different types of social media content. Number one, there's people who are just obsessed with engagement, likes and all that they're not selling anything. So I wouldn't pay attention to this, but I would notice, who do you know that's out there that is selling products, right? Mm, hmm. So if you're on your social media, if you're looking at ads, and this is something that I want to I really want to start emphasizing more to everybody here in our group, because I do this every day as I look at any ad that I see that grabs my attention, any ad that I See that's related to something, whether it be a webinar or a course, because that's the industry I'm in, right? If it's E commerce, I don't really pay attention. If it's an affiliate offer, I don't really pay attention. But it doesn't have to be my industry, but it has to have some kind of that modality, webinar, challenge, course, mini training. So anybody who's promoting those types of offers, and then I start seeing their content everywhere, and I'm starting to pay attention to notice. I start reverse engineering how they built out that piece of content that got my attention. And so, like, when we're creating ads, it's even just looking at, like, what are people responding to on the platform? It's always something that gets people's attention, that's related to what they're dealing with, that's shifting more and more too around what people's desires are versus what they're struggling with, more and more talking about what they desire. So holistic self defense. What are the desires of somebody with holistic self defense. They that upfront,

[875:51] Dana Hernandez: right? Yeah,

[876:48] Speaker 0: what are those? What

[877:10] Dana Hernandez: up front their desires, they

[878:38] Speaker 0: want to be. This is where you can use chat GPT to help with too. Yes,

[879:41] Dana Hernandez: I just had an. Interview with someone this morning. I got a good idea from, from a free little webinar with Stephen Cotler and the flow, because the flow stuff.

[883:20] Speaker 0: Oh, cool. Yeah, that's a good one,

[883:49] Dana Hernandez: yeah. So I did, I did a free thing on, you know, and of course, they had their pitch, but I knew I wasn't going to sign up with them, but what I did take away two good pieces of advice, and they talked about interviewing 1010, people that you know, you know, that are similar, that are your avatar, and you know. So I, I just had an interview with a woman this morning, and and I have questions written out so she wants she actually even had a little a self defense incident, and she's a little bit she's in her 60s. She wants to feel not physically tired anymore, and she wants to not feel scared. She had a little incident at a gas station, and it scared her, and this was recently, and she wants to lose weight. So those are, those are the main three things that I got from that interview with her. And weight loss, of course, is always a, it's a, it's a never you know, as we all know it's, it's, it's a never ending common thing. But a lot of women tell me they they don't want to feel scared. And also, she didn't, she didn't use her voice during that incident. So learning, learning how to use the voice, is a common thing that comes out of when I have self defense stuff.

[904:34] Speaker 0: So I want to show you how I prompted the AI. And again, this isn't in the prompt document. This is me just knowing how to use AI differently and how to pull the data out of it better. So what are the main desires somebody who wants holistic health and self defense? This is all boiler plate, like you don't none of that is like good stuff. That's just, we know that. Dive deeper. What are some hooks for marketing? Act as an expert in this. These still aren't good. But the third layer that I asked it, I said, Can you get more interesting in pulling people in with a question to begin something that doesn't sound like everyone else? Sound like everyone else and is unique. Ever wondered what it feels like to harness the power of both your body and your mind? That's pretty cool, melt away stress while learning to protect yourself,

[917:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: looking for a place where you can both feel stronger, feel supported, and so again, I want this to be more Actually, I'll affirm it. Those are good. You're on the right track. So by the way, I like to do that with AI is affirm it so that it knows, stay in that lane. But can you make it more around?

[923:23] Speaker 0: Who? Holistic, holistic health, fitness, body, mind, all of that less about emotional Overall, though, on a new round, because I want to be a little bit less about just emotions. Here's more refined hooks. Uh, what are you going to optimize your body and mind simultaneously, ready to achieve top physical and mental clarity. Want to embark on a journey of complete wellness. Mind, body to feel stronger. I like that one to feel stronger, to feel like nothing can stop you, nobody can hurt you. You're safe at all times, no matter what situation you're in, like language like that, I think would pull in more around like, like or Now, check this out. And this is now. This is where the AI, with my brain, pulls in a hook. I just had an idea it was like, what if you could, in any situation, feel confident that you knew exactly what to do. You felt strong enough you knew you weren't scared going into certain situations. You know how to handle every situation, and your mind and body were in physical top shape, like you could lean something around that. As far as that goes with the ad, so good. So it's like, it's kind of like leaning a little bit around the essence of holistic self defense. And that's why that, like the AI, is so valuable, because you can really like dialog with it to kind of pull out some of those different ideas, okay, and then inspire you so like what I would do anytime using AI these days now, I am not considering it to be a trusted resource at all for marketing. What I'm using it for is to inspire my own subconscious. It's like what I was reading there, I was using it to kind of bring me a little bit closer subconsciously to what I think would be better language. So the idea is like, and that's that's something for you to do and start. Like train your mind to do. And this is why I think there's a there's it's so valuable to start to become super confident in your own like your own words and your ability to articulate things. Mm, hmm, and, and not necessarily, it needing to be perfect, but like what feels right to you when it comes to creating ads. So is there a science to that? Probably not, but I feel like the AI is the one piece that I love to use, because it gets me about 90% to the finish line, and now I'm using my own mind to do that 10% that final 10% that I add to it is the difference maker between a successful campaign and one that isn't lately, right? Is what I found. Because, like just using the AI language, it's like, it's not the AI was great when nobody was using AI. Now everybody's using it. So all of our marketing campaign, like the cop, the copywriting that we have in the world today is the best we've ever had. I think that's one of the biggest things that's happened with payout, is that copywriting was only human based. And by the way, this is how we wrote the best copy years ago. We would pull up other campaigns, and they would inspire us into how to write. So the AI helps us. It inspires us on how to write and how to articulate.

[985:57] Dana Hernandez: But it's like so it needs to be personalized. It needs to sound like me, yours needs to sound like you,

[987:34] Speaker 0: sound like the inner dialog of the person you're talking to. Oh, okay, so that's one of the things, is it's not necessarily to sound like you. The context of it needs to come from you. Um, but it's not always going to sound, I mean, you know, it's not going to sound like you all the time. And that's one that's, by the way, is actually something that I think doesn't help mentors and coaches. Is what we try too much to like everything needs to sound like me. We're disconnected from connecting with our audience. I see because we're expecting them to know what we mean, what we feel, and to be at our level already. So like for me, when I'm marketing, I have a way different way that I talk and communicate and things like that in my own internal dialog. If I sounded like me, like the most like me, quote, unquote, like that, I would talk. None of my marketing would hit very well. Okay, what I have to do is I have to look at the people that I'm reaching like, how, how do they think? How do they talk? And part of the issue with that is like they're because we're helping them shift their mindset, we end up saying things that maybe it's like, Okay, I've overcome insecurity in this area before, but I need to show that I understand what it's like and actually sound like them in that now, it's not that we're taking on that identity, right? Okay? But, but we are. It's a it's a resonating frequency. It's a resonant energy. Is really what it is to the person that we're looking to reach is not state, but in their it's basically like their best state.

[1019:20] Dana Hernandez: Is that the meeting them where they're at,

[1020:18] Speaker 0: yeah, okay, yeah, meeting them where they're at, okay, is about the language you use, resonating with how they would like their very best version of themselves would talk to them, okay, so like that. So that's how I see it okay,

[1024:35] Dana Hernandez: because, like,

[1024:48] Speaker 0: the best version of my clients is how I need to communicate on my webinars and my ads, okay? And that's super, like, affirmative, encouraging. Believes that the impossible is possible, really starts casting vision for like what is hoped for, but maybe isn't, hasn't been believed until this moment in time, and so that's how we're able to then transfer that energy of belief.

[1036:48] Dana Hernandez: Can you send me the that chat that you had and how? Yeah, definitely, because how you prompted it got you,

[1039:06] Speaker 0: yeah, got some pretty good stuff.

[1039:44] Dana Hernandez: Yeah. Like, it got it got you way better stuff, like you said, further down, yeah, then like the generic stuff higher up,

[1042:35] Speaker 0: yeah. And usually you got to do that with the AI is you got to prompt it a few times. I put it under your video that you posted in the group. Okay, cool.

[1045:26] Dana Hernandez: I've heard you say that. And I, and I, you know, I, I definitely got out of practice and, you know, and then I, and then I had so much vet work, which, you know, thank, thank God I did because, because it kept me afloat, you know, and all of that. And now the

[1049:51] Speaker 0: email that went out today, have the wrong time in it.

[1050:32] Dana Hernandez: Oh, yeah, yeah. It's so it said 12pm and I just didn't even think it said 12pm okay. And then when I was waiting, and then I went into a Facebook I'm like, Oh yeah, duh, he said, he said the time changed for everything. I

[1057:15] Dana Hernandez: Okay, okay, this is this is good. This is helpful. This is very helpful. Well,

[1059:50] Speaker 0: that might also be why there weren't more people on the call. Oh,

[1061:04] Dana Hernandez: that's true. That's true. How many people are usually on this one? On average, about the same amount. Oh, okay, so a lot of people join it. Okay,

[1064:56] Speaker 0: okay, yeah, I will send out something about the the time being off.

[1069:44] Dana Hernandez: Okay, my plan, here's my I would love your feedback as just one last thing I'm planning on doing, I don't know. Maybe I'll call it a soft launch. I'm going to, I want to give this a try. To to, you know, to get back into the swing, the swing of holding a launch again, to like my email to basically a warm most, a mostly warm audience. My email list on my socials, people that know me versus running paid ads for this first free Okay, do you think that's lame, dumb. What are your thoughts on that? Um,

[1083:03] Speaker 0: what are you looking for?

[1083:36] Dana Hernandez: I mean, I want people to join it. Get used to holistic self defense. Um, eventually I do want to hold group trainings. And I still, I'm still not super clear on how I want that to look, if I want it to look, if it's going to look different than you know, then, when I did launches before, but at at least a weekly group, I just, I want to hold a free one to see how people like it, get any feedback, see how I feel holding it, and just kind of just kind of try it without any paid ads. And,

[1093:40] Speaker 0: okay, yeah. I then just to test it out, do that and see how people respond to it. Don't get Yes, disappointed, like if there's not a lot of people who show up, because, right again, without advertising, it's really difficult to push it in front of the right amount of people. But

[1098:30] Dana Hernandez: yeah, yeah, more than Yeah. Get people's response, you know, get get feedback from whoever attended. Because even though it's, you know, it's probably going to be a few still want to get their feedback, see, see what I can alter, and then jump into something paid hopefully. Okay, aiming. I'm aiming to do this by the end of this month, I want to kind of just move, you know, move quickly, get a few emails out, put it on my socials, go through it, get feedback, and then do a more official version with paid stuff, most likely next month.

[1107:52] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, yeah, that sounds like a good approach.

[1109:17] Dana Hernandez: Okay, I think it's a good way to to get me back into it again.

[1110:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: The biggest thing is to get something out there that's promoting to people, to get them on your email list, to get them in front of you. Just making content alone isn't going to be enough to really kind of to do that. Okay, so that's why we want to make sure that we're we're actually

[1116:22] Speaker 0: putting offers out there to get people to join us on our email list, to get people to to come to events with us. Where we can deliver presentations, to come to to, like, hear us talk about the thing that we're doing, and to actually come spend time with us in a setting where we're able to do that one. And that's why, like my mom, there was an event locally for a fitness influencer. It was a woman's like, self defense class thing, and it was a local thing. And the idea was, is, like, she got a bunch of people that were really excited. They invited all their friends to it. All of that. It was essentially this, like, two hour class. It taught a lot, but then it was to enroll people into a higher level program. And so that's what you like, that's exactly it is you want to figure out, like, what is something that you can teach people, that they want, that you can deliver, you can invite them into a class with you, spend that time with them, and then on that, that's when you again, you be very direct, and you end up selling them on the thing that you have next. As far as that goes,

[1136:43] Speaker 3: okay? Okay, right, okay, cool,

[1138:03] Speaker 0: awesome. Well, it doesn't look like there's anybody else on here, so I'm going to log off. Okay. But, yeah, okay, thank

[1140:26] Dana Hernandez: you.

[1140:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, thank you.

[1141:33] Dana Hernandez: See you. Monday, Yes, bye.

