CGA - LIVE Copywriting Rewrite Day
Date: 2024-02-08T23:01:08.000Z
Duration: 163 min
Otter ID: KT-NEHEKeqBNgH5SzpxiOFDCJYc
---

[1:45] Speaker 0: All right

[20:04] Speaker 1: All righty

[21:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello hello hello welcome into our sales copywriting call. Let me see something do we send the right link out?

[29:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Normally we have dozens of people on here. Ya know, it looks like the right link. Right Link was sent. So there we go got the link from the group. Yeah, we send an email out that goes out to and it has the link in it. But sometimes there's not a

[36:54] Speaker 1: everybody gets it or knows that it's happening or things like that. So what's up, Dorothy? How are you?

[38:39] Speaker 2: I'm good. I'm good. Yeah.

[39:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what the the link in the email was correct, right?

[40:39] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's actually I'll have to send you all we could share the screen I can show you. Because that might be an old bit of coffee. Oh,

[43:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, no, I don't. I haven't checked the email. Can you send it to me somewhere on here? Sure. Yes, I can. I don't I don't check our email account. That's not something that I do. Okay, so just quickly grab it. As far as that goes. Yeah. And so I want to put the link right here. Go. Awesome. Oh, we had a time where it was like, no, but like, not very many people. Normally, I have like a ton of people like in the waiting room. Like when we launched. That's why I was like, okay, the link was the link work. We had to happen once in like a year and a half of the links were wrong. Yeah. And that was the week that my girl who does all that was getting married, so I had some grace for that. I'm not a not a hard nosed boss, but I I told her I said, let's make sure it doesn't happen again, please. And if it does, that's okay. We'll figure it out. What's up? How are you? So Dorothy, let's dive into this. Can you get me the copy?

[60:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm just literally, hopefully that's gone in

[61:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: or maybe send it over Facebook Messenger as far as that goes. So Dorothy is one of my one on one clients. We actually just got done with a 30 minute kind of micro session with her. And gosh, it was it was pretty powerful. I felt refreshed off that call. Oh,

[66:24] Speaker 2: that's great. Yeah. feel refreshed, Dorothy? I did. I did. Yeah, it was it was just the right sort of inspiring chat to think me to know where I need to go with my copywriting right off to you in the chat. Messenger chat because perfect. It's not going to perfect.

[71:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what I want to do just kind of at the beginning here since we're kind of getting going and people watch the recording and things like that is I have been teaching we've been doing these copywriting calls like a year and a half. And I'll just I'll just tell you all this I there's a lot shifting in my life right now in a positive way. It's really good, it's fun. But whenever that happens, I get brand new ideas for business as far as that goes. And So I am developing, and we're going to develop it kind of together. But I have the beginnings stages of kind of a brand new method for writing sales copy with AI that I've not ever taught before. And again, we have a, we have incredible courses that are in the members area, copywriting, mastery, copywriting, sales, copy, chat, GPT. None of those are outdated. Those are great. The sales copy mastery with chat GPT course, is it's super recent, but they've changed how you even use chat GPT since I recorded that, and they made it better and easier to use. So that's the cool part about it. Whenever Facebook makes a change, and it's always 10 times harder, sadly, with the ads, whenever chat GPT makes a change, it's always 10 times easier to get your results. So that's what I think is so cool. GBT is like my lover. And Facebook is like, you know, the narcissistic boyfriend girlfriend that like you don't want to talk to but like they, they you still have a kid with them. So you got to see each other. I was I was working with, with somebody on Facebook ads. I'm like, honestly, Zuckerberg is like a mafia boss that like I'm paying protect protection from, and I hate it.

[102:36] Speaker 1: Because he runs everything. And it's still the best way to get clients. That's the crazy part about it. Like every other way of getting clients right now, I strongly believe and if I changed my mind on this, okay, great.

[106:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's still the best way to attract the right laser focused clients in your business is with Facebook and Facebook ads. And so it's like, I would love to not have to use Facebook ads, but currently, it's still the best thing. And so on to the method of copywriting. Okay, so I see your copy here, Dorothy, and this is great. The method includes the method includes I have to turn my phone off. The method includes having conversations, and I think this is the part that I've never talked about, that I always did with one on one clients, that I had trouble translating the people on like a do it yourself type level for yourself. Because my mission is this, that you get this out of here that you get the same level of result, as if you and I were working together every single day. Because whenever I've worked with people every single day on their copy, they've gotten really good results. So I want to impart to you a process that will do that. And let me explain really fun what that is. There's a tool that I use for copywriting. More than anything else, for sales copy for ads for email marketing, for everything I do in my life, that's related to writing words that have to sell things. And the tool is called otter AI. Okay, so otter is right here. And these are different, like transcripts and recordings, you can import video files right here, we're gonna have to create a course on probably using otter, but it's pretty simple for most people to learn, because it really only kind of does one thing. And it just takes any form of media and transcribes it. And it's really intelligent at transcribing and separating out who was having the conversation. So this is my business otter AI account. And what it does is I don't really use their, like summaries that they generate, but there's a transcript here of like our meetings, and it'll leave and I can go in and label who the person is it'll pay attention to like, if I reference to the person is it'll grab their name and throw it in there, that they're connected through zoom, it's able to do that, too. So otter AI is transcribing all of the conversations that we're having inside of our program, all of our zoom calls and all of that as far as that goes. I'm not sure if they have they have a lot of really large investors probably because they're wanting the data. That's the thing with the world today is everybody's wanting the data from everybody else. And so I would bet that they they have various like pricing tiers like this. One thing that I don't know if they have is because they don't really talk about it is that they have any that are like HIPAA compliant. So they talk about security, but they don't talk about like HIPAA compliance. So if you're using this for therapy or licensed therapist calls or medical site type of stuff, this probably is not necessarily compliant for that. But outside of like the medical world, I had a client that actually does medical stuff, and he's like, I can't use it. I'm like, okay, Well, that's fine. Like, but what you could do is you can have private conversations as far as that goes. And so their solution is it's they sell it as this sort of media tool. And I actually have, there's like, there's marketing pages here, it's important for me to cover this, if you're like, hey, Jeremiah, can you just get to the copywriting and all that, realize that, that, that our process for you to write copy comes from you, learning how to use this tool, and it's gonna save you literally years of banging your head against the wall. So I understand maybe you want to learn, copy, and you want me to teach you that and you want me to just do that right now. But I would rather you not spend the next year struggling. So I don't mean that to be like really harsh. That kind of sounded really harsh. As far as that goes. I just I host calls like this. And a lot of people they get really upset that I'm not getting to the point of the thing, and I'm talking about things that they feel are completely irrelevant to the conversation. So it may seem from your perspective, that otter AI is completely irrelevant to copywriting. It's, it's actually one of the number one tools that I've used that has made my copywriting much better is using otter AI to transcribe our sessions. And so what I do is I otter AI brings in like our coaching sessions, it brings in my conversations with people, it brings in our VIP sessions, my q&a sessions, but they also have a really cool app on the phone that can take voice memos, and you can quickly upload it in there from a voice memo on your phone in the otter AI. It also if you're on Android has a one click record and transcribe button. That's your if so Android is very difficult to do voice memos with. It's not built for that very well. Otter has a button that you're able to do that on your phone, and it automatically starts transcribing what you're talking about. So I started using this even in my own personal life, I went for a drive the other day, I was really struggling to come up with some sales copy and some ideas for it was how I wanted to express something in one of my presentations, actually. So it wasn't necessarily written copy, but it was sales presentation wise. And I literally just model logged into honor AI for 35 minutes while I drove around. Just whatever was off the top of my mind and things like that. And then I asked it, I brought that into chat, GBT and I asked it questions about really what my stream of consciousness talking was. So I wasn't necessarily using it as content I was gonna put out there, I'm gonna be honest, it wasn't anything I want to publish with anybody. It was kind of if we wanted to, like publish it, it would have been the dark, angry feelings of an internet marketer is what I would call it. It was like, it was just like some of the stuff that was really bugging me about people that I have on my webinars and things like that, and some of the negative stuff like that. But I just wanted to like express it and kind of just get it out there and see what that was. And then I wanted to look objectively at kind of like, is there a way to maybe reframe some of these thoughts and these beliefs in a way to even express how I feel without it coming across in a way that looks like I just like, hate everybody, because I don't hate everybody. I love everybody. It's amazing. And I was able to use it for that. But here's how I've been using it for sales copy. And this is how we're gonna be able to do it here today. This is why this all of this was important. Because I've been using it for coaching and I've been using it for sales copy is when I have a conversation with somebody about their business. That conversation, if I'm learning how to flow in the conversation better and we're able to connect even spiritually.

[222:05] Speaker 1: Again, some of y'all are like Jeremiah, just teach logic. Just teach black and white. I don't want nothing spiritual here. I just want what's practical, repeatable proven?

[225:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nothing woowoo. And I'm like, here's the thing, that's not me. I think that there's a blend of logic and spirituality. And so if that's you, totally fine. I understand that. There's other people, they're like, can you remove the logic from it? Can you remove the technology? Can we just keep it spiritual? And I'm like, no, because that's also not me as well. I I'm kind of both, I guess you would say describe it even as like right and left brain at the same time. And I don't know there's a lot of stuff around that. What I do, and I have a methodology and it's what I really want to unpack and teach as the part that I maybe I'm not so good at teaching. I have a feeling Ariadne would be really good at teaching this to people is how to have those really deep connective spiritual conversations and how to connect on that level, even if somebody isn't open to that kind of spirituality, because we all speak from spirit, and

[243:04] Speaker 1: I see Brenda's on here, you know, the Bible says, We wrestle not with flesh and blood, but with principalities and powers, and spirit. And so there you go. That's what I pulled from it from that is that it's not just

[246:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, like, it's actually like, there's a lot of multi dimensions to it. And so for me, whenever I'm having a conversation with a client, my very best sales copy comes from emotional connection, not practical connection. One of the biggest mistakes that marketers and coaches make is keeping it only practical. Now, there's no heart connection involved, that there's no heart involved in how things are. To send me your copy, you can either paste it in here, you could share a Google doc link in here. You could share a chat GBT link, you could, I think you could just paste it in here, though, the best probably easiest way Google Doc and share it in here. So what I, what I really encourage people to do, and I dive into this with people, the number one mistake that people make with their sales copy. And this is from a practical standpoint, it has nothing to do with spirituality. And this is probably something that I that I could like help y'all understand. And this is probably one of the deepest levels of understanding about sales copy that. I know people that have been doing sales copy for 10 years, and they still don't even understand 10% Of what I'm about to say is the biggest mistake. So understand that like literally you could be doing it your whole life and you still don't fully some people just don't understand it as well, I really struggled to understand this for a long time. You have to get very,

[270:36] Speaker 0: very

[271:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: specific with the words that you write. Not general, not vague, not trying to be, you know, super inclusive. And that's one of the issues that I think people struggle with is that your copy, if it's if it's way too inclusive, can actually cause more problems than help people. And this is why a lot of people teach against what I'm saying. Because this is one of the biggest problems that they have with like the bro marketing strategies, and that it's way too like dismissive of certain groups of people. And it's only about like people that are like them as far as that goes. So what I say is, I want you to get specific about the type of person that is going to be your best client. Your best client, again, for me, as always, around what produces the financial results first. And then it comes secondary to the financial results is going to be the impact and the connection when it comes to your sales copy, and this is why most coaches and mentors, especially if they're really really good at connecting with people, and coaching had the hardest time with writing really specific sales copy. Because oftentimes, it it violates a lot of the core standards of their of their of their their beliefs, and what they think is even right and ethical and okay to be able to do this. And what you want to lead with is you want to lead with and this is the part that really gets people you want to lead with the fantasy version of the future that they have in their mind. And I had a conversation with some people generally it's the people who have the most problem with this. It's usually Christians that I talked to, because there's 1001 Bible verses against fantasy and against, you know, assuming that you know, the matters of the heart, and also not leading people astray. And there's Bible verses about teachers being held to a higher standard, and not leading people down a path of destruction that will harm them and things like that. And what's crazy is the best sales copy is actually able to tap into the hidden addictions that your client has. That they don't want to tell people about the stuff that they don't talk about the stuff that they hide Need the most. So the best sales copy is very specific at tapping into the fantasy and actually validating the addictions that people have to the point that you may appear to be encouraging harmful action to people that will destroy them. And that's the best sales copy that produces the very greatest result, and best result with your Facebook ads. So the problem is, is that most coaches, their entire methodology is built around taking people out of their fantasy and addictions, and getting them to the thing that's going to actually have them live their very best LIFE and the TRUTH that they deliver. Right. Some people believe that this even is dishonest to do this, I don't believe it's any of that. I don't believe it's unethical. I don't believe that it's dishonest. And I don't believe that it violates anybody's spirituality to do with I'm talking about right here for sales copy. But I have had clients who they have they, they have not just canceled with me, but they have actually gone on a rampage to make sure that nobody works with me again, when I teach this. And I've not brought this to the table to our group coaching for fear of people trying to destroy my business, here's the thing. I have no fear anymore of anybody trying to destroy my business of anybody going and telling their friends, hey, you shouldn't work with Jeremiah, because he's a wolf in sheep's clothing that's trying to devour people's hearts and destroy everything that God built up in them. I had somebody tell me that when I was teaching this once, I was I was the marketing director for a Christian university called Christ for the Nations Institute in Dallas.

[351:12] Speaker 1: And I brought this training to them and and they actually stood up and they told me you are teaching us to manifest demons to destroy all the legacy that was built here.

[354:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then they proceeded to cuss me out and quit working for the organization because the head leader said, I don't think Jeremiah is doing that at all actually think he's helping people a lot. And they said, Well, if you're gonna do what this guy says, I believe that he believed he believed that he bleep bleep. And I hope this whole place burns to the ground, and he left and he quit. And so like that is actually the response that I often get from a lot of people. A lot of people, okay, so understand that learning the right way to do this, which is being wise as a serpent and harmless as a dove, I want you to always be harmless to your clients. That's the thing. You're always going to be harmless to your clients, I never want to bring harm to my clients at all. And that is a standard that I live by is not being harmless to anybody. I was messaging a friend of mine today, who was a pastor. And I said this, here's the thing I am wise as a serpent with a little bit of extra snake on top. But I am 100% Possibly more harmless than a dove.

[377:50] Speaker 1: As far as it goes with implementing this for you. And so if you can hear my heart is I want this to and this is I think the part that maybe some people misunderstand is there's a spectrum to how you apply them.

[381:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a spectrum that I don't think is black and white for everybody. I think that some people can lean more towards this and others are less. And it's really whatever you feel the most comfortable and what's most in alignment with whatever your niche and offer is. And so that's what I encourage people to do. I teach a lot of ministries, even how to do this in their marketing. But like oftentimes, like I said, the Christians have the hardest time with it. So I'm like, listen, back it off to the point that you feel comfortable and like just stop there. And that'll work great. You know, if you if it's anything that makes you feel uncomfortable, I don't want you to do it. I like that's great, that's awesome. But I want you to go and push the envelope and possibly challenge some of those beliefs about what you're comfortable to do. And that is one of the things that I that I encourage here when it comes to reading your sales copy in this group. Is that challenging what we feel comfortable in? Okay, so all of that to say what I do to write the best sales copy is I actually have really deep conversations about this right here with people about what they feel comfortable with. And I don't Push the envelope as far as it goes. But what I do is I take it right to the edge of what that is. And if I and if you do that in any sort of normal relationship that's not healthy at all. It's not a healthy way of building relationship. It's not a healthy way of connecting with people because you're, you're up one day down another and there's a lot of emotional roller coasters going on. Have you studied anything about narcissistic abuse and psychopaths, that's what they do. That's how they control people. That's how they hook people in is by creating such a up and down emotion. So the problem is when we write sales copy, we have to simulate for that. We have to simulate for what those emotional ups and downs are. And so this is why some of the very best sales copywriters are some of the most narcissistic psychopaths at their core. And the problem is a true narcissist, I believe clinically has no empathy. They fake empathy, to hide from people. I've asked my therapist, I'm like, gosh, like, Am I any of those things? And they're like, No, you have way more empathy than most of our clients. So I'm not concerned with that. It's the fact is you spent, as I grew up with so many narcissists and psychopaths, that were mentors to me growing up as a child that I picked up on a lot of those different strategies. And, and I've had to unlearn every single thing that that was really taught to me. Most of it came in from the pastor of the church I grew up in, he was probably one of the most psychopathic people I've ever met in my life. And I actually lived at their house for months at a time when my mom was building her business. And he was one of the most verbally abusive people that I've ever met with his wife. And I remember hiding behind a couch with him yelling at his wife screaming at her to obey Him. And that was an example of a good husband. So I've had to unlearn that that's not a model for success as a leader, that's not a model for success as a husband, that that's not a model for success as a coach or a mentor, that trying to tell people this is the hot my way or the highway is not a model for success. As I'll tell you this, I want to tell you this, maybe you disagree with what I shared right here about that with sales copy. But there might be one element of it that you can pull from that's going to help you with this. And this is the element that I think's gonna help everybody is learning to simulate for the up and down emotions of some of the most triggering situations in your clients lives. Let me say that, again. We want to simulate, because we're not actually doing it. If we actually did it, that would not be ethical, or, or good. But you know how like in military, they simulate for combat situations, VR simulation, things like that, to train themselves to understand how to respond under pressure in certain situations, things like that. And so what I like to do is this, as I like to simulate for those up and down emotions that the potential client may feel before they actually jump into this. So we're going to be going into some sales copywriting and I'm going to show you how to practically do this for you. And I'm going to walk you through how to do this because I want you to be able to do it in your own time. And what's amazing is chat, GBT is a simulator. It's a simulator. You're able to have chat, GBT take on the persona and a role of the target client for how they respond. And it's able to respond to you in a way that they would as far as that goes. And then what you're able to do is then you're able to translate that right back into sales copy. And so what's really cool is you're able to chat GBT simulate as if it is a local real estate agent that wants biblical training on how to get more clients, you're able to simulate for a person that's walking on a spiritual awakening that wants to really discover their divine feminine energy. Right. But here's the thing, we know that somebody who's experiencing that they have ups and downs in their life. That's the human experience, I think. I think like ups and downs emotionally are a big part of the reality of being a person. The reality of being

[474:01] Speaker 1: human. And, you know, here's the thing, I draw lessons from stoicism, the meditations of Marcus Aurelius and things like that. But I think that the idea of just shutting off your emotions is completely bullshit. And it's not good and it's not something that we should do and we should actually learn how to

[479:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: learn how to navigate different types of human Emotions, what I look for. And that's why I work with a therapist is so that emotions don't control me. So that they don't cause me to basically the emotions now take the driver's seat, because that's what my that's what my one year old does. Right? He doesn't know necessarily how to regulate his emotions as well, but he's learning really quickly. He's learning the fact that like, you know, daddy, he loves playing with daddy for hours, but daddy also has to go and meet with the people on the computer. And he can't stand the daddy made with the people on the computer, but he loves the fact that daddy is able to

[490:37] Speaker 1: go out and buy him toys. And so and then there's new toys that Daddy can play with. Like, he's actually starting to learn that I think my son thinks I go upstairs and I just play with cars and toys and video games all day long. Because that's basically like, if he kind of my my son actually comes in plays in my office throughout the day, we come in and play in here. And he's always gravitated towards the video games. And I got this, he's been obsessed with this, he ripped apart the box, because he loves this little Corvette, right? Here he goes.

[499:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Car, it's a car is what it is. And he loves cars, he's obsessed with cars.

[500:43] Speaker 1: And so but like, he's not necessarily able to regulate his emotions fully. And that's what I think we all need to learn, because you want to know what it takes to be able to write good sales copy, it takes you being able to simulate the emotional up and down without it taking you off the deep end, and now you're having a bad day.

[506:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would write sales copy for my clients. And I would then my whole day would be ruined because I was tapping into some really hard stuff. They're overwhelmed their frustration with Facebook ads, their frustration with their technology, the chaos of having kids all around them and all of that their chaos of having not making enough money in their business, right? Because I'm experiencing in my life, my business is a seven figure business. But I'm helping people that are not there right now. So I actually have to understand what that is like what's going on in the mind of my client. And, and I believe we can't read people's minds at all. We can get clues that we can validate, we can run experiments, and we can figure out is this true? Or is this not? And so the AI is a simulator tool, to help us be able to do that. So I'm gonna show you how to use that. And we're gonna do that with the sales copy. And so we're going to start with Dorothy, she sent me hers first. And then we're going to take this a step further with I think Ariadne was next on here. And then we'll be here pretty much until I think everybody is kind of done with this here today. As far as that goes, was this resonating with everybody? Does anybody have questions before I go forward? Does anybody have any concerns, any worries? Any, any things that maybe isn't?

[529:35] Brenda Chambliss: I just wanted to say I've, I've gotten a lot out of it so far. And I was thinking about how artificial intelligence simulates human intelligence. That's

[532:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. Yeah. It's not even that good at it, though. It's really bad at it. It's really bad at simulating human intelligence, it's not very good at it. So that's one of the things we have to accept the limitations of the tools that we have today.

[536:55] Brenda Chambliss: But, you know, they'll write the prompts that we use, well,

[538:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: even the prompts aren't that good. So that's the problem. So what it takes is, it actually takes it takes you You are

[541:12] Speaker 1: the way I see AI is it really is like a ship that you're steering the direction of and you're the one that decides, are we going to go to Mexico or are we going to go to Australia, because without a human to guide it, it's going to end up in Antarctica, and you didn't end up where you wanted to go and now you're freezing cold with the penguins. And while that might be cute. I want to hang out with koala bears, right? And so that's the that's what ends up happening most people 99% of people's experience with AI is that they want to create copy that attracts koala bears and it's attracting penguins.

[550:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then they're talking to penguins and they're like why can't y'all climb a tree? Why can't y'all do this and the people are like we're penguins. Hello You know, and it's not that there's anything wrong with a penguin you know, I there's there's a quote that's attributed I don't know if Albert Einstein actually said it.

[557:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a I don't think it's Albert Einstein actually I think it's just a quote that people say to that sound smart guy. Nobody knows who's actually said it. That's it. It, it's one of those that just sounds smart, but it's Miss attributed, but it's really good whoever said it, everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its life believing that it is stupid. And then that, and that's powerful, because a lot of us might be a koala bear. And we've been in environments that are telling us that we need to be a whale. And we're getting judged by the fact that we can't eat sharks. But we can climb a tree really, really well. And we can carry another little baby koala bear on our back really, really well.

[573:33] Speaker 1: So what you want to do is you want your you want your, your copy to align with the right, the right bait is what it is. And again, that like the English language is so brash, in some of its meaning. And so that's why I use two words that again, not everybody resonates with until I explain it, the two words that I use with effective sales copy is it needs to be enticing. And just a little bit of seduction

[581:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: in there. So a little bit of seduction. And I look at this as when I talk about even romantic relationships when I met my wife. That was how I communicated if I was using too much seduction, because she also has the same fate. She'd be like, yeah, no, that didn't happen, right.

[587:36] Speaker 1: But like, I had to be enticing, I had to be exciting. I had to be something that made her excited to hang out with to get to know. And we dated for four years before we got married.

[591:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: against everybody around us telling us that was a bad idea. I had a lot of people tell because I bought her a car and a house before we got married, and I had a bunch of guys telling me Listen, Dude, she's gonna I guarantee you she's about to run and steal your stuff. She didn't. Because I knew her. I got to know her a lot better. And I really understood that and but like, I had to learn even like, what was the like? How do I attract? Because attraction, that's what it is you're attracting, you're attracting the right person that you're looking for. Whenever we're attracting anything, we have to use what is enticing, and pulls people in to that. And so your ad has to be the right level of attraction with the right pieces in there to bring in the right group. So we don't want to attract alligators. We want to attract butterflies. Is that Is that a good analogy? Maybe? Or does that feel kind of off? Okay. Because that's and that's what ends up happening. A lot of people, they want to attract butterflies. And they end up with their copy nine times out of 10. When I look at their copy, and I can because I've written so much copy, I can tell what this is going to attract. And I'm like that's probably going to attract skeletons from the morgue. And you want to attract vibrant ladybugs and butterflies and have this beautiful garden and all of that right? And you're attracting like dead bones that are like, like, okay, and I get it, Brenda, you're gonna laugh. I read a zekiel I understand it. But listen, we don't have to work that hard. You know what I'm saying? Right? There's a verse of the Bible about like, robbery life to dead bones. And I'm like, listen, we don't have to work that hard. It's so funny. It's so hilarious. But like, Brenda, what I love is I love in the book of Paul, he became Jew to the Jew, Greek to the Greek and all that that's kind of what I use. So anyways, I'm using this because I really want to help Brenda, understand some of this. It's becoming in appearance, like the person that you're looking to attract. And that's what it is. It's not that you're changing yourself. Because when the alignment happens, they're the same thing.

[633:11] Speaker 1: They're connected, they're interconnected. So it's not that I'm this wolf, and I'm gonna try trying to attract sheep. Even though that's what people have accused me of. I might be a baby Wolf. Let's try to bring in more baby wolves. Okay, that's what it is. Because that's the thing. We're all the same. We're loving this. And it's funny. We live in a culture today and it's like we don't want to categorize people and we don't want to say separate, we want you to deal with all these people that are out there. And we're all the same. And we're all it's like Ellison. At our DNA core. Yeah, that is true. But it's like, our experiences are different. And our human experiences are different, right? So how can I possibly teach you how to write sales copy for such a wide range of human experiences without doing one on one calls with you? It's practically impossible. In fact, it really is. And that's why oftentimes, to really help people dial in their sales KPI, I have to do one on one sessions, I have to host one on one, I have to spend time with them. Because there's some stuff that like you don't want to put out there in the group. There's some stuff that you don't want to talk about. So I understand that, and I honor that, but I want to do is I want to train you how to be able to do that on your own. And that's what we're gonna be unpacking and doing more of that I'm gonna, and I'm gonna demonstrate as much as I can, in a public atmosphere, we can do this. So Dorothy, let's take a look at your sales copy right here.

[655:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't planning on this, like being a training, we've never done the sales copy call as a training. And I'm gonna clip that, and I'm probably going to put that in one of the courses, then I can refer back to it. So we don't have to ever have to say, but I just said again, on one of these calls, because then every single copywriting call that we've done over the last year, I just go right into the sales copy right at 11 o'clock, and we get started, we start doing that. So we're going to now dive into that, but I had to set that foundation because that is the new method of writing sales copy that I've never actually taught. But it's what I have always known how to do. And I've always done with people. And I've always tried to explain it, but I've never quite explained it that way. And what's interesting is I did not use chat GPT to come up with how to explain that that was literally just right from here, which is awesome. So let's take a look at your copy right here, I'm gonna pull this up in the chat GPT. And we're gonna take a look at this. And we're going to really kind of dive into this. So this is why the prompts are so key as we're simulating to understand the emotions of the client. Okay, so you have your copyright here, unlock your potential for relaxation and rejuvenation with energy, divine yoga. And so here's one of the fun things that I would like to do for you to write your sales copy as I want you to go like this. Generate me an image that best represents the following example.

[678:04] Speaker 1: Okay, and this is how you know, what is aligned with your sales copy. And what it is, it might not necessarily be like an image of because if I took my sales letters, the image would probably look like my clients struggle and frustration. As far as this goes. Generally, whenever I take my sales letters, and I tell it to do this, it always generates a person sitting at their computer, pulling their hair out, feeling frustrated, that nothing's working, and they're losing money left and right. So that really is the frustration of my clients. That's the pain that they're feeling. But then if I tell it to generate, what's the dream life, it always generates a happy family. That's living their beautiful life, amazing life, all of that. So, Dorothy, this is what the AI said that your sales copy is basically resonating with, is that what you're selling to people?

[692:01] Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, that's, that's a lovely image, in many ways. Yeah.

[693:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is that the experience that you're selling? Is that actually what you're doing? Are you taking them to a retreat? I think mountain somewhere and doing that, because you're on a zoom call. So that's not really

[696:21] Speaker 2: No, I mean, it's more that we do this deep process of transformation. You know, we're creating a beautiful space for them to do that's going to be part of it is for them to create a really nice yoga space.

[700:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. So we're gonna teach them how to create a really nice yoga space. Well, that's fun. Yeah, well, we can take this one out with otter AI. Yeah, here's what we want to talk about right here. Because what you did was you just clarified for me in just two sentences. What is wrong with your sales? Copy? You literally just said it yourself? Yeah.

[706:56] Speaker 2: Yeah, cuz that's very much bare bones, what I've put there, but it's creating the image and the vision. Because part of it is that you have a space in the house where you can go and be in that spiritual space. Obviously, no one can have that they might have to put you over

[711:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: money. Let me let me let me say this. Can you do a spiritual space for a Christian pastor in his home to pray with Bible books in a private study, make an image of the so for instance, that's your excited spiritual space, but I guarantee you I mean, like Brenda's great, but she would not be attracted to that. You know, but Brenda might be attracted to this image right here. that is generating. So can you see where the energy is different? And that and what it is? It's the feeling it's the emotion. How does that make you feel as far as that goes? Now what this is about to generate? Actually, it might look like your office there, Dorothy? Yeah, that's kind of cool. So this might be Brenda's favorite place that she would want to hang out.

[725:48] Speaker 2: Yeah,

[726:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: right there. By the way, that's what my dad's office looked like growing up, it looks almost exactly a carbon copy of that photo.

[727:34] Speaker 2: Wow. Yeah,

[728:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was like it was like exactly like that. My mom used to say she wanted an office like that, she's now creating kind of a more a different one that has like workout gear, and like a couch and books and stuff like that, right. And so what it is, is we're using the AI to create a visual of the experience that your client is going to have. So you, you actually gave us a clue as to what that is, you actually told us what that space looks like for you. And so what we're gonna do is we're gonna we're gonna adjust your copy simply by using our conversation. So this is where a lot of times when people say, hey, how do you write good sales copy? They're thinking it's some like magical thing that I'm doing. And I'm just like, No, I'm literally just using AI to kind of get clarity on what this looks like. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this, this is our transcript right here. I'm gonna copy this text into a document and I want to find the part where you say let me so what I don't like about Zoom is that it's hard for me to like, switch from screen to screen to screen. Okay, now, here's my text document. I'm gonna go I wish there was an easier way to do this, but there's not spiritual space. We're gonna find where you first said that those words are here. Okay. Okay, yes. I mean, that's a lovely image in some ways. But yeah, the experience is this. It's a nice, it's part of as a space in their home where they can really let go.

[754:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. So we're gonna copy what you said in our conversation right here. This is from our dialog and all that right there, right. And then what we're going to do is we're gonna go over to chat GBT. And you can do this by either dialoguing yourself with it, the app on your phone, you can just talk to, or you could have a conversation with a friend. And I would encourage you to actually do this with somebody else. If you can, it could be a potential client, it could be a previous client, it could be a current client. The way that I simulate it is I do it my VIP coaching calls, because the VIP calls on my free events is the perfect container for somebody who is struggling with what I'm dealing with. So I'm having those conversations, to create our sales copy around that to figure out exactly what they're experiencing, and what they really want to get, get clarity on to create. So we're gonna go over to chat GPT now here. And we're going to go to the Divine yoga, and we're going to say, Please modify the image above based on the following. Okay. So and that's what you said to me in that transcript with otter, I didn't even have to type it up or anything, I just found it copied it. And we just paste it, you don't edit it or anything. That's the thing because the AI doesn't need you to edit it. The pauses, verbal pauses and stuff actually contribute to its ability not detract from it. So that's kind of cool. Because it helps us really create a tone for how we want to do things. Okay. Now, look at that, does that look a little bit closer to what you're helping your clients create? Yeah, nice. Yes. Lovely. So now what we're going to do is we're going to take your sales copy right here that you wrote, and her and I've worked on some of the sales copy together. Some of you are like, I don't even have a beginning sales letter. How can this work for me? I don't know how to do this. This is gonna work out Oh, right. You're right at the beginning, and you might be freaking out and you're like, oh, my gosh, and I'm not creating yoga, like whatever. Okay, so I understand that. I've been working with Dorothy and I've known her for a couple years. And sales copy. I'll say this, Dorothy. You're one of the most skilled educators and teachers that I know. What would you say? Maybe there's some of the sales copy stuff. It's still kind of evades you a little bit. Yeah,

[790:17] Speaker 2: I mean, the thing is, is I'm actually a really good writer, but it's how to put it all together. There you go. Yeah. salesy way, but it's not salesy. Yeah,

[792:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. You're selling without selling. So I'm going to say is rewrite the following sales copy. So we're going to take what she wrote, based on the above changes to the image to make it more reflect the above experience because we found the word experience for you. And so the AI is now going to go to work and it's going to help us see if we can realign this with the virtual reality that is generated. And what we're doing is we're creating this sort of VR experience. Here, we're creating a microcosm of virtual reality. Did you know that your sales letter, all that it is it's a window into the virtual reality of the future life that your client will experience. It's as if they're watching a movie of their future before it happens. I'll say that I'm going to say that one more time. Your sales copy is a virtual simulated representation of the future as if your client was just given a movie from a time traveler in the future, they came back into time and told them, hey, this is what your life is going to be. If you register and sign up for this training. And so that's what we talked about the fantasy, the version of their life that they're imagining things like that. Okay, so what this is, is, let's see, it's going to edit your copy, transform your home into a sanctuary of relaxation, and rejuvenation. Feeling overwhelmed by the relentless pace of your job and lifestyle. What is the daily grind fills you fills you with knotted muscles, foggy thoughts and drained emotions, it's crucial to bring self care to the forefront. Dive into the transformative experience of scaravelli inspired yoga, embarking on a journey with me Dorothy Watkins, an experienced yoga instructor with two decades of teaching, through a five day introductory course, to the energy divine approach, all from the comfort of your home. The challenges of modern life can manifest in physical stiffness, mental clutter and emotional imbalance, physical tension, experience gentle exploratory movements that soothe and enhance flexibility right in your living room. Mental fatigue, and you see how we're tying the pain points to what they're going to experience. We're actually painting a picture of the dream. Which is why I find it hilarious. Everybody tells me that I'm teaching bro marketing, that's all about hurting our clients and bringing pain to the forefront. And I'm like, that's literally like, not even what I actually teach. But I do talk about using the pain to understand the ups and downs to simulate the experience of the client better. So you have to understand what their pain is to then communicate about it. Experience gentle exploratory movements, mental fatigue, exhaustion, the approach offers a spectrum of benefits that transform your living space into a nurturing retreat, embrace gentle movements that foster so does this sound a lot better for you, Dorothy?

[841:23] Speaker 2: Yeah, I think setting it in the space is a really good thing. Because then people start to visualize their own home, and how they can create a physical space to go into that spiritual so

[844:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we can do this, can you create a more aligned image of the clients themselves of what they might experience after they, after they join Dorothy? And do this, make a photograph of a potential possible client of what, what their future might be by applying all of this and tie it directly to the image above that you generated? And the company? Okay. That's a prompt, I think we should put that in the prompt document for sure. Yeah, here's what I'm going to tell you all, I have no idea how I come up with these prompts so quickly. It's just literally I just typed in the words come out, I have no method, necessarily, that I could teach you on how to do it's called prompt engineering. And I would like to learn better how to explain that to you guys. Soon.

[860:54] Speaker 2: Um, where do you put the prompt? Doc?

[861:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just typed it in. I just typed it in the chat. UBT. So

[862:18] Speaker 2: but do you store them all somewhere, like in a little sort of document, why

[863:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: put them into the chat GPT prompts document that we have, so it had an error right here? Right? If it does an error again, sometimes it means that here's why. Here's the problem I have with some of the AI some of what I do is so good that it actually threatens a lot of what the AI is programmed to do. And so they don't tell me hey, this goes against what the normal use cases you're using it off label to do something that we find possibly unethical. It's just gonna say it has an error. No, we're good. Look at that. Does that look like a possible image of what you're helping them do? Yeah. Yeah, check this out. If I take this image right here. I have a description here and a generated image prompt. Yeah. Okay. I can go over to an app. It's called Imagine dot meta dot.com. And this is Facebook. They have trained an image AI off of all the images As from Facebook and Instagram. So they've taken all your photos and trained an AI off of them without your permission. I don't know if that makes you feel good or not. But that's the truth of what it is. And so I can take this prompt and I can actually have their AI generate us an image that's much closer aligned with what somebody might actually look like of your client. Yeah, an actual photograph. That might look like what you're creating, these are all based on like actual images of your client, then you could take this Yeah, image and you could refine it, you can make it a little bit better, you might be able to use a tool like, mid journey. Again, this isn't probably credit training on how you can create images as well, we have a lot of upcoming courses that we are creating that we're going to be showing you how to use. So mid journey is one of the best AIS for creating images. And so like they have just the most realistic artwork right here that's created. And so they can then even take some of the images and even dial some of that. And then there's a process even of like, bringing it into the AI to improve it and make it better and all those things as far as I go. So, but imagine that meta is probably one of the cool is one of the it's one of the highest quality tools for generating AI photographs, as like stock photos and things like that, as far as that goes. Okay. So when you create a sales letter, you're gonna put that on the sales letter.

[906:44] Speaker 2: Do you pay for those photos? Can you do that? You don't.

[907:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is a stock photo right here that I paid for.

[909:05] Speaker 2: Yeah. So one image meta.com. Is that legal for you to use one of those images on your own staff?

[912:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. I'm not an attorney.

[912:36] Speaker 2: Yeah. Because I know with some of them, you have to pay for the images. Don't you don't

[913:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: have to pay for these? No. Yeah. So legality wise, let's put it this way. They have terms right here. Here's where the legality is interesting here. There has not been a legal precedent for people saying, Wow, that looks a lot like my Instagram photos. And meta stole that off of my Facebook. And so now you're using a photo that's similar to me, and then somebody's trying to sue you for that. That's really the only legal risk right now is somebody trying to basically say that it's similar to theirs is a plagiarism type thing for art? Yeah. So again, we may not want to use it that way. You may want to either create either a cartoon or an image or something like that. If you feel uncomfortable with that, and you want to actually pay for images and feel 100% That it's fine. Photo dune. dotnet is. Okay. So here's how you can find images for your landing page on photo dune. Yeah, yeah, let's take this image right here that we generated and say, can you generate me a few search terms to find stock photos on photo dune that are similar to the above sea? So what we're doing is, again, we're simulating reality. And then we can go back to a site like photo Dune, or Shutterstock, or things like that, and actually find that so home yoga practice. And these are it's going to give us a couple of search terms to try on photo do. Home yoga practice. And you can you can buy any of these photos and use them on your landing page. Legally. Yeah, pretty cool.

[939:49] Speaker 2: Like the ones that the AI had come up with, there was something really nice. Yeah. fantastical, especially the ones from the image matter. Yeah.

[943:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, Shutterstock is pretty cool. You could use another one is a firefly from Shutterstock. By your fly from Adobe, again there. Adobe is getting sued by people for using their stuff from their Adobe accounts. So there's a crazy precedent with AI images right now. About like that, but Adobe themselves, they have a photorealistic image model to do that. And you can use these on your page. But there's not really been a legal precedent as far as that goes for using that like with Adobe. So again, I'm not an attorney or an expert on that, I'm sure. Right now it's being argued in huge courts right now if this is legal or not. Yeah, that's not that's not the place for this conversation. But I'm not an expert in that. So use again, what makes you feel comfortable? I use images from imagine dotnet on my landing pages. Yeah, so I use them. I can't guarantee either way if we'll be able to in the future, but I'm sure people will know Bart is starting to create images to from goo Well, yeah, those are all trained off of YouTube. So. So Dorothy, that's that's kind of what I would say like for your landing pages and things like that. All right, let's go over to airy. Ariadne right over here. How are you? Yeah, pretty good. Awesome. Yep. suggested using humor in the copy. So I've been playing with that. Cool. Would you? Would you say that humor resonates with the type of client you're looking to attract?

[967:38] Ariadne Avalon: Some of them for sure. Yes.

[967:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. I guess my wife, she told me, she tells me all the time. I didn't marry you. Because you were cute. You're funny. So

[971:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ashley said not just because you're cute. But anyways, I'm like, Thanks.

[972:14] Ariadne Avalon: Um, you know, as a, as someone that was a writer, or is still a writer, I would always use you know, intricate words that didn't really have simple meaning for people. Right. So that's my she suggested that I do you know, something different and humorous. And with her experience, she's working sort of close to the same niche that I am that that's what ended up working for her.

[978:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. Yeah. So what you wrote down was, was, I know you had asked about those questions that I gave you about the customer, their problem, all of that. Do you have that?

[981:44] Ariadne Avalon: Do I have that? I haven't answered. No, I haven't written that down. No.

[982:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, no worries. So that's really helpful as far as that to even bring into the AI. Because what I like to do as I like to take that, and then and then see whatever the AI generates, based off of that. We'll start with this that you have right here. Yeah.

[986:17] Ariadne Avalon: And then the actual sales page is right there at the end. That's cool.

[987:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you already have a sales letter that you're starting with, this is super helpful. Okay, yeah. If somebody does not have a sales letter, we have a whole process for literally starting just using the prompting to be able to do this. So what I would love to do here today is I'd also love to help somebody start from zero, they have nothing to craft it. Maybe Brenda, we could do that after this. Would you like to do that? We could work through that. Okay, so that because there's different, it's different stages, because what we do is we kind of refine it. There's a third stage to this that I haven't even talked about. And it's the refining stage, right? Yeah. And that's where a lot of our clients show up. And they say, Hey, I've ran a webinar, I ran a challenge. I've ran this. And now I tell them, Okay, we need to really document the results that came out of that. We need to really document what were the questions that people asked much as possible. If you don't have documented, just spend some time and try to remember them, whatever is the first couple that popped in your head are probably pretty good. Okay. So that's one of the things that I do is I literally just, if I don't have it documented, I'll just recollect to the best of my knowledge, what the conversation was. And really, that's actually might actually be a more pure way to do it, because it's kind of how you translated their questions. Right. So it's more connected to how you processed it.

[1013:19] Ariadne Avalon: First topic, the first part of the document that I sent you is the email that takes them to the hey, sign up. Now we're, you know, sort of closing our doors before we start, and then it goes to the link that you put up.

[1017:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I see the dot out. So this is an email, this is just an email, there's the

[1018:56] Ariadne Avalon: email invitation to click on the sales page, and the sales page is the link. So

[1020:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a really cool method for doing email, that's completely different. Great. Love to hear it. Um, so what I do is I just, I, I create a email account where I just literally sign up for everybody in anybody's marketing. And I never unsubscribed. And it's particularly in the same niche and space that I'm in and so on. Do you have any issue with pulling ideas from other people that do what you do?

[1029:35] Speaker 2: Oh, do

[1029:47] Ariadne Avalon: I have any issue with pulling them? No, not really.

[1030:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. Because that was always a major one that I ran into. And we write cat copy as people wanted to, like, make it all original and like not like anybody else that's out there. But the problem is that there's marketers that are doing the same process that we're doing and they're all sending emails out and so like, you're not gonna be able to get like, so original that like, nobody's actually said something similar before with their marketing, your methodology might be different. I don't know if I've ever heard anybody teach copywriting like this, right?

[1040:00] Ariadne Avalon: Here it is, here's,

[1040:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the crazy part about it. This is where I'm like, I'm kind of a crazy nutcase. I'm gonna make a podcast and teach the same thing. And put it out there for free. Because it's a foundational training that gets people started. So it's not even necessarily super valuable to this program that I taught it. This is just the first place that I taught it. What's valuable in this program is my ability to work with you to apply it, right. It's not the information. It's the it's the, it's the quarterly, the more of the transformation is what we're doing this program. Right. So the information but the transformation, yeah, and so the information, again, there's value in it, my podcast, has a ton of value. But I rarely ever hear from people like, oh, my gosh, I made a million dollars from your podcast, even though I'm legitimately teaching like a lot of the same info. And it's not necessarily that like, it doesn't work, it's just that they actually kind of need that, that help. And that guide, and my goal of the podcast is to get people to join this program is to get people to start a conversation with me. And generally, that's they join a webinar, or they join a challenge. You know, so you know that I run ads or do all that. So this email this right here, so that's great that you're like, you have no issue with that. So what I would do is I would try to find everybody that does kind of what you do similarly, and figure out what copy they're using. And we kind of create what's called a swipe file. Right? Yes, yes, I started doing that. So you have a swipe file. Okay. Awesome. You know, just starting Yeah. So I, you know, it's funny, as I've actually used Evernote for my swipe file, you could probably use a Google doc to okay, but I found Evernote was cool, because I could paste in there into a new note each sales page separately. And then I started doing this crazy thing where I would start, I would start running the simulation on my competitors sales letters. And I would start seeing how aligned it was with who I was trying to reach and stuff like that. And I would find the gaps that they would maybe weren't serving, that made me unique as far as that goes. So that was really cool as being able to do that. But what you can do with chat, GBT is you can take somebody else's email that they've written. And you can tell it to basically rewrite your copy in the style, tone and structure of somebody else's email. So that's really cool for email marketing is and that'll give you ideas. And then what I do before I send it out is I kind of just like, rewrite it or edit it and make it how I would have said the same thing the same way. And that's a really quick way to write really good emails is being able to do that you use the AI to help you get ideas for how to say it. There's also a prompt for email marketing, where you actually can tell it, there's one in the chat here, but you document I need to edit this a little bit. It's a little bit extensive and doesn't work as well as the new stuff I'm doing. Now I just kind of say you are an email marketing expert. So I tell it, what it does what what role it's going to take on. And so and and do you have? Do you have any issue with telling the AI like you are this? Okay, cool. Awesome. Because it's kind of like it's very direct. It's like you are this and the AI is like, Well, no, I'm not I'm an AI. But it's not actually a real person. It's just a computer right now. It's not ever going to be a real person. Some people there's, there's some weird arguments out there that it may actually have rights and all that and I'm just kind of like I don't know about that. Don't think we're ever going to be able to replace humans with a computer. But I believe that the AI is actually gonna help elevate our own consciousness and our own self above the menial tasks that we do every single day. That's again, my philosophy on AI because now if you know how to use it for copy, you don't have to spend years figure out the copy you can literally just do it in an afternoon. So what I'll do is I'll take a look at your copy. So do you want us to focus on here today your email or your sales letter?

[1106:44] Ariadne Avalon: Ah, I think maybe the sales letter because you actually purchase my

[1107:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: offer. Okay, nobody actually purchased your offer. I haven't

[1109:10] Ariadne Avalon: actually launched it I'm launching it okay.

[1110:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I guess okay. So and I do we do this same process and that's great. We'll do that for this we do that same process for and that's really good that you bring that up for this marker is poopy I should retire it. We're going to retire this one about Yes, I talked to my stuff in my room. Okay. For me, I look at this. This is your main offer. This is what we're going to focus in on today. Great, great, awesome. But there's also the free one for low cost, right, this could be your like a bootcamp that might cost 47 bucks like that. Okay.

[1122:15] Ariadne Avalon: Yeah, I actually nurtured them with like some free calls already. Cool.

[1123:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yeah, you have a sales letter to get them on those free calls,

[1124:27] Ariadne Avalon: just to email correspondence like, Hey, check it out. Cool.

[1125:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. So how did you get their email address?

[1126:25] Ariadne Avalon: They were on my list.

[1126:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: They were on your list. How did you? How did you get them on the list? From summits? I have done before in the past? Okay, so you had a sales letter for the summit. That makes sense. Yeah, a long time ago. Okay, great. We'll talk about that another time. Because what I would love to do, because that's going to help you with your Facebook ads. Great is to really dial in the copy for the summit and tweak it with the same process. So for your offer, that's going to be slightly different. That's your paid offer right here. Right? Yeah, that's like my accelerator program. Yeah,

[1135:50] Ariadne Avalon: it's kind of mid range. It's not hard to get, I guess you're just kind of mid range to it's not totally

[1137:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: depends on who you ask. There's some people that call mine low ticket, which is funny. I call it mid range. To others. It's called high ticket depends on the low ticket, then actually, okay, yeah. What are you charging for this? That's,

[1140:48] Ariadne Avalon: it's a monthly metamorphosis session, if people purchased for the year, it's 997. If they purchase by the month, it's

[1142:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: 997 a month. Okay. Yeah, that's in the same range as what we're doing in the accelerator, I think anything between 102 100 A month is pretty much the same thing. When you double it up to like, the 200 a month, you're disqualifying out a slightly different group of people. And what I do is this price is literally just a slider to figure out who you don't want to have in there. Right. Gotcha. And so the more you charge, the higher quality of people are actually going to purchase? Absolutely, yes. And the last few charge, the more struggle and pain and things like that they're really going to have or is that goes. Because oftentimes, people who are really deep in pain don't want to make an investment.

[1154:22] Speaker 1: That's so sad. And that's interesting, right? Because we talk about people are going to take action, because the pain is so great, that it moves them to take action, people talk about that, when it's great enough, then you do something different to take it away. And yet, the deeper the pain, the less investment somebody actually wants to make. To take it further.

[1159:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: As far as the client that you bring in as far as that goes. So that is a slider that you can adjust left or to the right. If you're like, hey, I want more clients, you make it 47 A month you make it 27. But then you're going to add way more people that like are complaining, not are like not maybe not who you want to hang out with. You charge more as plenty more than people you want to hang out with. But it might not be all the people that you actually want to help. Okay, you know, that's so you think it's priced? Well,

[1168:54] Ariadne Avalon: I think it's possible, I think for the audience that I have, yes. Great.

[1170:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. So we'll take this in here. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at this, by the way, this is the same process that I'm doing. It might seem like I'm like wasting time talking about all this stuff. This is this is part of my process of kind of really understanding and being able to help you better. Does that make sense? I appreciate that. And thank you for your kindness. Welcome, cuz I have not necessarily experienced that very much. From

[1183:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to help do sales copy, in my experience, I've had a hard time trying to help people with your niche, get results.

[1185:49] Speaker 1: And maybe I haven't been as kind to that niche either. Now I'm saying.

[1187:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so again, we reflect whatever energy that we put out, so it's true. And so what I'm gonna look at is, how is this resonating as far as this goes, how does it resonate with you? How do you feel about it?

[1192:09] Ariadne Avalon: I think it is funny, and it definitely it can express things like quantum shifting in a way that is understandable. Okay, right. Because the work that I do, it really is like, okay, hey, you're feeling sad right now. The energy that's creating this is you know, past life experience or you're eight years old or whatever, right? So it's a way that people can understand what's going on, you know, that's what I think I've chosen that humor fine. Yeah.

[1201:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. I'm starting to understand it better now.

[1203:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So part of what we want to improve here is talking less about what is going to happen. Right. Okay. objectifying the experience. Okay. So much.

[1209:46] Speaker 0: Okay, great.

[1210:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we don't want to objectify the experience. We also don't want to explain it to with too many words, okay? Now we want it to be very simple and easy to understand, but also make them feel really smart that they found you. So why they feel like okay, I just found a hidden treasure trove that I wish I knew about years ago. And would you say that that's what you want your clients to experience on the on the back end of that? Yeah, absolutely. Cool. Awesome. Um, what would you say about because I know, what would you say about the romantic feelings of your clients? In their everyday life, in their experience?

[1225:56] Ariadne Avalon: Like in regards to not

[1226:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: just when I say the word romance, what comes to mind?

[1227:47] Ariadne Avalon: Well, it kind of feels like their spiritual connection to Source really, are the cosmos to right, what's going on? Is there's a, you know, global consciousness awakening on Earth right now to wait. And then I would say that there are also people that are, you know, having relationships that are, you know, monogamous, as opposed to what else is trending right now? Right. Like they're, you know, kind of solid in that way, right? They're not okay. Well, burners or anything like that, right?

[1235:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do they want to avoid?

[1236:12] Ariadne Avalon: What do they want to avoid? What are they wanting to avoid? Like, they just don't really want to? They don't I think they're wanting to avoid the fear of what is happening on the planet right now with, you know, the control agenda. And, you know, potentially us having central bank digital currencies and government control over everything we do. You know, those kinds of things. Me too.

[1243:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. I do not want the government controlling my life. There we go. Come

[1245:03] Ariadne Avalon: on, man. Really hard to do that right now? Right.

[1246:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're probably not too satisfied with anybody that's running for office, though. Yes,

[1247:53] Ariadne Avalon: I can't see. But

[1248:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not satisfied with anybody that's running for office. I don't know about you. But so like, there's that. But yeah, we don't know. We don't know that they could feel any which way or the other, because they're really kind of trying to get to know themselves

[1252:21] Ariadne Avalon: better. But the thing that's really going on is that fact that consciousness is awakening, and you know, we all have our own personal Christ within. And that is also awakening. So they're there in that space to embody all of that holiness and, you know, spiritual transformative energy that

[1257:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. What would Eckhart Tolle be anything that you like? Or no, oh,

[1258:30] Ariadne Avalon: he's kind of like mainstream.

[1259:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, he has a lot more mainstream. Right.

[1260:10] Ariadne Avalon: This is like really high level, you know, acknowledging that there are aliens and demons and things like that.

[1261:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So there are spirits out there. Absolutely. Yeah, we're not denying that, by the way, I have, like, clients in our group that legitimately like, could be like, that's like the opposite of everything. I believe that that's great, though, like, it's a different experience. So what we want is we want your sales copy to be aligned with that experience as far as that goes. So anything else that you would add about things that they're really the most frustrated about? And

[1268:40] Ariadne Avalon: they're also you know, there's definitely this whole healing that ends up happening that is preventing us from actually evolving our energy body and our consciousness, right, like our pain and unresolved emotional issues. keep us locked in the negative ego. And yeah, so they need to do that work, too. Right. Okay.

[1273:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what we're gonna do is I'm gonna take now your sales copy. Sure. And we're going to take everything that you just said to me that while we were talking and we're going to combine those two together, okay, and we're gonna see if the AI can help us simulate this a little bit better. Sure, sure. Okay, so I'm gonna copy this. We're gonna copy this over here. Ah, oh gosh, it says Ariana is a phenomenal healer, mentor and guide. Oh no, that's your copy? Yep. I'm trying to pull up the transcripts here now what I'm looking for is where did I first mentioned your name?

[1286:04] Ariadne Avalon: I think that was at the beginning.

[1287:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, yeah, um It was further down that Okay, so that's where I got to hear

[1291:33] Speaker 1: where did we talk? Oh yeah, let's see the word 97. But the number 9797 a month, 997 a year if they purchase. Okay, here we are.

[1295:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is where I was connect, I think I got a little bit more connected to the copy.

[1300:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now, we're going to say this. Take the following sales, copy and rewrite it based on the conversation that is transcribed below and apply any sort of in information or changes that are not aligned to bring it into alignment to the transcript. Conversation. Okay, so now we're going to do conversation right here. And again, y'all can have this conversation with yourself, you can have it with chat, GBT. It's really it's all in the prompts. As far as that goes. And this book, The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy, a lot of what I asked you, I actually pulled from here, just remembering what you need to know with your clients. Dan Kennedy, I would say is the grandfather of all the bro marketers. And so it has right here smart market diagnosis questions, it's a lot more brash than how I asked you. But what keeps them awake at night and causes them indigestion? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? Or what are they frustrated? What trends are happening? What do they secretly desire more than anything else, they have a unique language is there somebody selling similar stuff to them and who else has tried and failed. And it says this The goal of writing sales, this is chapter one, right? Here, I'm gonna read this, the goal of sales copy is understanding that's it, to persuade someone to motivate them to sell them something, you need to understand them deeply as a person better than they know themselves. Now, we're not necessarily sure that that's necessarily true, that you know them better than themselves, but like, as close as we can get to that line as possible. So we're gonna put conversation and I put it in brackets here in chat, JBT, then we're gonna put sales copy. So what we did was we combined, I wish I could expand this larger, so you could kind of see what it looks like. But it works like this. It's basically prompt.

[1335:24] Speaker 1: bracket. I'm gonna show you in another window here, after I type this up, bracket, right, bracket two.

[1338:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could do this any number of times. And this kind of helps you write it this unfortunately, my background of studying computer science since I was seven years old, is why I know how to do this probably really well. And I don't expect everybody to have a computer science degree to be able to do this. I don't have a computer science degree. I'm actually not even a very good computer programmer, by like, expert programmers. I'm probably like beginner intermediate level, in my knowledge. I don't get along with a lot of computer programmers. Any way Wait to like, logical and I'm just like, Yeah, I don't know, prompt. Maybe I'd like to get along with them better though and get to know them more. Prompt and then what you can do is that's where we until we break this down in the chat GBT window. And this is where you paste your transcript or you paste whatever bracket this one is. And then you paste whatever is in here. You paste it into here. Like I pasted your sales letter into there. I pasted the transcript that we talked about there. And then the prompt references what to do with these two pieces of information. So we're creating containers. Each of these is a container to tell it what we want it to do. And we're basically we're you using language to program the AI of what we want it to do. And that's what real prompt engineering is, is it is it's just computer programming that uses the English language. Right. So that's why chat GPT is probably difficult to learn is because it is it's it is at its core, it's just computer programming. But that's why it's not that good. Because you have to give it the right instructions, right. So this is our instruction set right here. This is basically the overall controller. And then we use containers. And in programming, that's called object oriented programming. So we create containers, and then we tell the program what to do with these containers. Wow. That's an in a nutshell, computer programming. If I have a software that does this, and this, we create a container for this container for this, and then we have something over it that tells it how to use both of those, and then how to interact with the real world, which is our users. Were able to skip that step with the English language, though, because the AI is programming behind it to know how to use language. It's all of that's built into it. And it's getting better and better and better. And that's what we call the language model. And that's why there's different versions of the A that the AI that improves. But that's also why it's not that great. Of a what do you think in the chat about that description of chat, GBT and AI computer programming, we'd love to hear that. Because he's come from a background in IT security background, and computer programming computer science, so I'd be curious to hear his take on that. So we gave it an instruction, we put it in a container, we have in the container, the sales copy and the conversation, some of y'all don't have sales copy. So that's why with Brenda, I'd like to show her how to generate this initial sales copy and that first piece of sales copy, and then bring the two together. If you don't have that you already had that. So what we're going to do now is we're going to tell it to take action, we tell it to go. And what it's going to do is it's going to rewrite it based on the conversation. And generally I just use two containers. That's what I try to do. I have written and I've done stuff with AI that has 15 containers in it. That's how I've written books with the AI. Because I will literally have 15 different containers, and then I tell it what to do with all 15 of them. And then it produces a chapter in a book for me. And then all I got to do is edit that and it's like amazing. We've totally written two books now for my mom doing that. And all we started with was just transcripts from all of her live sessions on what she teaches. We turn the transcripts in the books this way. Cool. Okay, so with this, this is what it's doing now to rewrite it. Discover the path to quantum healing and empowerment, unlock your spiritual evolution with quantum metamorphosis. When you embark on this transformative journey, you're not just signing up for another Self Help Program. You're diving into a profound explanation, exploration of your inner universe, leveraging humor, and simplicity to demystify the quantum shifts necessary for your spiritual emotional liberation. So you're anchoring it to what's going to happen for them. And then you're telling them what they're going to experience. So this goes back to what I talked about, even in the startup call, the attachment to where they're going. We're attaching it to an effortless understanding. A This one's good a journey to self help discovery, our approach straightforward and jargon free. We prioritize making your you feel enlightened and empowered, celebrating your decision to embark on this journey. And then it's what it includes bonuses, all that and now I would add more of you into this. I think this is really just again, more of what they're getting. But I think some of the language is closer aligned with I think what's going to be effective with this for your audience. Now, let me ask you this. This is how we steer it. What don't you like about that?

[1425:56] Ariadne Avalon: Ah, what don't you like about the copy? I? Yeah, I It's not that.

[1428:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't, what would you like to be different?

[1428:36] Speaker 4: What would I

[1428:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: like to be different? What do you think could make it more aligned with the people you're trying to reach?

[1431:10] Ariadne Avalon: Honestly, at this point, I'm not exactly sure. It seems very clear. And I mean, it definitely covers what I'm going to be offering to right.

[1436:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so now we're going to do the image. Great. So that's really like how we rewrite that sales copy and I can send this to you as well. Okay. That's how we start and we use the API to do this and there's a much more like doesn't there's more process to this. The sales copy mastery for chat GPT course kind of goes into a lot more in depth into how we do this. But I think when I show you what I do with Brenda, I think you might get some ideas for how to improve it. Personally, I would improve this a little bit more. Do you want me to share with you how I would improve it? Yes, please. It's missing a story.

[1446:56] Ariadne Avalon: So that that the funny parts that I originally created, can I bring those into a story?

[1448:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Bring them into a story that mirrors the story of their life while they're starting, and gives them a picture in a window into the future? Okay, so there's a picture of what is right there.

[1452:15] Ariadne Avalon: Yes, that's pretty much it, for sure. Okay,

[1453:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool. Well, that's awesome. It is, gosh, I'm really interested to see what meta imagined does with this one. So we took the AI prompt, this is what meta is going to kind of create for you. Okay. So they got a window into this sort of like, colorful rainbow here. Absolutely. Yeah, that's a really like, rash way of putting it, but that's how I see it. It's just a bunch of colors to me. It's not something that would resonate with me. I'll tell you that, you know, but it's just because I, I wouldn't I'm not your target client.

[1464:06] Brenda Chambliss: Right. Now, here's

[1464:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: the interesting thing, though, that looks like it's a man, not a woman.

[1465:17] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah.

[1466:02] Ariadne Avalon: I mean, there are more women in my niche than there are men are in my

[1467:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I gotcha. There you go. So it's not necessarily that you're even only for men or women. It's just under I gotcha. That's more clear. So that even wasn't I and that's my own filtering what you said through it as to how I interpreted you. See, so that's why even in our conversation, that's that way. So that's where what again, what I would I would do is I would take this and I would, I would make just a few slight adjustments to the copy. And I would say this, this is one of the things that I would do to rewrite this with the AI act as if you are an expert sales copywriter who writes in a and this is what we do is I studied with the AI the tone of really good sales copy rights in a conversational, informal and persuasive.

[1485:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Apply the following. Oh, no, actually, I'm just going to ask it this.

[1486:42] Speaker 1: Please review the following and make changes to the sales copy. Okay,

[1489:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's dive into jazzing up this. So it's actually creating two versions of itself. It's not sure which way we want to go with this. Okay, so the AI sometimes doesn't have clarity as to what which one is going to be better for you.

[1492:40] Ariadne Avalon: Right? Okay.

[1493:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So once upon a time and not so far off land live countless souls wandering a wishing for a sign a sign that they would imagine for the path from math to wow. I don't know if you like that or not, well, that's cool. Or ever felt like you're just one step away from breakthrough but somehow you kept missing it. Like, that feels more bro marketing to me. You know what I'm saying? Let's throw this in here. We're going to do that right now. It's generating that. And, you know, this reminds me of reminds me of that movie I wish by Disney that just came out a little bit. So that's just kind of my thoughts on that. Okay, great. So now generate a new image based on all the above, to demonstrate potential clients experience. Some of the I don't know if y'all understand either, as I I'm teaching right now, I don't have any notes. I did not prep for any of what I'm sharing with you. This is purely coming from my own consciousness while I'm sharing this with you. I did not know what I was going to teach today. And that is something that I plan on, on sharing with you guys is how to do that is how to teach where there's a direct connection with what you know, in your experience, your intuition and your instinct. Not everybody knows how to do that. And it's something that I learned because my mom was really good at that. And I just I learned it because I was really, I really struggled with it for a while but I saw that the best mentors and coaches had that skill where they could show up somebody could drop them out of an airplane with no notes And they could literally do like a 10 or a 10 day seminar without any notes. And yet, and it will and it would produce results. See, that's the thing. It's not that it's gonna like this is random stuff. I told some people that a while back and they were like, okay, that doesn't sound ethical Jeremiah, that doesn't sound like something I want to associate with somebody that thinks that they have good ideas and have no proof behind them. Never said that I'm pulling from my experience of 21 years of duty. I wouldn't argue that I have no experience from what I provide you that, but that's how some people translate what I do to them. Through their experience, right. So okay, look at that.

[1533:45] Ariadne Avalon: Wow, that's quite different.

[1535:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: That sounds more like what you described to me. Mm hmm. Doesn't it? Mm hmm. In fact, that's pretty cool.

[1537:21] Ariadne Avalon: It is. Yeah. I like the juxtaposition of uncolored part. And

[1538:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is interesting, because Brenda, do you feel a little bit better about that image and the other one?

[1540:14] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah, has a little bit more direction.

[1540:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like even like, you could use this for any sort of faith. As far as that goes, like, this is not tied into maybe even like one, um, belief system. Or as I go, so. So there we go. Awesome. Now, can you combine all the above and finally, rewrite the sales letter by combining all the above and writing it? Again, I repeated myself, because sometimes you have to repeat it to tell it what you really want to do. Because sometimes it will, like do something crazy and doesn't work. So, dear adventure, are you feeling like you're stuck in a black and white movie where the color of life seems to have faded into the background? If so, you're not alone. But here's the good news, I'm inviting you to an epic journey from meth to marvelous. A transformation that's not just about changing scenes, but rewriting your entire script. So now we're actually drawing a comparison to rewriting the movie of their life rather than. And that's what's interesting is this might actually resonate more with people that may be repelled by what you're doing. But that are actually a good fit for what you're doing. And this will probably repel a lot of the people that are not a good fit for what you're doing. So does this feel even even like something? Now, this is a completely different offer than what you had?

[1568:44] Ariadne Avalon: I don't know. You know, I really don't know. I would say that I liked the way, you know, the AI has synthesized and elevated or, like is more clarified my audience in a way that is a little bit more palpable. Yeah. All of the outrageous, you know, comedy points that I had in my original Hey,

[1575:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. What? Are you ready? Are you ready to color your world with adventure? Ooh, I like that one. Huh? I like I want to color my world with more adventure.

[1578:35] Ariadne Avalon: Yes, absolutely. Quantum adventures. Great.

[1579:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. Cool. Yeah, well, let's stop here, kind of with your stuff, because honestly, I could spend like the next five hours browsing.

[1581:00] Ariadne Avalon: I really appreciate your advice and showing how to really worked with the chat GPT. And yeah, it's still kind of woowoo. But for my audience, right. But yeah, at the same time, understandable, and really does, actually.

[1586:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we, and we have that story here. There's another layer to this that I teach in the course. That's why I'm saying I could literally keep talking and expanding on this for like, the next five hours with you. Right? Because there's more like, if I could sit down with you for five hours and just teach you that I would. Mm

[1590:54] Ariadne Avalon: hmm. And that course is that course in them that's

[1591:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the members area. And that's the beauty of a group coaching program has actually have sat down in five hours and recorded it. Awesome.

[1593:54] Ariadne Avalon: Are you Did you add the new text into the document that I sent you or?

[1595:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. Am I able to edit it? I don't have oh, wait, that's my wife right there. I'm in her account. Go over here. Let me request access to edit. Tell me Once you approve it and I'm gonna go over to Brenda and then

[1599:36] Ariadne Avalon: we'll Hey, it's up. It's not approved already for you might be. Yeah, cuz I thought I'd

[1601:17] Speaker 1: Oh, perfect awesome. Nope still says request.

[1602:10] Speaker 3: Oh geez,

[1602:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. Oh wait, it keeps going to

[1603:39] Speaker 1: Abigail it's funny Oh yeah, no it now not quite. Okay hold on one second then request edit access.

[1606:54] Ariadne Avalon: Okay, so that's up there and maybe you're using my area and the Avalon email one second as opposed to my aware intuitive one because that's where it's at. It's

[1610:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know, I can't see that information,

[1611:36] Ariadne Avalon: no problem Hold on one second, because it's actually kind of hide

[1612:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: that information from here when you make it shareable. One thing you can do temporarily as you can make it towards like, editable right here, but it's but then anybody who's on here can edit it. So I wouldn't necessarily write

[1616:20] Ariadne Avalon: one second here.

[1617:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, Brenda, I want to jump over to Brett because I'm just gonna paste this in here for you. Let me know when spreading Hey, so Brenda, you talked about that you do you help real estate? Do I do local real estate? Or is there another idea maybe that you're thinking might be better? local, local real estate? Okay.

[1624:15] Brenda Chambliss: local realtors, leverage Facebook again, to be able to number one, get listings and number two, sell them after you get them. Okay, awesome.

[1627:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a huge struggle with realtors. I know this from general because I work and do a lot of Facebook ads to where it's very difficult to actually host and run the Facebook ads and actually do that and actually get the ads to work. And so what I find is that oftentimes, I underserved people and there are Realtors when it comes to teaching Facebook ads. But that's why I've niched down to where I have. And so I am saying all that to say I'm actually saying all this for the transcript, by the way, it's why I'm saying all this is because the mass market of Facebook ads information out there is not designed for realtors. And in fact, if you try to do it for a realtor, it will cause you more problems than it will help you.

[1642:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: It looks like I have access to this document. Now. Let me let me paste that in there right here. Then there you go. Do you want that image that it made?

[1647:04] Speaker 1: And put that in there too? Okay, awesome. You do not have access to upload images. Awesome.

[1649:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, wait, I don't know how to do that differently. But you probably could recreate it in the AI just by taking the prompt. So I'm gonna put I'll take the image prompt here and I'm gonna put it in your document because that's the thing. So that's that's the interesting part about like

[1656:35] Speaker 1: this Oh, oh, wait, no, I got access. You do have access. I got access to that and then I'm copying this.

[1659:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I put the image prompt right there. Okay. Okay. Brenda, with this the realtors who struggle with Facebook ads. They're struggling with

[1666:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just had a thought it's interesting. We'll talk about it later. um they're struggling to what are they struggling to do like get clients or what's going on?

[1669:42] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah, so there's a struggle to get listings. But that has a lot to do with the market that we're in a lot of people are because I'm in Los Angeles and a lot of people are afraid to sell their home unless you're moving to Texas somewhere because you can you know, sell a house here in LA or a million dollars and move to Texas and pay your house off. But so selling your house and not have any way to go and leave the state or Finding a buyer once again during this market because of the interest rate being so high, right, that people know that their mortgage is going to be much higher than it would have been had they bought three years ago.

[1684:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, awesome. So that's important to kind of understand about your client, what they're dealing with and things like that. Here's an interesting thing about this, when I'm coaching people, I'm just gonna share this, and I'm writing their copy. Are you familiar with the term code switching?

[1689:14] Speaker 0: No. Okay.

[1689:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does anybody else familiar with the term code switching?

[1693:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: The opinions on code switching are wide ranging, a lot of people think that it's a terrible thing to do, and it's unethical. And it's, it's basically, it's the practice of alternating between two or more languages at one time. And oftentimes, it's whether like if you're bilingual, or by cultural. And so oftentimes, some people maybe they come from, like a culture where they grew up in the South, and they grew up on a farm, and they find that they're more of like a redneck. Again, I grew up in Michigan, I would say, I was like a redneck in Michigan. So I can say that right? Code Switching would be showing up to a corporate meeting in New York City, and your language is different than how you would talk about your friends and family over the dinner table. And a lot of people see it as an authentic because it means you're changing yourself for who the different audiences and things like that. Whenever I'm coaching, because I have such a wide range of clients, I have to do that actively is I have to switch to the culture of the client that I'm working with. And I have to really understand what their culture is that they're trying to create. And my mom used to teach this often that actually what marketing is, is it's all it's just creating culture. It's creating a real culture around what you do. Okay. So what is the word culture? It's a manifestation of human intellectual achievement, the arts, collectively, it's the customs aren't social intuitions, achievements, particular, whether it be nation people or social group? Culture, that's biology. So again, like Caribbean culture, right? Versus culture in United Kingdom, versus we're talking about church culture, right? There's a real estate culture. I mentioned the term bro marketer, there's this bro marketer culture that's out there. There. So in that, it's interesting, because if you understand code switching, you can actually talk about the exact same thing. But make it fit the different culture that you're in, you know, when Paul said that he became a Jew, to the Jew, Greek to the Greek, he was talking about code switching. So he wasn't talking about diluting the message of the gospel. He was talking about using different words and language to fit into the culture that he was reaching. Does that make sense? Yeah, I get it. So when I'm coaching somebody, like I went from, you know, I got three different clients here, as I have to really tap into the culture of who I'm talking to. And so, real estate culture is one that we really, a I don't have a lot of background. I don't have a lot of knowledge, and I have a lot of experience with church culture. That's the only thing that I have to draw from this church culture. I have almost no like with you, because I know you had mentioned that yesterday. So I want to honor that when I talk with you, but I don't understand real estate at all.

[1744:39] Brenda Chambliss: Okay, well, you know, this has helped me kind of hone in because, first of all, I'm really good, like you said, with church or Kingdom culture, right. I'm really good with that. And I have a great understanding about that.

[1748:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm even less resonant with Kingdom culture, generally. Rarely, okay, I do. Yeah. And I've had the most people that don't want to meet me with Kingdom culture, because they feel like I am helping build other kingdoms is what the problem is. And they have an issue with the fact that I am somebody that helps other people build other kingdoms. But I feel like that's actually what God has called me to do. So, yeah,

[1755:09] Brenda Chambliss: so you know, that's another part of being knowing your call and being confident, bold, and like you mentioned, repelling, right? Yeah, draw. You know, you're correct. Because I understand everybody's not for everybody. Yeah, totally. Right. But there is a fit. So it's like this that I'm going through, because of my skill and my knowledge, and I'm very confident in being able to help not just realtors, but this is owner's leverage. And

[1765:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know anything about local business either. I'm literally like those, like, I don't know that world at all.

[1767:31] Brenda Chambliss: Okay,

[1767:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you so that's why, like, if you had me write sales copy for you. I quite frankly, feel at a loss to be able to do this, but I can show you how to use chat GPT to do it very well.

[1771:42] Brenda Chambliss: Okay, well, that, you know, that's good enough, because also my husband who's very, very, he's a very, very good under. He's kind of like, he's a gym, who can teach like nobody's business and make people see true. He also needs to be I want I want to help him to be able to create like a digital course. Yeah, I'm truth because he does it with humor. Yeah, it's funny humor. We're always laughing because when I talk to people, and they talk about religion, I tell him God's not religious. And it kind of explodes their head because I agree

[1785:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: with that statement. I don't think God is religious at all. I think that religion is actually something that was created by the enemy.

[1787:34] Brenda Chambliss: Exactly. And it keeps people out. Who, when you

[1789:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: religion is against the the true nature of God. Yeah.

[1791:59] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah. And it's II.

[1792:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So God in all of us, right.

[1793:28] Brenda Chambliss: And so we connect on a level of humanity, right? Yep. And so you go through this process of repelling, but it might be a good fit.

[1797:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's where we figure out exactly. Not making a lot of like, harsh judgment against who's who and if they're right, and actually like, getting to know somebody having a conversation, things like that. So for me, I try to repel the people that have no interest in in like, understanding what I'm teaching. Yes, exactly. And that's a big part of what I what I do, like one of the big reasons why so my mom cusses like a sailor. I do not. And my mom has started to cuss less because she realized that those people she wants to reach that are not going to listen to her because of that.

[1808:36] Speaker 1: I don't Well, actually I do sometimes I said bullshit earlier, but I'd slips. But it's like when I'm like, it depends, right? I say I don't cuss but like, is that really true? I try not to as best as I can. I really do. Yeah, sometimes when I'm really like tapped in, it comes out though. So because I grew up with a mom literally discussed all the time, and my dad and everybody around me so.

[1814:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I really work hard at it. And sometimes it just comes out when I tap into that. So I apologize if that was offensive?

[1816:07] Brenda Chambliss: Oh, no. Okay. I'm not offended at all.

[1817:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: But let's talk about real estate culture, right? Because you've been around the real estate rooms. And that's how people are right. What's up, man?

[1819:18] Speaker 4: Hey, good to see you. Jeremiah here. How are you? Change that world over here. So thank you.

[1820:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hope so. I hope so I don't know if I've done anything yet. But we're getting there.

[1822:36] Speaker 4: Well see, Brenda's very impressed. Thank you guys.

[1823:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll speak it into existence before it happens. There you go. All right. Awesome. So knowing that I want to really understand a little bit more about your client. What are their biggest frustrations on a regular daily weekly basis? What does not work for them?

[1829:05] Brenda Chambliss: The thing that doesn't work for them is not to be able to generate leads. Okay? To be able to get houses to sell are able to sell the houses once they have them. Okay. Um, I know with Facebook, there is a way to tap into people who have been searching Zillow. Right? Right. So then, you know if they're searching Zillow, there's a good chance they might be either looking to buy or sell. Yeah, So what's,

[1841:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: what do they want to happen? What's their kind of goal and outcome? Because I think we got to get clear on that. What like, what are you what what you got to get real specific about what do they want that they're not experiencing right now?

[1845:35] Brenda Chambliss: More listings, more listings,

[1846:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, why don't they have more listings? And see if you can maybe get deep dive deeper into why they don't have more listings, maybe even like, emotionally.

[1849:12] Brenda Chambliss: I think it's a marketing. We're not marketing to target target people. They don't know how to market. Yeah, they don't know how to market and so they're not reaching the people who might be thinking about selling their house,

[1852:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're overwhelmed by the marketing. Maybe they love connecting with people, but they don't know how to do the marketing, because it just feels foreign to them. Yeah. Now we're really tapping into kind of like that emotional side of things. And this is why I say this. This is because we're able to talk and communicate and do this back and forth, is I'm able to help simulate those emotions here, you can actually have the same conversation with chat GPT. By having it prompt you as far as this goes, and then you can fill in like the answers is what you're saying. And you can actually have a back and forth conversation, to where you kind of give it these inputs and these answers. And then what we do is we run a series of prompting through it, and it gives us more depth to that.

[1866:18] Brenda Chambliss: So where did the prompts come from?

[1866:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, a lot of the prompts just come from here from me, I make them up, or they can come from you. But I write them down and I have them in a Google doc saved somewhere. So do you have that Google Doc?

[1871:11] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay.

[1872:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can you can create new prompts because the AI you really want to learn to talk to it like a person. So what you want to do is you want to tell it what type of person it is. And then you want to talk to it. Like it's that type of person. And then you want it to tell you what it's experiencing as far as that goes. Okay. And then what we do is basically we create a fake sales letter, we're not going to use the first sales letter and generally when I'm writing sales copy, I don't even use like the first five that it generates. What I do is I really go through this process about five times with it. And it hones in and hones in deeper because did you notice, you saw it with Ariana de Ariana where it changed her copy into something so different, but it was better for really what she was trying to get across. So that's what ends up happening is you can literally tell it to do the same thing. Five times what I call is this is called looping. So we're creating a loop with the AI where it's basically taking new information and then improving it over time. This is one of the problems with the AI because you'd expect it to give you that output the first time but it doesn't. And so what we do is we end up basically training the AI to give us better outputs by aligning it closer and closer and closer to what feels and it really is about a feeling more than anything else. What feels like a better fit for who you're trying to reach. Okay, yeah,

[1903:37] Brenda Chambliss: so I can see connecting the motions like you have mentioned earlier um, to be able to take a motion to connect and communicate with your potential client. Yeah.

[1910:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So with this, do you want to see how we actually bring this together into the

[1911:24] Speaker 4: chat?

[1911:45] Speaker 1: Then the AI Yeah. sec here real quick. I want to find where I started our conversation.

[1922:31] Speaker 1: So we have this, it's just

[1925:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: no idea what that was. But that was just me. Nodding and bobbing my head. My mom used to teach this thing to teach her, she used to teach homeschooling. And it was called Teach with the wiggle. And it was about learning with letting the kids move like this. So literally, I work and I'm moving the whole time I'm getting like, a rhythm, a rhythm for it. And I just do this, like, for no reason at all. Again, I wish I could explain that a little bit better. But that's what I do as far as that goes. All right. So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna take this copy, and I'm gonna take this, and I'm going to take a prompt, we're going to go into chat GPT right here. We're going to tell it to and by the way, I'm not going to be taking just in case anybody wants like, thinks this. I'm not taking anybody else's sales copy here. Today, we're not going to be doing anything after Brenda, we're going to end. And so if you're at the end here with the end of our hour, we're not going to even if you're still on here, we can take it another time. You can also post in the Facebook group, you can answer some of these questions, you can tell us some of those things, you really start with what that is, who is your customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? What does your unique methodology include? And what was the last one that I gave her? I think it's like what are they frustrated about? Someone? It's what are they trying to avoid things like that. There's all of that kind of stuff. But those main four questions are the main ones who Who are you trying to reach and just kind of sit with that because then that's really all you need to start the process of creating the AI to starting the AI on the process. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna say, this is I'm gonna paste this in here, write a sales letter for a, and what are we wanting to promote? What are you wanting to sell? What do you want to promote a webinar? A challenge? An ebook? Do you wanna do a mini masterclass a course? Is it free? Is it paid?

[1958:53] Brenda Chambliss: Oh, a low ticket course.

[1959:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: A low ticket course K for how much? starters. 47. Okay, 47 sales letter for a, that's great. That's a good price $47 course. Now again, if you struggle to get clients on this, you may need to test out bringing that price down just a little bit to see. And you might drop it down to 47, you might drop it even to $7. If even nobody signs up for it at $7, then I would try to run it for free.

[1966:51] Speaker 1: And if that's the case, and nobody is still signing up for it for free, then we need to start from the drawing board. But I don't think that's going to happen with what you shared with me. Because I know already that there's such a desire for what you're doing here. Okay.

[1970:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Personally, I would charge 27 for this course. So we're just gonna do that. That's what I would charge for many floors. Yeah, for many cord. Yeah, exactly. Make it and this is just an intro, the bigger one definitely needs to be at least $1,000, I think we're going to use this to sell them on a, let's say, let's say $500. Or afterwards, please. And it says based on the above, but actually I want to put below to the differences we were using a different software and above. So when you say above or below, that's a command to the AI to look below the prompt or above it. So I say below and now it knows only pay attention to what's below here because there's nothing actually above it can sometimes figure that out. But then generally I'll put

[1987:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I could describe what it is is a few things we skipped as well. There is a custom instruction that I like to put in here. It's a persona that I can take on an experienced copywriter trained in the industry is best to write a persuasive sales letter. Generally I would copy this into customer instructions or here. And this tells it kind of how to take on a persona. In the Chattahoochee course I explained that a lot more I'm just going to kind of go through this a little bit faster. Because we're at the end here, and I'm going to skip over quite a few things. The problem is if I don't skip over a bunch of stuff people always come back and say Jeremiah never covered this so but right now I'm gonna have to skip through some stuff. So we added that persona gonna tell him to write this and then we're gonna explain what it's writing from below is a conversation transcript about what is being created, and what this course should be, and who to reach that. So we're going to start with this. And here's what's cool, though, is the AI can still help you generate that based on those simple questions. You don't need to have this transcript to be able to even do this. What are those simple questions? Who is the customer? what solution do you offer them? What problem do they have that stopping them from getting there? What does your methodology include? Methodology generally is like how you get them to the finish line. So when I asked these questions, there's a bit of a deeper way of doing that. Oh, wait, no, we're not doing quantum adventures? Oh, gosh. It's it grabbed on to the quantum sales letter here. Let me see where it grabbed. Oh, you know why it's because I grabbed too far up into the transcript. So it just it just merged you and her into the same sales letter. Like what? This is crazy. How do I like combined Brenda with Ariadne and that's what it created? Because we're going to show you how to rewrite your script and story for your mini course on Facebook ads.

[2026:10] Brenda Chambliss: Wanted leads

[2026:50] Speaker 1: that's funny. Okay, let's try this. I deleted that part of it. Now. Let's try this again. Okay, Unlock the secrets to real estate success with Facebook ads. I love that hey there so now this says future real estate mogul. So one thing right away, I guess that could be their stepping into real as a mogul? Are they already successful? That's a question that I have.

[2032:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, there are they already are successful. So they want to be more successful.

[2034:09] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah. And they want to sell the million listings that they have.

[2036:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great. So this is this is the part where if you're generating sales copy, we're going to correct it and we're going to tell it what it got. That's not what we want me to tell it what I got wrong. We're going to tell it what needs to be different.

[2039:28] Speaker 1: Are you tired of watching property sit on the market for ages frustrated by the sound of crickets when you list a home I get it the struggle is real, especially in today's market. What if I told you the way to turn the tide, Facebook Ads Mastery for realtors how to list and sell like a pro. So again, they're already experienced. So this is already misaligned with that. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna say

[2044:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is flows, but please adjust. Please rewrite the above again based on this new information. So it's literally going to change everything that I wrote based off of that one piece of information. Ella state your elevate your real estate game master million dollar listings with Facebook ads, you're no stranger to success. Your portfolio speaks volumes, your name is synonymous with premium real estate. But in a world where million dollar listings are the gold standard, standing out is more crucial than ever. What if I told you there's a golden key to ensuring your luxury properties don't just linger on the market but are sought after by eager buyers? Yeah. How does that sound?

[2055:56] Brenda Chambliss: That sounds great. Okay, sounds like I'm getting some new clients.

[2057:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so the problem is this, in my experience is not very good. I don't like it at all. In fact, it's not going to work well for you. So what we got to do is we got to get it better. And that's where the prompts come in, where we have these steps that we go through. So I'm gonna take that initial one, and we're gonna start to do this we're finding it's like a sifting. It's like we're mining for gold. This is a lot of dirt with some gold in it right now.

[2064:39] Speaker 1: I mean, that like, it looks good to you. But to me, because of my experience, I can tell you, you're going to lose a lot of money if you try to run out with this. Don't do that. So what we're going to do is we're gonna add this in here. And we're gonna have the AI answer all these questions now. What are some pain points about them? Write out some objections they might have deregistering. What keeps them up at night? What's their three daily frustrations? What's their built in biases? What do they secretly desire in terms of success? Well, what are some headlines for the above, and now it's gonna start to write some copy on this a difficulty standing out, reaching the right audience. So it's going to start to generate this and this is going to start to bring into alignment, the next output. They're not keeping up with ever evolving digital marketing trends. Properties are lingering. They're losing high value clients to competitors.

[2078:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Quantity over quality over quantity, skepticism of generalized solutions. They're skeptical here It's former high value listings in the sold signposts overnight. Exclusive strategies to attract luxury buyers on Facebook. Okay, your Million Dollar Listing is getting lost in a sea of luxury properties. Despite your success, digital landscapes evolving, traditional methods aren't cutting it, you're left watching sales slip through your fingers, that I think that's closer to I think the better way that you say it. But we're going to dive even deeper here. And we're really going to simulate their experience right now. And so by simulating the experience, what we actually do is we actually, the prompting is literally just a series of prompts to simulate what their future looks like as well as their past. Okay, so there's this line of like dream outcome right here. But this is what's called an epiphany, bridge. Identity. And so we've just paste this from this document right here. I just copied it, pasted it the epiphany bridge prompt, you can read through it on your own time. It tells it to identify the main problem, and it fills in these template fields below to answer the questions right here to create a backstory about your client and how they got to the finish line. This is what simulates that up and down experience. The main problem is standing out and selling the solution once upon a time. And this is weird, but like, let's go with it with me here. You're not going to use this. It's just for the AI ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WORLD luxury estate, real estate was a battlefield where I find myself constantly struggling to make listing stand out. Despite having a portfolio of million dollar homes, the most I can only dream of was echoing in silence, my desire simply attainable. So I don't really read through a lot of this anymore when I do this, but you can on your own time. The AI is basically creating a simulation of how they got to the point of realizing that they need to run Facebook ads and that's what we want to do. And now what we're gonna do is we're gonna do this what's called this two step outcome generator. And this is where we create the dream outcome of basically your top clients. This is the fantasy. This is the fantasy that's generated upon a warm, vibrant morning in the not so distant future luxury real estate agent sepsis Espresso from a balcony from a stunning property he just sold.

[2115:52] Speaker 1: This isn't just any sale. It's record breaking, sprawling real estate for $500 5 million over the asking price. My goodness, that's a little bit unrealistic right here. So let's bring that down to earth. Right. What do you say they're trying to sell $25 million listings. 50 $100 million listings? Or what's the price point here?

[2121:17] Brenda Chambliss: Oh, five to 10.

[2121:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so can you so that's where, okay, right away? I get I put pause here. Because I'm like,

[2124:15] Speaker 1: we're not necessarily raising up the next Ryan serhant. But we're, you know, but we're trying to we're not necessarily like raising up the next all these real estate shows. You're not creating those people. But you're trying to maybe like where were they before they got on those TV shows? Right? Yeah, yeah, that like they're not. This is speaking to somebody's future, like actually like having their own real estate show. That's crazy. Okay. Please adjust the above outcome based on the price point of five to $10 million homes, Max. Okay, there we go. So that's where we kind of bring the outcome down to earth right here. It's refined, Jordan, ambitious real estate agent, previously found success in mid range markets, but aspire to dominate the niche of five to $10 million luxury homes. His goal was to transition seamlessly into this segment of the market. Does that sound a little bit closer to what you're doing? Yeah. Awesome. Let's help Jordan now. Okay.

[2140:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what it is, is, it's like it's talking about he stands on the beautiful manicured lawn of a $10 million dollar hole estate that he just sold, reflecting on his newfound success. Okay. Now, this is where we do dive deeper into it. And this part is where it gets fun because it's like, I tell it to can you dive deeper into the outcome? Dig deeper into the future outcome and experience and brainstorm and generate some ideas? Okay. Well, we use the word brainstorm. We allow it to basically leave the rails of what we said and to generate new ideas. Anytime you use the word brainstorm. With AI, it's a trigger for it to come up with new ideas that you didn't even talk about. So you could tell it brainstorm, like for instance, brainstorm new ways that I could take my knowledge of XYZ and build a business and it'll create like 20 business ideas for you that you never even thought about possibly. Pretty fun. Industry Vanguard, elite clientele, philanthropic ventures, right. This could be his future right here. global expansion technology innovation He learned your course. And now he's creating virtual reality tours and all that like this, that I could say could be a future that some of your clients could go to. We're going to bring this now back down to earth, I have this. This is a questionnaire right here that came from our sales copy mastery call that we're doing. And we're hosting one of these live events. Next week, Friday and Saturday, we're doing a live funnel building and sales, copy the experience. It's the two day experience that we're doing, where we're going to do what we've done today. And we're going to help people with all six steps, not just the sales copy.

[2170:03] Speaker 1: So that's our quarterly mastermind that we do, it's not enough, it's not actually quarterly, because I'm not committing to it being quarterly, but I do it two to three times a year, probably two or three times a year. It's really it's more of a bi yearly, but I usually add a third one in there somewhere.

[2174:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so three times a year in the accelerator, we meet for two whole days from 11am to 5pm, and we're going to go down all six steps, finding your niche, copy, we really spent a lot of time in the copy, then helping you with your funnel, the tech stuff, the ads, the promotion, the all that. And so it's really encompasses all that. So let's say that you're on here today. And you're like Jeremiah, this is all great, but I need stuff that's different than what you're talking about here. That's what we're going to be spending the two days after Valentine's day doing.

[2184:03] Speaker 1: So I actually came up with these questions right here. That's why I say this. From one that we did last year, I took all the transcripts, I told it, if you create a questionnaire of how to

[2187:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: really dial it said much quicker with one prompt, what would that be, I'm going to take today's transcript, I'm going to create a new prompt that actually gets y'all to the finish line even quicker from today's session, which is fun. There'll be like questions that you can fill out and some of the so you can fill in these questions if you want to as well. But I like to have the AI generate them. Given the context of the fictional narratives, what we're going to do is we're going to kind of get one look over this does this sound like who you're trying to reach?

[2195:33] Speaker 1: And this is where you get to really put some scrutiny on this, like you're looking over your taxes right now. Okay? This is your taxes right here. And you're going to want to and you want to make sure that the IRS does not at you. And you're going to look over this and you're gonna make sure is this true or not about who I want to reach? And anything? That's not we're gonna change it. Okay. Difficulty in distinguishing their luxury listings in a saturated market. Is that true or not about your client

[2203:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: struggling to attract high net worth buyers effectively. Listing five to $10 million homes languished without attracting the right offers, which they just kind of sit there.

[2207:24] Speaker 1: Despite having success, they found themselves overlooked. Due to ineffective marketing, you already told me that was true and other faces? Are there any of these that are not correct? Do they want to become a recognized authority in the luxury real estate market? Yes,

[2211:50] Brenda Chambliss: they do. Okay.

[2212:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Which is interesting, because you never said that to me necessarily. But the AI picked that up from what you said. It's the simulator selling a high value property swiftly above asset or above asking, build a network of high net worth individuals. Do they want that? Yes. But you're gonna teach them Facebook ad that's how the program works by providing specialized training in Facebook ads. And you're gonna teach them how to leverage digital marketing to reduce sales cycles and increase profitability that sounds right.

[2221:54] Speaker 1: Here's a potential case study again, this is not true or false or anything, it's just an idea. Hey, study can detail an agent who ever applying the strategy saw 50% reduction in the cycle? 20% increase in average sales price, does that sound pretty reasonable?

[2226:08] Brenda Chambliss: That sounds reasonable. Yeah. That's like a

[2226:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: realistic like, within like, just taking the course they might be able to do that.

[2227:34] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah. Do you are certain for the for the record, that the ads do you think that that will produce results or, or not?

[2231:00] Speaker 1: What do you mean by that?

[2231:16] Brenda Chambliss: Uh, okay. So we are going through this to get the sales copy. Yeah. But you know, to generate the type of agent that I'm looking for, do you think that those ads would work? But you know what I'm saying Do you think I would be able to generate results or get those potential luxury agents to want to come in I'm not for you, do you?

[2240:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you know how to run Facebook ads already that know how to do that? No.

[2242:55] Brenda Chambliss: I know a little bit about it. I know how it works, but I have never gone in. Okay.

[2244:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great. Awesome, then that's where we want, we might want to align this offer a little bit closer to your experience. So that is it, that it is also honest, and that you're not overselling something that's really hard for you to deliver on. Right? Does that make sense? Because that's, that's the risk here. Yeah. And I find that to be very risky, as far as that goes on your on your part as far as that goes. But here's the cool part by you working with clients, you'll get better at that. You'll get better at running the ads as far as that goes. So if you don't have a lot of experience running ads to do this, it may be interesting to go back to the drawing board and define an offer that might be about like starting to use ads. And so tell me like a little bit about what you have done with ads and what you've helped people do already. And that's where bringing in your actual clients stories is really key. If you don't have clients stories, that's fine. But

[2260:36] Brenda Chambliss: well, well, what I have been able to do, I've been able to use Google. Okay, not not Google ads, but I've been able to use the Google business profile to generate listings. I've done that for myself. So I'm confident that I can do that for other agents. But I was thinking specifically, I have some other realtors that aren't luxury agents, and they get listings, and they get stuck with them. They get, you know, five, six $7 million listings. That's good. But if you don't sell them, then it's what's the point? Yeah. So but maybe Facebook ads won't work for them?

[2275:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. I told you I don't have experience in doing real estate ads. Never done them before.

[2277:13] Brenda Chambliss: I can see as you're going through this. It's like a process of elimination. what will and won't? won't, won't work. So yeah, maybe I might need to shift my niche to simply helping local agents to leverage the power of Google business

[2284:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: or digital marketing in general, not as specific as Facebook ads, how to use internet marketing. To

[2287:13] Brenda Chambliss: do their business. Yeah, because that's what I know.

[2289:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool, so I'm gonna do this. We know how to use Google business profile and other digital marketing tools. But we aren't an expert on using FB Ads to do this. And this is where just brainstorming we get to come up with this. And that's why I've had some people argue they're like Jeremiah, you shouldn't have us make copy about stuff we can't do. Well, it inspired Brenda to be able to get more clarity on what she actually can do. Because it became tangible in your mind. It became more than just an idea. And it actually became realistic as to what you're gonna promise people.

[2297:48] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah, so. So Jeremiah, remember what you said. It's not just the information but the transformation because someone else can have the same information that you have, but because of the process that you go through. It helps with transformation and they Yeah.

[2307:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what we're going to do, and this is great, because none of this is wasted that we're doing here, is we're gonna tell it to re answer all these questions right here. See, what we just did was basically you found what we just did in this process. It's kind of like chat, GBT is your accountant and they're trying to write off like, hookers and strippers and you're just like, first off. I know my son might have done that but we're not writing that off in the business right that's a very extreme brash example but it's like that's why I said scrutinize it on that okay great struggling to increase online visibility to attract leads stellar properties. For Google visibility, achieved top visibility and Google searches for luxury real estate in the market air area, generate consistent high quality leads with an optimized online presence. Changing step by step how to optimize your Google business profile to use digital marketing tools effectively, providing strategies maybe for content creation, online reputation, reputation management, and SEO maybe. Okay. Okay, cool. So for the sake of this example, what I'm gonna do now is my favorite prompt. Remember, I said you don't use the first sales letter that creates? Here's where I take the second one, and I have it right to sales letters. I do one that's conversational and informal, and the other one that's in the tone of my mom. And the reason why we use my mom's tone is because it's trained on all the sales copy that her and I wrote together over the years. So the AI is actually trained on my work. Wow, by using the word in the tone of Sandy for kowski. We didn't submit for them to do that they trained it on all the stuff that we did over the years.

[2335:58] Speaker 1: Are you watching your stunning properties get lost in a vast Digital Ocean struggling to make your property stand out to affluent clientele. I understand it navigating the complex world of digital marketing you feel can feel like a needle in a haystack. Believe me, I've been in those shoes, spending hours tweaking online profiles, dabbling in various digital tools only to see minimal results just to be frustrated, and to say the least, that at that moment, you realize your dream listings are just sitting there going unnoticed. And you can really question Is it all worth it? Does that sound like the experience of your client?

[2345:37] Speaker 2: Yes. So

[2346:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where the emotion comes through here. And now that's going to attract somebody who that's what their experience is what they're experiencing. What if I told you there's a better way, I want to invite you to this game changing. It says free webinar because the prompts are based on a webinar. So if we do in you rewrite this for a $27 mini course. Right now we're going to get a reframe it around the fact that it's a $27 mini course, and add a little bit of what's expected maybe for a course

[2355:18] Speaker 1: finding luxury listings lost in the digital wilderness, pouring effort into your online presence, barely to see a blip on your target audiences radar, I feel you it's like prepping for a grand opening only to have the world walk right past your door.

[2359:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've walked that frustrating path, watch my prized listings gather digital dust, wondering if the digital marketing gods had just had it. Maybe you remove digital marketing Gods if you feel like that. But it's just that's the AI coming up with ideas. And so that's where you can tweak certain things like that and be able to do this. And this gives you an idea of a starting point of what to do. And then that's where what I like to do is what I showed Dorothy and Ariadne is how to turn this into what they had. By bringing even more depth and emotion into the story. And really dialing that in this is close, but it's not quite there. And it doesn't really speak to the tone of the person that you're looking to reach. So generate me and this is where I would start a whole new chat GPT start a brand new fresh one. It's having some trouble generating this. So we're just going to copy this first one here. Sometimes this is good, sometimes it's not. Again, I don't like those outputs. That's why if you go through this like five times and you have it regenerate, and start to hone this in and adjust the tone and do that it starts to get much better. Well, you just have to write all this manually, and just pull in copy from everywhere. And

[2379:38] Speaker 1: so generate an image based on the following. So the experience of someone who might buy this course, and their end was results. Again, I know I'm failing at the typing here. But there we go.

[2385:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you can turn this into Facebook ads. And you can turn this into a sales copy. And you can turn this into all those different things.

[2389:26] Brenda Chambliss: As far as that goes. You could do a digital course and sell it on how to use a

[2392:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not going my my program encompasses that now. But yeah,

[2393:41] Brenda Chambliss: but I'm seeing all these different ideas that come to my head about

[2394:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you could do that too. You could teach them how to use AI to help promote their marketing. That's it. And that might be even more aligned as far as that goes. So that's where I guess a lot of the ideas that's where we pivot the niche. We adjust it we do stuff like that come into play. You know, I find a lot of people join a program like this. And they're looking for just like one tip that's going to make them a millionaire. And I want to help it work out better for you. So that visual representation is interesting. That looks more like they're flipping the house. Yeah. That looks more like they're flipping a house.

[2407:46] Speaker 1: And not really resonates with what we're doing. We're really trying to speak to the type of agents we're trying to help.

[2410:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Please adjust the above to fit, they're experienced as an agent, as the end result from using these tools. And this worst, okay, so we're not necessarily trying to sell them a tool that also looks like somebody is trying to sell like software that helps them flip a house. Like if you were selling maybe an a robot that did house flipping for you, that might be what you would look like. But that's where we got to really start to align it as far as the visual representation goes. And this is unfortunately, why most people's Facebook ads don't work. There we go. So that can be their struggle. They're still successful, but they're struggling to thriving right here. Yeah. Right. So now, rewrite the above sales letter based on the above experience in the tone of the person who might sign up for this to get them to sign up and I'll put this through Facebook ads. We're going to run Facebook ads for this force to get people to buy 27 Dog course. Okay, so we're explaining that now here we go. ever felt like your luxury luxury listings are just floating in digital SEO. Notice you're pouring your heart and soul in your online presence, but it feels like you're shouting into the void. I've been there. Trust me. It's like hosting a grand opening, but nobody shows up. What if I told you there's a way out of this frustrating loop? Imagine flipping the script to having your listings not just seen but actively sought after? Game Changing digital mastery for luxury real estate? Just $27. That's pretty cool. You could teach AI on that you could teach many courses not just a run of the mill tutorial. It's your ticket to digital marketing with the big leagues. So what do you feel about that? What do you feel about this language?

[2442:58] Brenda Chambliss: Yeah, that's holding it into closer getting closer to

[2444:33] Speaker 1: Okay. What's not quite there?

[2446:41] Brenda Chambliss: I think what's missing it feels it doesn't feel like there's a story and yeah

[2451:15] Speaker 0: it just feels kind of mechanical. Yeah, exactly.

[2452:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: From invisible to Invincible my digital journey and luxury real estate. Let me share with you a story. Once upon a not so far time, I was just like you navigating the treacherous waters of digital real estate, the digital real estate market. So now it's about selling digital real estate. So that's not true. Yeah, that's weird. Feels to mechanical like aI like a robot feels like it's not personal. These are people who make a real personal connection. totally off base. Please rewrite the above again. Okay. So now let's see if we can make it feel a little bit more human my journey from digital shadows to spotlight success. Let's get real for a moment picture this late at night. There I was sitting in my dimly lit office scrolling my listings online. Despite all my efforts and passion. They seem to vanish into thin air lost in the sea of digital content. It's like throwing a party, the party of the century and realizing you forgot to send out the invites. Here's a twist. By chance I stumbled upon something that sounded good. That's somebody telling the story of this. Can you write this from the perspective of the person who is selling this course? Will you want to promote this on a sales letter or a $27 course to get people to buy it, please adjust on that direction. Problem is the AI forgets a lot of what it was doing and then it starts to like, get squirrely and you gotta like really loop it back to what what? where you're going? Have you ever felt like your luxury listings were whispers in the world of digital noise spent countless hours crafting the perfect online presence and when they see minimal engagement that's a little bit better. Yeah, I know the struggle to well, it's like throwing the grandest openings, yet the world seems to stroll on by here to share a story, not just story, but a transformation that rewrote my destiny. Now I want to offer to you

[2485:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's one of the things is kind of, that's where we loop it. And we start telling that story more and doing that. And so that's where, again, dialing the sand a little bit, really honing in on what parts of this you don't like, that you think could be better, how it could improve expressing that, things like that. And then another thing that you can do is you could take a sales letter. And you could just have the AI kind of rewrite an existing sales letter. Based on based on that. As far as that goes, this is not working.

[2499:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: The other thing that we didn't do is we didn't add in a expanded pain points, headline generator, all of that. And so.

[2503:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, like I said, we could sit here longer, I do need to get going. Was any of this helpful to kind of give you some clarity as to how you can use chat GPT, to start to start to do this, start to dial this in.

[2507:14] Brenda Chambliss: Very helpful. Okay.

[2508:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what I love is you could do take the above and convert to Facebook ads. So again, I think there's some improvement and some work to do with this copy for you as well, I know you, you probably said the same thing, I think it needs a little bit more, there's something missing. And I'm not quite sure to put my finger on it. And I think in my experience that's going to come after we leave this time together. This is where one of the biggest mistakes people make with sales copy is your focus, focus, focus and try to make it better in one sitting. And that's the beauty of everybody thinks it's the stupidest advice that I say, but go do something fun that's completely unrelated to trying to write this copy. And then the spark of an idea of what's missing will come to you and then you'll be able to come in and put that in here. I'm not experienced in the world of selling real estate at all. So I am pulling from that. Does that make me a failure as a coach to you? It could it might, you might consider that. But as well, what I what I can do is I can give you a process and coach you on as far as how to use these tools to get better and to get much closer to the finish line than even maybe where you were yesterday.

[2528:26] Brenda Chambliss: That's sounds good. Yeah, sounds good. It's been very helpful. Just wanted the process.

[2529:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Oh, it says I'm not able to share this. But what I can do is I can share with you. Just in our Facebook group over here, I can share with you in the comments. I can share it right here to some of these ideas that have generated I'm not sure if they're any good, but I'll put them there. And then are you in our Facebook group? Yes. That's perfectly appropriate. Their arguments are fixed. I'll just tag you with my other account there. But it's on here. What streaming in the group, there's the copyright there you have it, you're able to find that so I'm glad that was helpful. Again, we host these once a month these type of copywriting calls on Mondays. We meet up and we take questions i This coming Monday is is this is our training and q&a day. Yeah, so I have a live training that I'm gonna do the first hour basically, it's going to be a training that I put together. And I spend I spent a couple hours doing that maybe like two three hours putting the training together. And what what it is, is I look over all of the questions. This is where the the otter AI transcripts get really fun. And this is what our upcoming course all about doing really good group coaching comes from, is I look over all the questions, all the transcripts, all these sessions that we've been doing for the last month and I look at what is one thing that I can teach you in one hour. That's going to move the needle forward for everyone. Are you in the group, and that's every member in the group, not just y'all. That's why this is a specialized copywriting call. On Monday, the training is kind of what's gonna move the needle forward for everybody in the group. And then we take q&a after that. And then the week after that is our live q&a, it does not have on this list here, however, and that's 70 that I do need to tell. My team members, it's our offer Launchpad event is not on here. So we need to add that is not on this list again. For fortunately, I do apologize that there's nothing on there. For me, I take it seriously, when something is missing as far as something that is going to serve our clients well. Because I can't, I can't pass the blame to any of our team members. It's a failure on my part as our leader of our team, that this isn't that that's not here. So sorry, if that's brought a little bit of confusion, and we will we were going to make a post in the group. Because we had so many calls coming up this week, we hadn't made a post about it. But that's how we're gonna kind of clear all these different calls, it's gonna get a lot a lot cleaner. There are emails that are scheduled to go out tonight, with reminder and information for offer Launchpad, we're going to add all the login details for that year. We used to just add all the details and then like people got real confused because they're like, Well, I just want to know what the upcoming one is. And so we generally will only post like links to the upcoming ones like within maybe a week before. Like for instance, the copywriting call the next one that we're having is it's always on the second Tuesday of every month. So the next one that we're having whatever the second Tuesday of March is, that's when the next copywriting call is and you can bring anything to the table to be able to go over that here's our copywriting post was a little further down because we had a five day intensive as well, the same week. So we streamed a lot of those in here. But this was the original like copywriting post that we posted. January 30. Just letting people know this right here, so Alrighty. So I'm gonna log off we got our Monday call coming up. And then we have our offer Launchpad. Happy Valentine's Day to everybody coming up as well next week. If you are single, go, take, take good care of yourself go out for dinner, something like that. Maybe find a date. If you don't have a date. Don't feel super upset or angry with yourself either sad, or is it that's hard to say that right? I remember when I was single and it was Valentine's Day was really hard. So but for those that are that are not single, you know, enjoy, enjoy that as well. I think I think Valentine's Day is kind of an interesting motivator for like relationships to have, you know, whatever I feel I have some clients. They're like, Well, I'm gonna be single forever and no kids. I'm like, great. That's great for you. Awesome. Keep at it. So I'm like, I'm not trying to force my my version of like, what I think your life should be on anybody. You guys know that. So. Alrighty. See y'all on Monday.

