2 BONUS SESSIONS - SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
Date: 2024-02-06T22:22:03.000Z
Duration: 130 min
Otter ID: daxezJ_cvHsuKGQwoPrkkvCsS6Y
---

[0:26] Speaker 0: All righty. Let's do this. We're gonna go live across a couple of various platforms. Let me see here

[7:45] Speaker 0: and then we got a few people in the waiting room. Hello, hello, hello

[10:30] Speaker 0: how are you? I hope you're doing well. Welcome, welcome in How are you, Daisy?

[12:31] Speaker 1: Doing good. Thanks.

[12:50] Speaker 0: Thanks for having me. What's uh

[14:06] Speaker 1: Where's everybody? Yeah.

[14:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where's everybody at? Well, so people don't usually show up at the beginning of these q&a is very much. And it's actually a really great example of what happens when you don't have any sort of purpose or reason for people to show up to listen to you. As that, you know, the value of listening to me, I think is exponential. You can ask me any question you want. But because I haven't, we haven't anchored at around some sort of a reason for people to actually be here or take it seriously. People say, oh, there's no reason to be there. And so I can I can run an event where I have hundreds of people come on and join me and listen. But then if I'm like, Hey, come ask me questions. Like nobody shows up. Isn't that interesting? My

[26:54] Speaker 1: husband's here. We've been like, we've been kind of riffing on business for the last hour, so

[28:30] Speaker 0: Oh, very cool. I've been I've been I've been I've been texting my pastor for the last hour.

[30:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, we've been doing Yeah. So cool.

[31:04] Speaker 0: So you got you got some some stuff you want to talk about? or discuss? Or?

[32:14] Speaker 1: Yeah, we're just we're just we're kind of battling things back and forth. Because he's, he's talking about write down your long term goal and make it as concise or as general and he's super good, because he ends up mentoring a lot of different people. And I mentor gardeners and stuff. And, but we both love 2017. Like, I created a program, wrote a book and did all this stuff. And then I feel like I got stuck in cement. And yeah, I did some goal casting and we landed, we landed, like, I was able, like he's retired him. He's not really retired. But um,

[42:34] Speaker 0: you want to be retired? Or do you like I don't know if I can ever

[43:12] Speaker 2: be completely retired.

[43:35] Speaker 0: I'm with you right there. Man.

[43:59] Speaker 2: I agree. People need me too much. And I need to do something to stay active. So I think that goes with it. But I think that's a good thing. I think it's beautiful. I've run several businesses, and I've worked for a lot of different businesses. So

[47:55] Speaker 0: the audience just cut out here I was switching screens here. Can you repeat that real quick.

[49:12] Speaker 2: I said, I've owned a lot of businesses and work for a lot of businesses. I've seen people I've made people, millionaires, I've, you know, I've made money, my own self, I've done all kinds of different things. But I haven't really played around with the online stuff. And so it's intriguing to me to see what that world is all about. And so I'm excited to be supportive of what my wife's trying to do with that. And, you know, she's dumped a lot of time and energy into me, helping me to be successful and doing what I was doing to get us to where we're at. But now we're at a place where we got a little bit of breathing room. So I would like to see, you know, this this season be a season of developing something new and exciting. And so she's got a lot of ideas. And she's, she's like a horse, she got that 360 degree view around her. But unless you put the blinders on, she she has trouble staying on track of what she's doing to move forward. And so she a lot of these things she's frustrated about and all this distractions and everything else going on. I'm like, You need to pick a spot on the horizon and move towards that spot. Because every single squirrel that runs across the trail is a distraction. And you're like, you need to figure out what squirrels you need to pay attention to what you don't if the snakes right in the middle of the trail, you got to pay attention to if it's off in the ditch the kids not in striking distance. Just keep moving. Yeah. So to try to get things kind of nailed down a little bit. Yeah, I think it's beautiful. And so if you've got anything to speak to that, yeah, yeah. Can you guys hear not really a question, but it's

[72:31] Speaker 0: honestly it's my heart, though, is what you were sharing. So because what's up? Well,

[74:26] Speaker 1: in 2017, I got super focused, I wrote the book I did the course I mentor people. And I got stuck in the mud, but I did some goal casting and praying and stuff. And we've we've three years ago found ourselves in with all that accomplished. I mean, we create like we're superduper close debt free, including the house in a place where we want to be all that stuff. And I want, I've got a Mother Teresa heart, do you know what I mean? And as of 58, helping these kids in foster care, but I really just want to grow things to teach people how to grow things. Because there's people who have this little patch of grass in their yard, and they're dreaming about what we have, we have a three acre homestead. And I want to help them do what they can with what they have. Because the people, the weak ones get left behind when times get hard. And like, I want to help the, you know what I'm saying? It's just real ground. And I'm from Appalachia, and my people didn't have a grocery store. So I want to help people, if they don't have a grocery store, you know what I mean? That kind of mentality? Can

[92:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can I share a little bit of my thoughts real quick, and I can listen a little bit on this. So and again, I don't mean to, like, interrupt you or disregard anything you're saying or trying to speak over you. I hear what you're saying. I think that it's amazing. You guys are married? Yes. I think it's amazing. And you you believe that, like God brought you together? 100%? Yeah. Because I believe that both of y'all are right on in your approach to things. The thing is, is that it's going to require y'all to get both on the same page a little bit more.

[102:19] Speaker 0: Okay. And, and that's mutual sites. That's, and I think that, that, that, that, that for my wife, and I, that's been a big part for us and our business, too. Anyways, I'm not an expert in marriage, honestly, I am probably the last person you should be listening to on marriage advice. So I'm going to move on from that.

[109:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Talk about what I actually have a track record in, which is business on the internet. Because it's really, I think, the only thing that I have any right to talk about right now on that, you know, my wife and I, we've been married for seven years now. And it's been hard, it's been very hard. So I'm, by the way, I totally respect if anybody loses all respect for me, because I said that totally fine. With this, I, I really think that we have to get our head out of the clouds and become effective in the present moment. And we can't be tethered to what we did in the past. It's one of the big things right.

[121:33] Speaker 0: At the same time, we have to have a vision for where we're going. But we have to create practical strategies for what can I do in the next the next 30 days, the next week? The next 60 days? Um, you know, a lot of people talk about five year goals, I look at things in generally 18 month increments, I have what I call my big, hairy audacious goal. You ever read the book Good to Great by Jim Collins? No. Okay. So the book Good to Great is really incredible. It's about how, what companies that are that that are that survive hard times go to become great and actually go beyond what they've done. That's been great. And it has a concept in it that is borrowed from Japanese culture you've ever heard of a guy?

[135:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so if a guy is this concept in Japanese culture that is all about finding purpose in your life. And what it involves is it involves, let me see if I can pull up a diagram for this right here. I'm trying to if it looks like I'm, like, disconnected and ignoring you, I've got like stuff all over my screen that I'm trying to organize. So one thing that you'll learn about me is that I'm I'm not very organized, but I'm getting better. My wife is like an organization. Genius. So it's great. Passion, mission, vocation, profession, what are you good at? What do you love? What does the world need? And I think this is really one of the most important what can you get paid for?

[147:15] Speaker 0: Because it's about what can you build, build something that is sustainable, that you can grow? And so in business, we talk about business, it's about what we can get paid for. He calls it the hedgehog. What is it? You're the hedgehog effect? Is that what it is? Jim Collins, if I look it up, you have the hedgehog concept. So he only has three aspects of it. What are you deeply passionate about? What can you be the best in the world at and what drives your economic engine? And that challenges our beliefs about ourselves, it challenges what we look at with other people, especially if you have a heart for people. You can be like, Well, I don't want to be the best in the world and anything because then that means that other people are hurting. And that means that they're left behind as far as that goes. And if we only focus on what we're passionate about it It means that while we might be able to be the best at what we're doing like Mother Teresa, maybe some people think that she was the most evil person depends on who you talk to. But there's no economic driver behind it, you have to find some kind of economic driver. So that's why a lot of nonprofits connect with businesses, and they take in donations and things like that. And that's how they're run. And so really, this is what makes the world work is understanding how can we bring all three of those together and really do all three of them. Because passion alone is not sustainable. You have to do something that's going to make you money, and you have to be excellent at it.

[169:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so with all of that combined, here's the here's the here's the crazy part about it. None of that matters, period. If you can't tangibly connect with people,

[173:02] Speaker 0: we can you know, have you ever seen the tortured poet idea of you have all these great ideas that torture genius who has all ideas, but everyone thinks they're crazy, and nobody's willing to listen to them. That's how I played the victim and defined myself as for years, was this person that felt so smart, and nobody could see my value. And the problem was, I couldn't communicate, I was homeschooled. I grew up in a very religious household, in a small town where we actually very had very little money whatsoever growing up, and I saw what happened when my mom made a decision to get on the internet and start a business and she made a million dollars. And this was 30 years ago, that my mom did that. Now, here's the thing. The fact that my mom was a millionaire 30 years ago makes me uniquely not positioned to give you very good advice. Because I have not experienced in 30 years, what many people have experienced, that have not had incredible money, and a lot of people were not, did not grow up with wealthy parents. Um,

[192:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: but whether you believe me or not, my mom encouraged me to never build on just what she gave me and to think for myself. And I also grew up with a dad that had no motivation, no drives, and was one of the most apathetic, lazy humans on the planet Earth. And, and I saw him when he was fired from his job, deteriorate mentally, physically, emotionally.

[199:49] Speaker 0: And he is such a, I don't want to talk about that much, because honestly, I'm classier and better than that. But he's not a man I look up to and respect at all. So I've had other men in my life that I find respect for what does any of that matters? Some of you are like, Jeremiah, you're you're the biggest freakin time waster that talks in circles, get to the point, and I get it, I understand it. It's annoying to you, especially if you're somebody who values conciseness, right. You know, I had somebody write me last week told me that honestly, I should just kill myself because of the fact that I talk in circles and can't ever get to the point. I disagree with their assessment. And I hope that that person who wrote me is watching this right now. Because here's the thing, nobody can stop me. Because this stuff works. Because I have a heart. And I mentioned to see people pulled up out of poverty, and have a better life for themselves as well. And I believe that the internet provides that, you know, just two years ago, it would cost you 500 to $1,000 per month just to have a chance to have a successful business on the internet. If you didn't have $1,000 to start per month. Don't even try. Okay, now check out what happened with inflation, things have gotten more expensive. So does that mean now that it costs you $3,000 $5,000 a month to even have a chance? Some people think so. But there are new tools that have popped up with artificial intelligence, which cost you about $20 a month, and a tool called systemic IO, which you can get started with, for free to build a marketing funnel. The problem with systemic IO is that it's extremely complicated to learn if you don't know what you're doing. And so what I encourage people to do is that if you have this a little bit of money, I utilize Squarespace and I get started on Squarespace. 30 something bucks a month. It's one of the easiest platforms to use. My site is built on Squarespace, Jeremiah krakowski.com. This is built on Squarespace. And then when people join my accelerator program, I work with them through this one thing. And this is this is really, I am as I said, I'm not qualified to talk about marriage. I'm not qualified to talk about parenting. I'm not qualified to talk about building apps starting brick and mortar businesses. Like I guarantee you that you that y'all are way more knowledgeable about the brick and mortar business world than I ever could hope to be right now. I'm sure right cuz you've not done stuff online, you've done stuff in person. Correct? What kind of businesses have you built?

[241:46] Speaker 2: Construction Business

[242:10] Speaker 0: construction business. I'm even more stupid with that. And again, I know some people, some people think saying the word stupid is bad. I'm not well, and here's here's the thing. I don't know, construction at all, if that was her, that

[245:59] Speaker 2: was great as a young man's game. And now you know, I'm in my 50s. Now, you know what I mean? Like, that era of my life. You

[247:52] Speaker 0: can hire people to do stuff. I don't I don't the house that saved my life. You

[249:19] Speaker 2: could 20 years ago, you can't today. It's a different world. It just you can't trust people to get the job.

[251:10] Speaker 0: No, right. My wife and I, we bought a house. It was built in 1991. Why did I buy this house? Because I knew it was built right. It's been standing in the same location since 1991. Oh, you're muted. Oh, well,

[255:20] Speaker 1: yeah. Well, in what would you have the I was like an executive assistant, to someone who did the coaching world. All the tools, I sat there. But then I couldn't do it, though. Yeah. So David, when you said that I was like, Oh, my gosh, what is this about? I was about this, but I can't do there's

[261:37] Speaker 2: crossover, there's crossover. And every single thing you do so even house, you have to have a vision of what you want the house to look like, right? From the architect or whether that comes from your mind,

[264:29] Speaker 0: on site to do early to have the thing, the only thing that I'm really good at is the coaching world online courses and memberships.

[266:31] Speaker 2: That's it. It's building a different kind of house. Yeah, it's

[267:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's the architecture is the structure. So systemic IO is basically Squarespace, the funnel that all of that that's basically the architecture. Um, I have all the blueprints up here. But I've also recorded them in courses that we put together, we're starting to organize those, we're putting them together. My podcast, I have a podcast as over 250 episodes, where I have downloaded the blueprints on how to build these businesses for free that I give away to people. In the coaching world, my YouTube channel, that's what it is, I give this information for free, I provide access to my time to do this. Now, why do I do that? Because I am extremely selfish, and money motivated. That's why that's the only reason why I'm here today is because I know that if I can help people for free get results, I'm gonna make a ton of money in my business, because they're gonna, they're gonna be successful. So, like, I love seeing people be successful, but the only reason I do it is so that I can make a ton of money myself. You know what I mean? So, as far as that goes, you've been exposed to the coaching world. You've been exposed to all of that. You want to build a business online, right? Yeah, hard. Are you guys stuck on?

[285:36] Speaker 2: I think right now just getting getting things nailed down as to what direction that we're headed. You know, if I go up to a customer's house, and they say, Hey, I want to build a house right here. Yeah, I'm like, well give me some parameters. I need some dimensions to get Scott mentioned, you

[289:07] Speaker 0: got parameters Daisy,

[289:24] Speaker 2: let me so that's where my wife's got a lot of passion lists and things that she's been wanting to develop that she's been sitting on. She's done everything for everybody else. But she's sitting on her own dream. And they're just welling up inside her, she's ready to buck. So I'm like, give me some parameters. Give him a vision here. I want to get on board with you. And I hear

[294:17] Speaker 0: Can I hear it from her just a little bit real quick. Perfect. What

[295:01] Speaker 1: happened was I created something called the Victory Garden collective in 2000. Because people panicking, I was like, Oh, I can do this. I can help. And I created that. And then we ended up finding our dream place and we're here. And, like, I have I feel like I have like this codependent Facebook group now. And I intentionally wanted to create content and either monetize it, somehow. All of that and then I just, I continue to get sucked away. And then he like created something parallel on YouTube. So we have to set Oh, very cool.

[306:39] Speaker 0: And I'm like, Babe, could you y'all know how to teach people already? You guys got that?

[307:34] Speaker 1: I mean, I've talked at the college level, we both have taught and we have that that thing. And

[309:14] Speaker 0: you know what to teach you probably got ideas of what to teach people right? There's like a

[310:15] Speaker 1: humor element that we get into that won't always know when I do it, but because I sound like I sound people want to listen because the southern accent and then he gets into this Redneck genius thing where he gets the comedy going kind of like red green. So like a dog and pony show in the middle

[314:28] Speaker 0: of that Morgan wall and so on. What's the more he wants on the way I talk?

[316:01] Speaker 1: Oh, I'll have to listen to that. But no people will draw me into conversations just to hear me. So our kids, I could read the back of a cereal box and people will listen. I need I need to find a way just to actually use words and not be afraid to Say things, and that whole thing. So I

[321:08] Speaker 0: gotcha. Yeah. So that's, that's one of the things is definitely, I think the fear of saying the wrong thing. Right? What if you didn't have that?

[323:48] Speaker 1: That'd be nice. And then also just the fear that if we are successful, I don't want anything to tear apart my family. We've worked too hard. We've been married for 17 years.

[326:08] Speaker 0: Well, the problem, the problem when you say tear apart your family, what do you mean by that?

[327:12] Speaker 1: I don't know. Because we go through a lot in our 17 years, and we have almost been torn apart. We've you know, we've, we've gone through the fire and

[329:12] Speaker 0: you're resilient, then you're done. You're uniquely positioned for that not to happen. Here.

[330:37] Speaker 1: Here's the adage, we got a million dollar house, but we have a Picasso in our attic, that's worth 30 million.

[332:08] Speaker 0: And I feel I wouldn't tell people that on the internet.

[333:09] Speaker 1: I'm just saying, in general, that's, that's not for real. I'm just saying the Picasso in our attic is our resilience.

[336:15] Speaker 0: Like, like, if that's true, like you're

[337:57] Speaker 1: the million dollar house is this idea of wanting to teach people like the garden thing and the homestead lot because there's all these people dreaming, but the Picasa and that is the resilience in the fact that we have gone through so much. And it's not pulling us apart, like individuals,

[342:25] Speaker 0: but you got to learn how to do those draw people to you to see the Picasso.

[343:55] Speaker 1: But like, then how do I deliver the batasia? Because I'm gonna be sitting there.

[344:47] Speaker 0: Well, you already know what that is. I think it's stop second guessing yourself on that front.

[346:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think you already know how to deliver it naturally with how you did on your YouTube and what you did in 2000. Right. Right. So a, I would say, trust yourself more on that front that you're probably going to do really good on that side. Just just talking with y'all. I think like you won't, nobody's perfect, but like you'll do, okay. Um, where you got to really dial in, is now I'm talking like you guys, sorry.

[353:43] Speaker 0: I get like that I get like all like caught up and connected with people and start sounding like them. I used to really piss people off because they're like, you making fun of me? I'm like, No, I'm not I just happens. And so, um, you got to really learn how to draw people to the goal that you have. And do so without it taking a lot of your time. And now, here's the thing, though, if you do that, you have to realize that there will be people that are not going to like what you're doing. And you got to become okay with that what people dislike. So the first step that I tell people is you got to have the courage to be disliked by people.

[366:22] Speaker 2: Well, you also have to be able to appreciate your critics, because sometimes they'll tell you information that your friends won't. Yeah,

[367:52] Speaker 0: I say maybe 10% of the time. Yeah. But

[368:56] Speaker 2: there's a sliver of truth that there's a justice or truth, they may just cut you down. But there may be one that was you know, it's interesting, I would take that truth and I'm gonna throw the rest away. Then

[371:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: the more successful you get, though, especially with AI, some of the AI there are some some some of the critics are getting worse. Now they're using AI to figure out how to psychologically tear you down in just the right way that's going to make you question yourself. And oh, I can't hear you. Would you say? You got muted?

[379:09] Speaker 1: Okay, there you go. He made a joke. I muted him on purpose. What works? What?

[381:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Doesn't surprise me? Yeah, a lot of people are that way. And that's nothing against honestly, she sounds pretty smart. To be honest. Yeah. Just not not channeled in the right way. Not directed in the right focus, right. Yeah. And so anyways, no, no, as far as that goes, but like, realize it. Yeah, I think you're right on that. My problem that I had was I listened way too much to my critics. And that's what stopped me. Oh, yeah. So I think it's different for everybody. I think some people are too arrogant. They don't listen to their critics enough for me, and my problem was I listened to them way too much. And that's what hurt me the most. We

[391:11] Speaker 1: got featured on YouTube. And the next week, the same person that interviewed us interviewed Joel Salatin and the other guy that everybody's listened to. Who's got his big Justin, Justin Rhodes, Rhodes. And we have people who were close to us that like it was crickets I'm like, Oh my gosh, when we got the crap kicked out, I was everybody's praying for Sue and all this. We get this exposure. That's unbelievable. Yeah, it is because

[398:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to know why it is it challenges what they believe about themselves and they want to keep you in the same box that you've always been in. Yep. So they want to keep you stuck where you're at, because it's safe, and you're able to be controlled and what benefits them.

[402:33] Speaker 2: So they like crabs. It's like a bucket of crap. But

[403:42] Speaker 0: it doesn't have to be that way. Now that's the problem, though is is I think you aren't, you will lose friends, you will even possibly lose some family members. So, okay. So that's the thing, like, the whole desire to not pull the family together, it's like, there's a spectrum to that, because I think that there's positive and negative to that. My, you know, I can't even I don't even feel comfortable sharing some of the stuff that my family said to me, I don't talk to them. For good reason. You know, my uncle, I'm not gonna, I'm not even gonna say the stuff that he said to me. Like a year ago. My mom, our families hated hated us for years. Because they believe that they're entitled to the money that my mom has made.

[419:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: That they believe that they are entitled to our family, helping them with their situation. Yep, that we are evil, because we don't give them money. The problem is that when we ever have give them money, they lied about it, they've used in the wrong way and all that. So

[423:47] Speaker 0: I got I get messages from family members telling me to take stuff down off the internet, because it's gonna have people coming after them. So yeah, you know, it is what it is. But focus on developing the life that you want to have.

[428:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's one thing, have the courage to be disliked. You got out and make sacrifices. So that's important, your that's going to be a sacrifice to go out there. as well. People are not always going to fit into your expectations of what you think they should do like to praise you to say that they like you and appreciate you. And they're not supposed to. And most of the time, we're not going to until you really oftentimes, a lot of our friends are going to make new friends. Things like that. So that's the biggest thing that I had to do in my life is I had to make new friends. I had to realize it's okay, if I lose friends things like that.

[437:46] Speaker 0: problem. My problem was, I didn't just lose friends, they would threaten me with a lot of them. And they would they would try to hurt us they would try to steal our money. Yeah, it happened a lot. Yeah. Those were friends that I had that I called close

[442:21] Speaker 1: friends. How did you like sustain through all that? Well,

[444:02] Speaker 0: it was really hard, I got really angry, like anyone would lot of false accusations to try to tear me down. And my mom,

[446:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: my wife to Gosh, I'm even thinking sorry, she shared with me. It's funny as like, that's our story. You know, it's funny me sharing that story. If I share that with the wrong people, they get afraid. They're like, I don't want to associate with somebody that everybody seems to say they don't want to hang out with and hates, right. Because I'm the black sheep and a lot of circles, some people see. And I know that and there's actually I've lost business from people because they're like, I don't want to associate with Jeremiah, because he's the black sheep and all these circles, right? You know, you are who you associate with all that type of stuff. And so for me, I had to really work through legitimately number one not caring what they think.

[458:07] Speaker 0: I had to work on my mental health and my own mental strength, I had to learn to love myself, regardless of people disliking me. I had to learn to not worry about people's accusations or thinking the worst about me. And really feel confident in my own integrity, regardless of what anybody else says. And so, you know, for instance, we there's, there's a lot of messages taught these days about, you know, your only value in business as your reputation. If that's the case, I have zero value in the business world in most circles, because of my reputation around my ideas.

[470:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I have a lot of people that have told me that my ideas are dangerous, and that they're not things that should be talked about publicly with people that they should not be I had a guy last week tell me that. And,

[473:22] Speaker 0: but I've had to come to the grips of the confidence with that I built a support system around myself of new friends, new family.

[475:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Different church, changed a lot of my beliefs. Even my mom and I were close and we didn't talk very much for like four years because we had to go through a healing journey. I worked with a therapist for like three years. I got some really good mentors that had been through the fire. I look back, the two men who helped me the most. They were actually clients of mine. So I was making an income on this. And I helped them succeed financially. But both of them had been labeled as, quote unquote, wolves in sheep's clothing. And they're in their religious circles that they were in. Both of them had been labeled as heretics in their circles, religiously. And what was funny was I started getting labeled as that because I was doing a lot of stuff with ministries and Christians and things like that. And I would go in and I would teach marketing to these ministries, and they would hear my ideas. And they would pull me aside and they say, Jeremiah, I mean, this with all due respect, I know what your game is, you're a wolf, and you're trying to destroy us and devour our sheep. And I would tell them, No, I'm not. And that's completely off base. And so basically, they would go lie about me to their staff, and I would not have that connection anymore. So what I had to learn was how to communicate better with people.

[498:25] Speaker 0: I had to learn how to take what was up here and translate it in a way that people could actually understand.

[500:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because it wasn't that my ideas were bad at all. I don't think they're bad at all. I think there's actually the most ethical business ideas that you can find anywhere. I think that they're extremely valuable to Christian ministries.

[504:11] Speaker 0: I have clients however, though, that are atheists, new age, people that love crystals, people that love witchcraft, I actually have clients that love witchcraft. And they do and I have clients that teach how to destroy witchcraft inside of the world. So it's kind of crazy. I told I tell people that and they like they get all scared. They're like, wait a sec, you mentor people on both sides of the spiritual spectrum. I'm like, Yeah, I do, in fact, and all and nothing, everything and nothing. Because what I teach is one thing, I'm not a spiritual mentor at all. If you don't want to learn spirituality, for me, I'm, I can recommend you to some that I love. I think you're amazing.

[516:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I learned so much from them. What I can teach you is how to get people to buy coaching, courses, and membership from you. That's it. That's all I know how to do. So that's why like a lot of a lot of like spiritual mentors that come to me because they have courses and coaching programs and memberships. They want to know how do I get clients? You know, how can I get into a meet some people wonder this, like, how can I get into a meeting with like one person where they're like, Hey, can you help me grow my witchcraft membership? And then like, another person's like, Hey, can you help me grow my anti witchcraft membership and all this, and then literally, I tell both of them about each other. And they're like, they're not offended by that. Why? Because they're not trying to control other people. They're not trying to, like, make other people change. And they love the fact that I'm effective in whatever that is. You know, I've had people i, because I'm a Christian, I've had a lot of people telling me that I can't even claim to be a Christian. If I have clients that do witchcraft. That's people's opinion. I think that's okay.

[533:41] Speaker 0: I have not felt any conviction whatsoever about changing the type of clients that I attract. Because I know that I am called to do the things that I'm called to do. And so I tell people, this number one, none of this is going to work unless you can answer this one question. Do you feel a calling? To do online business and to promote courses and coaching with people?

[544:18] Speaker 0: Do you, I'm asking you that do you feel? You feel a calling to do that? Okay, great. Well, it's

[545:43] Speaker 2: like, I want to teach people how to fish. You know, I totally in business, I always took on young guys. And I was trying to teach them and train them

[547:44] Speaker 0: how to just run a line teach them just how to buy their first fishing pole.

[549:03] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. And my clients, I didn't get to pick who they were all the time. So I'm

[550:15] Speaker 0: totally working. And that's the thing, right?

[551:00] Speaker 2: I worked in everybody's house didn't matter who they were. I got friends

[551:50] Speaker 0: that are there. And you know, remember that whole thing around the like, it was like the lawsuit because they wouldn't make a cake for the gay couple or whatever. That was right. I got friends on both sides. They're like they think that the lawsuit is ridiculous. And then they think that those shop owners are ridiculous. And they're both Christians. Right. So I get it like, you know, I personally, I think that a business owner has the choice to choose who they want to do business with. Yeah, you know, and if a business owner doesn't want to work with a certain type of client They have the choice to do so. And they should have that choice. That's where I stand on that, regardless of was it a hate crime or things like that? That's I'm not debating that. I definitely think that there is a lot of Christians that have a lot of hatred towards gay couples. And I think that that's ridiculous. I think that Jesus taught a message of love, regardless of how somebody sins differently than you. You know, and so, if somebody's in church, and they're addicted to pornography, I don't see that there's any difference between that and, you know, sleeping with your with your buddy. You know, as far as that goes, and that's my, that's my political and religious view on that as far as that goes, but like, I don't need to force that on anybody, either. I don't need anybody do agree with that. I can show you how to attract clients to buy your coaching to buy your courses. So you have do you have an idea as far as like what you want to coach people on?

[574:48] Speaker 1: Like I said, my, our, who tends to be the people who have the, the house in suburbia and are wanting to be in a more rural setting. Okay.

[577:43] Speaker 0: So they want to be in a more they want to move? Yeah,

[578:42] Speaker 1: most of them. Most of them. That's where they are, or they want to make the most out of what, oh, that's great.

[580:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can get around, you can really develop the hook. Do they need to stay in the same city? Because now I'm brainstorming with you right here. This is this amazing. And I think you're going to be excited about what I'm gonna share with you. Can they change cities? They

[583:44] Speaker 1: can or they can like, for me, what I did is I did the most with what I had where I was okay.

[585:27] Speaker 0: Yeah. Well, we live in a crazy, real estate economy right now where you can actually get a cheaper home. rurally Yeah, and because of technology, you can still have stuff like DoorDash coming to your house like that, what a crazy time we live in, that you can have the creature comforts of what people could only have in cities 1520 years ago, and yet still be in a rural area where the cost of real estate is one is like a quarter of what it is in a city. And Amazon delivers to your to your Amazon delivers hack they'll probably off soon, right? It's crazy

[595:01] Speaker 2: that what's available now we

[595:24] Speaker 1: have Starlink we can't get DoorDash anytime delivery, but we can't Gotcha.

[596:15] Speaker 0: Okay, well, that's what it'll it'll be there. Right? Like,

[598:00] Speaker 2: looking through our yards,

[598:19] Speaker 0: but what I'm saying is, is though, you might actually be able to attach a little bit of like a idea of like setting your family up for generational wealth with real estate by moving into into rural areas, type of thing. And the fact that a you're not controlled by HOAs, you're not controlled by them telling you you can't do stuff, my HOA came over to my house and told me that I couldn't put a fence up. And that by the way, the town that I live in is outside of Austin and used to be the rural area. Now it's one of the most up and coming areas of Austin. You can't buy a house here and in this town for less than a million dollars.

[609:33] Speaker 1: Are you near line pass us by any chance?

[610:11] Speaker 0: No, we're near Round Rock. Okay. Yeah. Like when I say Austin, you know, it's the Round Rock area, right. And so, I guess Jason had to go, sorry, Jason. If he wants to, I'll tag him in the group. If he has a question, I can answer it in the group.

[616:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: He didn't raise his hand. No, I mean, this with all due respect, but like, if you have a question, you're not raising your hand. There's no way for me to know that you have a question. So I'm just going to keep talking with the same person. Oh, Cynthia has a question. Okay, great. Well, we're gonna speed this up. They're awesome. I have people all the time. They tell me that on like, my calls are like Jeremiah, you were so dismissive. You never got to anybody else's question. What did you raise your hand? Well, no, you should have just known I needed a question. Not quite.

[624:20] Speaker 0: So anyways, figure out what these people want. And then create something around that and you already know how to create content and then create some kind of an opt in maybe an ebook, maybe a free class that they can take with you online. And then drive them into that and and

[628:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, not that this is I don't want to turn this into a sales pitch. I hate doing that. But if you try my accelerator for 30 days, you get access to those courses and all that and you get to try it out and see what it's like to work with us. So there you go. All right. Awesome. Was that helpful at all? Daisy?

[634:53] Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, it's it's it comes back to who my who is and what I'm delivering. I actually have a winter sewing class that I'm that I'm working on that I'm going to launch this month. And so I have all the I have an old system that similar to the system you're teaching, and I'm just sticking through revamping it.

[640:30] Speaker 0: So Well, the problem is a lot of the old systems don't work and they haven't worked in about two years in about two years. No, it didn't work like two years ago didn't work right now.

[642:55] Speaker 1: Yeah. Noted. Thank you for that.

[643:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you got to keep that in mind. Awesome. All right, Cynthia, what's going on? And I don't mean that this was disregard the old way of doing things, but the internet's evolving so quickly, especially with AI. So we're going to get faster. What's up, Cynthia? How are you? I don't hear you I don't I don't hear any audio

[649:54] Speaker 3: mic on.

[650:06] Speaker 0: Hey, go. What's up? Okay, cool.

[650:45] Speaker 3: Um, so, where do I even start here?

[652:04] Speaker 0: I don't know.

[652:24] Speaker 3: I don't know. I have spent a lot of time online. I've built a very successful business in one in one arena. But I'm so sick of living on the internet, and being the dancing monkey. So yeah, that sucks. Yeah, it has and went into complete burnout. And so over the last several years, that's what I've worked through. And I'm now coaching other fellow high achieving women from burnout into bliss. Awesome. Yeah. Love that. Thank you. So I've taken baby steps. I actually was a client or student of your mom's back when she was teaching WordPress. I remember you back in

[664:33] Speaker 0: the day. And is that a good or a bad thing? completely amazing. Okay. Because not everybody says that. So and I'll be honest, I was kind of a douchebag. Back then. Some people would still argue I still am. But

[669:06] Speaker 3: opinions, right. So I've taken baby steps. I've created an online presence, I launched a membership. But then I was so exhausted from showing up online that I did nothing with it. So it's so hard. It's so hard. And then I launched I built my course. Yeah. And I decided I'm going to do a very soft launch, just to my my small list. And I had about 30 registered nine Ron live one person bought. And I thought great, because I my whole point is to turn this evergreen. Yeah. So I invested last year with someone to teach me how to do this. And I'm pretty sure when I answered the questions to get in the group this week, or last week, I said, my goal is to sell three of these using ADS so that I can invest in your accelerator. Oh, yes.

[684:10] Speaker 0: I saw your question. I don't remember any of that. So I removed the names from those questions, it helps me kind of anonymize them a little bit. It helps me to not have the names attached to it. And so in the future, you know, I was thinking about that I was talking to my team about this for like a CRM as we might, like, start to track like who asked what questions but yeah, I do remember your question. Yes. Yes.

[690:12] Speaker 3: So that was me. So I've invested oh, about seven $800. So far, and ads. I'm basically just collecting leads at this point. About 50 People have opted in. So I put the brakes on. Right. If you popped up in my ads last fall, I was like, it's a sign. So you can't fire? And I did you made a comment last week to copy what you're doing. Right? I'm a big fan of wash, rinse and repeat. That's the same. So I did that. And I use AI I use your guide. I mean, my opt in page looks just like yours. Great. Oh, I started running ads again. And here I go second guessing myself. Because this is new territory, right? It's just expanding my nervous system and where I'm heading. So my question is, would you go with running ads straight to leads first for opt in? Or would you build a visibility first and then retarget? What would

[707:29] Speaker 0: so generally I kind of do the same? Those two things at the same time? Okay. So that is I think one of the things that

[709:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think gets a little bit squirrely in the beginning. I don't talk a lot about it, like in this setting, because it's like, Oh, great. Now another layer of complexity that you know, overwhelms people. Sure. And 990 9% of the time, people just gotta, like, have the courage to

[714:45] Speaker 0: think they can do it. Right. Well, you're past that point. I can tell that right. And so and that's the interesting thing is I attract people that they're like, they're I'm at the very beginning, or they're like I've been, I've been at this for 20 years, and I'm struggling still. And so, I gotta, I have the unique privilege of translating my message to kind of bold all stages of people. The one thing though that they have in common is that they're they're not making 1020 30,000 a month that they want to make consistently. So I know that that's we have a both people have a similar goal in mind. The leads is great. What's your cost per lead?

[724:50] Speaker 3: Well, so that has varied. So I was running a bot. Because I did. I felt like I was just wasting money with Facebook at first. So my bot cost per lead is around six.

[728:04] Speaker 0: That's really good. Anything under really $10 is good. Awesome. So that's

[729:55] Speaker 3: great. I'm sorry, go ahead.

[731:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that cost per lead is good. You just want to, you want to make sure now that you can convert those to sales. Yes. So yeah. What does that bot funnel? Is it like? So you bet you're running an ad? And then there's a bot that I'm not used that type of a thing with ads and a bot together? I've done that before. So

[736:56] Speaker 3: I'm running. Yeah, using many chat. I'm doing.

[737:49] Speaker 0: I've used it, but it confuses the crap out of me. Yeah,

[738:45] Speaker 3: I'm an automation girl for my telecom days. I love the many chat. But I also love what you teach. So I've turned on my new Facebook ads, again, right with the great AI copy on the registration page. And I just turned those on Sunday, and I've had two people opt in. Okay. I think that cost is a little over $10 right now.

[745:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, so you're gonna bring you want to bring that down? Yeah, what really dials in your your results, it's it's 100% has to do with the sales copy on the landing page. And what I look for is now that you have that, what you'll end up doing is kinda like, run a campaign, see how many sales you can get. And then I pay attention to the feedback and questions that people ask. And we start to adjust the sales copy just a little bit. Okay. So like, for instance, here's a great example. In the last three months, everybody I've talked to, has been more and more and more asking me about doing monthly memberships. While I've been running ads towards build a online course or group coaching program, there's a disconnect between those words, yes, monthly memberships. And online courses, and coaching right? Now, what I find is this, I find this to be the disconnect. A lot of people that want to sell courses, they don't really want to like, make very much connection one to one with people, they just kind of want to have a system that does it all for them. And it's all automated and they're disconnected from it. A lot of the people who want to do coaching are way too codependent with connecting with people way too much and spending all this hours spending all this personal FaceTime with people as far as that goes.

[769:44] Speaker 0: I don't like either of those ideas. And so what I do is I do a hybrid, where we have it is a coaching program, but it's built around a monthly membership model that contains courses and group coaching together. Yeah, but it's a monthly membership. And then here's what I found. Why, again, here's something that some of y'all, you might not get this, and I need to mention it.

[777:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some people who listen to me and follow me, I know you're not Cynthia, but some people who listen to me and follow me. They shut their brain off from listening to me when I talk about what I do in my business because they're like, well, that's his business, not mine. The only reason why I'm telling you what I do in my business is not because I narcissistically get off on talking about myself, unlike what some people think is why I'm doing it. And why some people do that as well. It's because if you take this model and do it for your business, it works. And so what I noticed was my offer my language says online courses,

[787:45] Speaker 0: coaching, group coaching, I even tested out doing online mentorship. Okay, I tried this out last year, can I tell you this? I did this whole thing around online mentorship, and it was I got a few really great people from it. But the but that was the minority the majority were the single worst group of people I have ever talked to the nastiest of the nastiest, most arrogant, rude mean condescending try, like like they wanted to destroy my life for the things that I shared with them group of people from this group. So I stopped marketing to that. Why because well, some may say I'm just too weak to handle the heat. She can't handle the heat get out of the kitchen, right? No, it's because I care about my mental health. And quite frankly, I don't need to operate in an adversarial type of relationship with people. I'd rather connect with people that actually love to connect with me. So that's why I don't debate people or even give tolerance to argue with negative people to the point that I won't even let them be in my coaching program, I will remove them if they're like that.

[807:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what I have found is that all of my best clients, for the last six months to a year even have been asking me to teach more on monthly recurring memberships. So moving forward,

[811:29] Speaker 0: I'm not going to be marketing to teach online courses or online group coaching anymore. I'm going to be teaching you how to build a six figure online monthly membership program. And to do so, a membership that has courses in it, and it has a group coaching element to it. But it also is not tied down to some of the rigid restrictions of what people believe you should and shouldn't do inside of a coaching environment. You know, a lot of people tell me that they're like, you know, Jeremiah, what you teach violates all morals and ethics of leadership and coaching. And quite frankly, I tell them, Well, the good news is I don't have a regulatory body that is trying to control what I do. Because I'm not licensed or certified in anything. But that's also why I don't practice medicine or try to do therapy with people. I'm simply here to show you how to get more people into a monthly membership program. That's it. So what I want to help people do, and if I can help more people get more people into their monthly membership, they can have recurring revenue, and they can impact more people how they do that I don't care if you want to do it with witchcraft, or you want to do it with how to start a garden. I can show you how to build a monthly membership that scales and makes money. Now if we want to say devils are negative advocate to that logical advocate, does every client of yours Jeremiah make money? No, they don't. In fact, I have a lot of clients, they've been in our program for a year and haven't made a dime. But they're still paying the monthly payment. And and I say that openly. We're most people in my position wouldn't because they were afraid of it, turning away clients and things like that. Because I find that a me being just straight up and honest about the fact that literally there are people that pay me money every single month, and I gladly take their money and I don't turn them away. Because a they're incredible people. They're very sweet, they're teachable, they are applying, and they're growing in other areas of their life, that are not related to this. But I also have clients that have been extremely successful and made a ton of money from applying this. So here's what I do. In my program I do I refuse to do codependency I refuse to manage other people's emotions, I refuse to operate in a way that's going to create burnout. And if that means that people are disappointed in me, that is an acceptable tolerance of fault that I allow. But here's a great thing, for me, ethically, and integrity wise, is if I start to adjust my sales copy towards this group of people, right? The mentorship group of people were the most negative about what I teach. Because they have years and years and years of successful experience, I would guarantee you, most of these people know way more about coaching than I do. In fact, they could probably school me left and right up down and sideways about how to do things the right way. But what they still don't know how to do is they don't know how to get people to sign up for their membership programs, and they want to but the problem is, when I was running this for my marketing, I was attracting people that were unwilling to learn from somebody that they felt wasn't perfect. And they felt was below them and knowledge and understanding. And so for instance, I could still teach them how to do a membership. But when I was running it, when my when my sales copy said I want to show you how to build an online mentorship. The majority because they said this verbally the majority of them were like here's the thing, Jeremiah, you might be great at what you teach with marketing. But I could school you when it comes to coaching, and I can't learn from somebody that knows less than me in this area. It would it would be a divorce of my integrity. And so for that, and they asked for their money back after 30 days. So for me, I can't be running ads with people that are all asking for their money back right. Side note, I don't care if anybody does join the program and ask for their money back. I literally have released all control over that right. I can literally have everybody who joins our program asked for their money back. Take the free courses. I have it right on the sales page there. That's why it says it's They slightly insane 30 day money back guarantee, because you can go through all my trainings, all the courses, copy them, steal them, knock them off and teach them yourself to other people. And I still am not going to hate you dislike you, I'll be your friend, I'll be nice to you and all that, well, we'll have a great time, because it's not a good fit for you. But I know that there's a small group of people that are looking to build online monthly memberships that contain online courses and group coaching that I can reach. Now, what does any of that have to do with your business, Cynthia, my copy, I had to realign the sales copy away from mentorship and courses and even coaching and I'm going to be doing this. And I don't know if it's gonna work. That's the thing. I don't know if it's gonna work, it might not work. It might be just as bad as this group. But I'm going to take a risk. And I'm going to test this out because I have a, I have a little bit of an inkling that I'm going to attract better people, if I just focus on memberships. You know, how

[895:18] Speaker 3: long would you let like each version of copy run to collect,

[896:48] Speaker 0: I generally just do it in like a single campaign format. And I'll try like three campaigns in a row, what I really pay attention to more than anything else is the questions that come in when people are on these q&a calls, or the VIP calls, or in my group coaching program. So I'm really paying attention to what people are asking me when they join. And what I'm doing is I'm encouraging and facilitating questions. So one of the mistakes that people make, because they're trying to automate everything with courses and they're trying to remove the personal touch is they don't get the feedback from their actual client as to what the real desires are that they have. Well,

[907:04] Speaker 3: that's yeah, that's how my program was created from everything that came from my membership. Here you go. That's it. So that's why I that's how I created that. So

[909:14] Speaker 0: the thing is, that people change, they evolve, their desires change, you evolve, you change. And so like for that, to grow our businesses and to keep things going as we have to really, what I say is this has become forever curious as to what people want to learn and never assume that we know everything about what they're struggling with. Oh, yeah. 1,000%. So, so I feel like I'm preaching to the choir here just a little bit. Well, you know, all this stuff, right?

[917:36] Speaker 3: I know a little bit on everything. Okay, okay. But yeah, as a hypnotist and subconscious shifter, I do help people through a lot of this. That it's just, again, trusting myself trusting the process, not knowing what the hell I'm doing with Facebook ads, and just, you know, letting it run. Yeah, I know, I have to let it run. I'm like, How long do I let it run before I start revising? And,

[924:56] Speaker 0: yeah, how long do you let it run before you start revising? So for me, it's funny is I wish I had a much better answer to that question more quantifiably. And again, this might be make or break for some people. For me, it's my instincts and intuition. As I feel like I need to shift it, I feel like it needs to change. Now, tangibly if I can explain that a little bit better, right? Especially if you're somebody who's like, you know, feelings don't matter, logic and truth is all that exists. One thing I'll say is this is I think that absolutism is not a good way to live your life.

[937:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, the idea that there's just like, AP things have to absolutely be one way all the time or not. Um, I pay attention to the questions that people ask and I start to correlate, okay, is the same question coming up again, and again and again, on this training? And is it not related to the main thing that I told people I was going to teach? And so oftentimes, it's more of an organism and an ecosystem of just really learning to love the process with my clients, and learning to make a connection similarly to how I do with my family, to where I can tell what they need and learn that but I'm not striving to tell what they need. I get it wrong all the time. I don't like there's a there's a lady in our in our group.

[950:56] Speaker 0: I, I still struggle to know what her questions are sometimes. Luckily, she's patient enough with me. And so I asked her I said, Can you get a little bit more specific about this specific area that you're dealing with right? Now, here's the thing if I told my wife that she get really annoyed, because she's just like, you know what the thing is, like, use your head right? And like that's the truth is honestly, if I don't know what my wife needs, it's probably because I'm thinking about something else. I'm often Neverland somewhere. Like I've come to that realization to become better as a husband. That the only reason why I don't know what my wife want Once today after seven years, because I'm paying attention to something else, my brain is somewhere else. It's thinking about something else. Now, when it comes to business, however, I'm not in a marital relationship with my clients. And so I can't read people's minds when it comes to business. Technically, I can't even read my wife's mind. But my subconscious can kind of guess pretty accurately 95% of the time, you know, and if I just lean more into that, that's there. Now, here's the cool part about coaching, is the more and more people ask me the same question, that little same subconscious thing goes off. And it's like, oh, they really want to learn about this, oh, they really want to learn about that. You don't have anything that teaches that. And so like, that's what dialed in. We just started a course this month, called ads optimization, because everybody started asking me how do I optimize my ads to get a better cost? How do I bring it down from $10 lead to $5 to three, some of my leads are like two bucks, we got a campaign we're running right now it's 50 cent leads. And right, for an opt in 50 cent leads, we're getting 1000s of people every single day that are opting in, for it's one of my clients that I'm working with. His name is Georgia and ban off. And we're literally just getting 1000s of people every single day. He's running a five day challenge this week.

[981:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And let me see if I can, let me see if I can pull this up. It's hilarious. As we literally just started promoting this a week ago with Facebook ads. And there's 11.6 1000 People in this Facebook group right now. Wow. From a week ago. Now, I'm not an admin of this group, they keep their admin data just like their core staff right here that like they that live where they do either New York or like that, but it's really cool. It's kind of an interesting topic.

[990:22] Speaker 0: But what they're getting these leads, and what are they going to do? They're going to spend five days they actually just started it this week. They're gonna spend five days with these people right here. Doing exactly what I did last week. Talking about their their school of ministry, which honestly, it's like Hogwarts for Christians is what it is. And we're being real. That's what they have. It's, it's hilarious. they'd laugh I said that it's definitely not like Hogwarts, but it's, it's called G CSSM. global celebration School of supernatural ministry. That's so cool. So they run this in Pennsylvania, and they do this and they have this is Georgia. And right here, he's, I love him. He's a good friend of mine. And their school is $2,597. Or you can make payments, and it's done either in person or online. I think now it's gcsf online, but I don't know if they're actually I don't know if they do the in person one anymore. But COVID hit, it's funny, they transitioned all the online and everything grew even bigger. But these are a bunch of their students that they actually had in person right here, which is amazing. So they got testimonies and all this amazing stuff right here. It's incredible. They're impacting people. They love it. Some people might think it's weird what they're doing, but there's a niche for it. I think it's amazing. Honestly, Jordans, one of my favorite spiritual mentors. I've learned a lot about God through what Jordan has taught. He's, he's he's mentored me in a lot of those different ways, privately, just like as a friend. And then I teach him and his team about marketing. It's kind of a mutual thing. They pay me still for it. But I've been working with them for like six years. And we've helped them generate hundreds of 1000s of dollars a month in revenue for their school and and what do they do with that? What do they do with that? Right? It's kind of weird that like, they would make all this money as this. Technically, they're, they're a nonprofit, but they have this for profit educational arm, and they run Facebook ads, so they're not hiding it. Right? It's not like the government doesn't know they're doing it. No, what they do is they have this as a for profit school that they run, but they take the profits from it. And they, they help rescue kids from child sex trafficking. And that's what their mission is, and they have orphanages that they run around the world. These are their kids that they have in their orphanages and so they're making money through their coaching and courses and they're working with all these kids around the world and but it's like it's still the same model that I taught you all last week.

[1031:11] Speaker 1: I love that man.

[1031:26] Speaker 0: We've made it more effective. Same thing, dialing in their sales copy dialing in the language it's a little bit more specific, just a little bit more around that that type of a thing. I love that question. Their message is built on this whole thing of like you can hear God's voice clearly and all that and that's what they're helping me what's your question?

[1036:56] Speaker 3: Do you ever edit your ads or do you just create new ones with your

[1037:53] Speaker 0: I so I usually make new ads if I'm going to edit it, okay, but I but I make new ads sometimes I'll you usually let it run for like four or five days. Okay. And generally what I'll do is I'll see which ones work the best. I'll turn off the ones that cost more, I'll look at what did I say in the one that would work the best. And generally, what I'll do is I'll take the copy and bring it into AI. And I'll say, write me four new variations of this copy, because this one worked better. And then I'll test that one against it. And I'll keep running it and I'll have the AI optimize it for me. Sweet. Yep. So I'm using the AI to actually optimize the ad spend that one strategy alone, I need to teach that next time I teach Facebook ads. Nobody's ever asked me that question, by the way, which is interesting, right? Nobody's ever actually asked me it like that. Way I teach it in my program, I teach you how to like, optimize the ads. And again, that's the course that we're teaching right now. Literally what I just told you right now, I'm probably going to turn into a 30 minute lesson now for the course this week for my my group. You know, thank you welcome. But like that exactly. In that it's like, yeah, that's how we optimize the ads and get the spend down. And then what's cool is the AI just kind of does it for me, there's a few parameters that I look for. And then I know how to recognize how to adjust the messaging and the language and to do that. Now, here's one thing when it comes to my personal social media content, I don't use AI a lot for that. Sometimes, if I'm making a post that's about like, a podcast episode, or I pre recorded a video, I might use AI to write a description about one of those videos. But generally on a daily basis, it's literally just from the heart of what I'm feeling. And I'm actually using my social media as a personal journal. And I'm journaling what is coming through the heart right now. And I'm just sharing what I'm feeling. Now, here's the thing, I don't get a lot of traction from organic content. So don't listen to me about how to do organic content. It's probably not the right way to do it. I do but but I don't spend any time focusing on organic content, either. Yeah, I literally just if I have a spark an idea of like, oh, and generally I get the ideas. I'm like playing with my son. And I'm like, Oh, that's a cool idea. And I got a little notepad over here. And I'm like, make social media post about and I put like three words that will remind me later about what the idea was, right? Because I when I played with my son, I'll tell you this. Number one, he hits the phone out of my hand, and I did not keep a cell phone or computer in the room when I'm with him. He will let me Ah, like because he just he's just like, focus here. I'm your priority.

[1081:16] Speaker 3: To your own babies feels the same way. Right,

[1082:00] Speaker 0: exactly. So like, like, so that's what I've committed to is I have a system to document my ideas. But what's funny is I got I this was like, it was crazy. The last year, as I was getting a little bit frustrated that I got all my best ideas for my business when I was playing with my son. And I came up with this idea that like, last week, I was like, why don't I just have a notepad sitting in the corner with a pen and just write it down. And what was funny is almost the same thing that happens when I pick up my cell phone he did when I picked up that notepad because my son is very intuitive and consents, my energy is the same when I'm doing that. And so I got to do it real quick. And then I put it away and I played with him, right? Well, it's like I'm still dark, so I figured out how to make it work. But spending hours and hours and hours. Sacrificing yourself. To mark zuckerberg stock price is not a way to live your life new. Hack sacrificing yourself for your clients is no way to live your life and some people might disagree with me on that. You don't want to know the only two people I sacrifice my life for is my wife and my son. That's it. Not even people at my church. I mean, sure, maybe I might I might I proverbially say I'll take a bullet for you if they're a close friend or things like that, like of course, but like, truly, like there's a different level when it comes to my wife and son. You know what I mean? And they're my top priority. I've lost clients because of that. Because I haven't responded to their question in the Facebook group in six hours,

[1109:17] Speaker 3: God forbid.

[1110:14] Speaker 0: And then their comment is like if you really cared, you would actually respond to me on time, and instead of making everything else more important that people that have made an investment with you. And then they can for that reason, you are the most egregiously unethical coach Jeremiah, and that's what they've said to me. And I'm like, wow, you're the one that's here asking me how to run this business. I don't mean that arrogantly, but like, I don't want your life. I promise. You know, and so i i That's why I'm so hardcore about boundaries, even if it lives. just trusting people, even if people don't like it, even if I lose business because I am willing to lose business, to design my life in a way that's sustainable and fun for me, because you won't know what the most important thing to me is, it's having fun. I told her, I told her, I told the guy that this week at church, I said, Gosh, you know, the most important thing to me is having fun. That's why I play so many video games, and he's like, Wow, you are so irresponsible with your family.

[1128:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I said, No, you know, it's actually part of my responsibility to my family that I play video games. My wife and I have come to that agreement. He's like, Well, I just don't see it. I think you need to grow up, stop being a child.

[1131:23] Speaker 0: And I'm just like, Yeah, you know, maybe you could be a little bit more like a child. Not that I said that to him. But I said, I, you know, I do what's best for me, and I left it at that right, but a smile.

[1134:42] Speaker 1: I'm an OG gamer, like from way back. And I felt freedom when I listened to your stuff just a couple of weeks ago that you like, said that I had the original NES I went out and bought a Wii U because my kids are on things

[1138:07] Speaker 0: Nice. That's awesome. And I love literally like I got this right here. Over here. I got I got all the gaming consoles right there. That's my like gaming corner my office.

[1140:39] Speaker 1: Okay, so I felt like that shame lifted as part of my work day. I was sitting there with my I have a foster son that's 13 we're hoping for permanency but he's hot mess Express. And it's hard. But anyway, well, it makes it less hardest connecting. What makes it less hard to connect is the video games. And that happened with my stepson as well. And so I have this thing. All the kids that I've ever had are teens. And I'm like, why can't I have the EDB babies? Maybe one day, I'll get that it's just a long heartbreaking story. But for some reason, like the the video game thing, it's a thing. And I will completely own my students at this typing game and then they will respect me. I'm like, they could not get faster than me. And it was an inroad to connect. Oh,

[1151:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: it might be interesting. You could you could teach them how to for your course. You might be able to create a connection around. What's that? What's that animal one that Ninten Animal Crossing? Or the old Harvest Moon game? Harvest

[1155:32] Speaker 1: Moon. Interesting. Harvest Moon. Interesting. What's

[1156:48] Speaker 0: that? With Harvest Moon? It was for the

[1157:48] Speaker 1: Super Nintendo. Yeah. So

[1158:10] Speaker 0: this is Harvest Moon right here. It's a video game, where you're basically you're you're, you're planting a farm and you're going in you're you're basically like, creating a different life for your family.

[1161:25] Speaker 1: Oh, that's so fun. Yeah. So you get that on switch? Or how do you get that? Yeah,

[1162:54] Speaker 0: definitely.

[1163:10] Speaker 1: Okay, I didn't know you can get say I may have to invest to switch this.

[1164:18] Speaker 0: Awesome. Very cool. Let's go back to Cynthia here, Cynthia. Oh, you're good. It's

[1166:13] Speaker 3: all good. My sister's a big gamer. I'm enjoying the conversation. Yeah, that's awesome.

[1167:49] Speaker 0: And that's the thing is like, it was a big thing that lost me a lot of trust and damaged my reputation with a lot of people in the coaching industry. It used to be a big complaint that people have. They're like, how can i i get that's one of number one comments I get how can I ever trust you about business if you're filming inside of your teenager's bedroom? And I'm like, you know, well. Sucks for you. And that's the attitude that I think that we got to have to is like not be concerned with people disliking us have the courage to be disliked. So anyways, if it was any of that helpful for you, Cynthia.

[1177:26] Speaker 3: Absolutely. Yes. I'm gonna make my revisions on Thursday. Awesome. Thank you. And then you'll see me in the client growth accelerator. Okay, perfect. So I'm free programs. Perfect. I love it. I mean,

[1181:11] Speaker 0: that's great. If you're able to just try it out for 30 days, that would be great to just to see on those calls with us.

[1183:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty, there was one last there's two other questions. So people put them in the chat here, and I want to get to another logged off. I will tag them in the Facebook group. There's another guy he asked in the group. And I want to make sure I get to those questions too. I want to make sure that I cover those. So I'm gonna put kind of the timer on this one. Those are Aaron Matthews question. I answered this at what time is it here? Aaron Beck is I don't see your question. I don't see the time. One hour and 12 minutes in one hour. 12 minutes in? I answered. So this by the way, this is how I help answer people that aren't live. They have to go because I've kind of created this easy system where I'm able to like they have to leave but then they can post their questions I can take it. Do you suggest selling a single course since I do not have a large library? Absolutely. I think start with just whatever you got a single course something like that. Generally, again, like that single course has all these different topics. What you'll find is whatever your first course is, you might be able to branch out into three or four Mike Group horses for that, as far as that goes, three or four mini courses that you can do for people. So like, for instance, I, my first couple of courses, they were offers website building Facebook ads. And then I did online courses taught coaching. And then I started to like kind of branch out into like, how do you host live events? How do you create opt ins? How do you create funnels all of that? And so it was like little topics based on the questions that people are asking. Generally, if you have people asking the same question over and over and over again, that's the type of stuff that you want to create a course around. You know, we're starting this month in my group, is how to run a successful group coaching program that doesn't cause burnout that doesn't create codependency and how to do this in a way that, quite frankly, and I really, again, I don't talk about this a lot.

[1213:38] Speaker 0: Some people might not like that I do I don't talk about integrity very much. I don't talk about making sure that you serve your clients well, I don't talk about how to do that. Because A, our program does a great job of doing that. And it speaks for itself. And I don't need to prove that to you. I prove that by how I serve in these in these things. But you want to make sure that there is value in that. And so generally, that's where releasing like iterative updates in a membership format, is actually a very ethical way of doing that. Because you can launch with something that maybe is not 100% today. But then it improves over time because you added stuff to it. Yeah, I have a lot of people, they don't like that approach. Because they're like, well, that means that I'm going to put my integrity out there. And it's not perfect. And there's no such thing as perfect, and you're always your worst critic. So put something out there. I know my mom started with WordPress. And then she saw taught social media. And then she taught Facebook ads her and I taught Facebook ads together. And then she ended up pivoting over to the stock market. And it's and like that doesn't make sense to people. But it's because that's what her audience wanted her paying clients. And she did something that some people find unethical. She was willing to not serve people that still wanted to learn social media from her. She was willing for a segment of the market that needed what she had inside of her to be unserved in order to focus in on what would help her design the life that she wanted. And that's an area that I find that all coaches and mentors need to challenge is it the fact that there's sometimes comes a time where you got to cut off a group in the market. And it's not marketing to a group of people, that's not going to buy from you that it's not going to be economically driving your business. So like, for instance, like I said, with this example here, if I'm marketing just a course creators. A lot of course, creators don't like what I teach, because it's way too personal. It's way too connected to people's feelings. It's not as logical, it's not as automated, there's a little bit more of a personal of a, of a personal element to it, there's more of a manual element to some of the stuff that I teach. But that's why on the flip side, I tell you to eliminate a lot of the stuff that's a waste of time that you don't need to do a lot of the stuff that is not going to move the needle forward for you, and focus in on what really brings clients results and drives your profit margins up. Again, like I said, The only reason I do this is selfish, to create financial results in my own business. But I've created a product and a program that also impacts people. And I feel really great about that. And so all of that together. That's what we show you how to do an accelerator program. So you start out with just one course there and they can evolve into something else. And again, Aaron, you know this as far as your experience as a pastor and working in mental health, that's exact same thing that you maybe you experienced in your journey on that on that level. And but it's a different thing. It's a different animal when you're moving into the online space. We borrow a lot of our marketing methodologies from the software world is what it is. Oftentimes, I treat a membership very similarly to how a lot of software programs do. One of the things that kills a lot of a lot of good software is they get way too complex and too hard for users to use. And so they're serving a powerful group of power users. But there's the everyday people that they can't serve. And so they really only have one or two choices. They increase the cost to serve the power users. They end up charging 10 $20,000 For a small group of people, or they eliminate features and make it more palatable for a group of people. And they have a easy version and then a complete version that they offer. And again, that's kind of what I like to do when it comes to a membership program. aim is keep it simple. Do that. Create a higher level program that you get people into that might need more specialized stuff. That's what I do with my one on one clients, and then create an ecosystem that allows you to do this not having to work more than five to 10 hours a week. So

[1284:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, Aaron, that was a good question. Now, Mark Ellis, this is going to be good. I'm going to tag mark in this one hour and 18 minutes, Mark Ellis and looks like his name.

[1289:02] Speaker 0: Krister X. At Krister acts, one hour, 18 minutes answered your question. So Mark, and Chester Krister. I have seen you guys sign up for nearly everything that I've done for a long time. I have seen you get the VIP upgrade to almost all of the different free events that I've done. But this is the first time that I've actually had a question, I think for me the review. So I'm excited because I think this is great. And I think this might get some clarity for you. As far as this goes, I hope that I'm I think that I might be delivering value to you. Unfortunately, I know. I know Mark says that he doesn't want to learn anything from me every time he fills out the question so probably because he doesn't want me to try to pitch him or DM Him or do something like that. So I get it. Maybe you're protective about people using AI to sell you things and things like that. And you feel like it's it's a it's a bit too exposing. And even maybe me making these comments so directly and and sharing that private information might make you feel a little bit uncomfortable. I apologize if that's the case. But I appreciate your question as far as this goes. And so I have a number one mark and I feel weird saying Christer Mr. X Mr. or Mrs. X? I don't know. I would love to maybe connect and answer some questions that you have to see if I can serve you better as far as this goes. So Mark said, I will miss the call. But I could you answer this? How do you spend your first $200 on Facebook ads for a new Facebook account

[1320:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: with a new offer. I can spend 200 a month in the beginning in a niche like yours. Okay, great. So you're in a niche like mine? Do I start with video view ads to build a warm audience and then start retargeting for leads to my webinar? Cynthia? Yes, kind of a similar question even a little bit on that front. So this is great. Now we got but this is what I love about group coaching is we have they weren't the same question. But they were related to a similar style of question. So now what I'm about to share might help Cynthia that might help Daisy and my help Cindy and my help. That K or K is

[1331:44] Speaker 0: those are people that are on live and might help anybody who's watching the recording of this might be somebody who's lurking in the account on here, we got over 104 people in this Facebook group. In fact, you know that, that that joined us. But I get it you know, it's it's scary to ask questions to be put on the spot and things like that, can I tell you all this first off whatever that thing is, that's afraid to be seen by people and put yourself out there as an area that if you can grow in in your life, it'll it'll radically affect your business. So no, I would not ever run video view ads whatsoever. I think that they're a big waste of money. About 10 years ago, they were a really great way to run ads. Now, they're essentially a huge drain on your finances and are not going to help you overall. Okay. So video view ads necessarily might not be the best thing to run. In fact, I don't think I've ran a video view ad in like four or five years, okay. Building a warm audience is also not so the idea behind and I think that's really what we need to unpack here. A warm audience doesn't just happen as like a one time transactional instance, from a single ad campaign. Audiences get warmed up. You know, when I met my wife, I had to warm her up to the idea of marrying me. And it took four years. Some people might see that as total failure on my part or maybe it was, we had actually made a decision that we were not going to rush into marriage. And that was a mutual decision on our part. You know, I did only have to propose to her once. And probably my fear of rejection made me extend it WAY longer. You in that realize that growing a business in the membership coaching and core space is similar to that? Is that warming up an audience. And really, when we talk about warming up an audience, we're talking about one, one word, and that's it. Trust because most people don't trust you, on the internet, they're not going to no matter how good your content is, no matter how valuable it is, no matter how much better than everybody else that it might be. I know this, because that's what I experienced when I came out of the gate with my podcast and my content. And all of this is literally nobody cared what I had to say. And I felt that I had information that was better than anybody else that's out there, I still believe that I do. I still believe that our coaching program is one of the best programs that's out there. And that does what we do. Now, here's the thing, I think most people don't realize my coaching programs only been open for a year. But it's built on the foundation of a program that my mom started. And Cynthia knows that. And so I'm not building on just a foundation of just I had an idea one day last year and started this. This has been trial and error school of hard knocks me banging my head against the wall and struggling to be seen and heard by people that had no interest in me for a long time. And I realized that one thing that I really, really sucked out was building trust with people. It was one of the biggest reasons why I couldn't get anybody to go out with me or date me until I was in my 30s. It got to the point like most women, I would talk to like either thought I was a serial killer, or that maybe I would be a good friend for their gay friend is what I heard from a lot of people. As they told me, they're like, I know you're not gay. But honestly, I think maybe you're in the closet, and maybe you need to come out because you're not for me, you're probably gay. As what most people told me, or they were like, I think you're a serial killer, because they're like, there's no way that you're as nice as you pretend to be. That's what I was told by people. And I was like, Okay, wow. Okay. So I studied dating, like I do marketing, but that's what us that's what that's what guys like me, we either won't have one option, we get better, or we become really angry and isolate ourselves somewhere in front of Reddit. And I decided to not become that last one, right? I decided to crack it up here. I'm not even I'm not this isn't like to be funny. It's like actually my reality of what I was experiencing. I was like one step away from beat becoming just a guy who was like angry on Reddit about how all women are out to get him and hated them. And I remember that one thing happened. I remember I complained, I'm like, I'm such a great guy. I'm such a catch. I'm amazing. I have so much to offer people. And And now here's the here's I got smart, because I hung out with all the guys that all the women wanted. So they were my best friends. So now my lol by status was elevated slightly and I still couldn't get any girls to go out with me. So I'm and it was what was funny was these guys realize that they could get all the girls that I was bringing, because they were really good. And I was the feeder I was their funnel. They were using me as a human funnel for women. This when I when I used to DJ and party and all of that, right? You know, and it was and I'll say this, these guys weren't bad guys. Honestly, they were. They were, I would I didn't like a lot of the stuff they were doing. But like they were my friends and we were friends and they weren't people I would hang out unnecessarily today. But when I was single DJing 15 years ago, they were the guy that wanted to handle it. But I had to learn what were they doing differently. They didn't care what people thought about them. They were not concerned if a girl rejected them. They were not concerned. If a guy wanted to fight them. They were not concerned with stealing a girl from another guy. And that was a big one. As they had that confidence. It was it was funny. I'm thinking back to this time I remember one of the guys I then I remember our friendships almost ended because his girl wanted to go out with me. And I went to him and I'm like Hey, bro I don't think she's a good one for you. because she wants to go with me now. And he's like, okay, yeah, I'm breaking up with her. Right, you know? So like, and then she was like, man, Jeremiah, I thought I trusted you, You're terrible. And I'm like, No, you're not good for my friend. So, yeah. But in that it was so funny. In the dating world, I learned what it takes to market a coaching business. I learned what it takes to get better at that to build trust with Facebook ads. Because I realize that you have to create something that is enticing. Something that looks good, something that feels good, something that people want to spend time with. Something that people aren't afraid of. Now, here's the thing, people are not going to like everything about you. I have a lot of people that literally tell me that they are afraid of me to this day, they don't like my content, it messes with their nervous system, I have a lot of really great coaches that join free events with me, and write me and say, Jeremiah, I feel less safe today after listening to you for an hour. And that's a problem. And I'm like, I don't know why. But okay. And I've had to learn, like, I don't care about those people. I'm not worried about those people. I'm not trying to, like, maintain that, right? What I'm trying to do is build trust with people that are only fit into two categories. That's it. Are they going to buy from me? And are they going to get results with what I teach them? Now, you may argue, they should all get results, I beg to differ. Because if there is somebody out there that is incapable. And I mean incapable like in the actual literal sense of the word, not that they're like, disabled or things like that. And I was talking to one of my best friends, his his daughter is, is deaf, and she was born deaf, and I and he has become friends with the deaf community. And and I have a lot of clients, even they have various disabilities and things like that. So I'm not talking about that side of things, right? I'm not talking about that. I think that that like, we all have things that we go through, maybe you even have a learning disability or things like that, like I get that. I'm not necessarily talking about that I'm talking about that their choices, and decisions in life are incapable, because listen, I I know people, that I can help them make way more money that like my clinically have a disability better than somebody who has a six pack, and has the perfect wife, the perfect kids, the perfect house, and I guarantee you there is nothing that I can say that's going to get that person results. Why? Because in their mind, they can't listen to me. They don't trust me. And they have defined that themselves, I have not necessarily defined that for them. They have chosen that by the fact that they have removed themselves from my ecosystem, they have rejected me on the deepest level.

[1492:02] Speaker 0: And that's one of the things is actually embracing that rejection in life is actually not a bad thing. It's good. And that's what I realized when I was dating. Is that for every. And I'll be honest, I texted my mom this morning, I made a standard that, quite frankly, I know that I can go out with the most beautiful women imaginable. And that Lux was really probably a very top priority on my list. And so that was a big part of what I dictated that there were amazing, beautiful women that probably won't become great mothers, as they want it to be at or they will be incredible wives, but they weren't for me. And I wasn't for them. And not everybody's for you. And what I say is that there is when it comes to coaching. It's not like dating, right? We live in a in a country where unless you maybe live in I don't even it's political. Is polygamy legal in Utah? Or is that just like a joke that people say? I don't know if it is or not. But we live in a country where like in Texas, I can only marry one wife, basically, right? But I can have 1000s of clients that I work with. There's no limit to the amount of coaching clients I can have in my membership. So what I've done is I've actually figured out to translate a lot of the same methods that you use in dating, to building a coaching business. Building trust now I have boundaries. I don't get into emotional private conversations. i A lot of my clients are women. I don't get into emotional private conversations with women in my direct messages. at all part of my integrity, something I refuse to do is something that I know is not going to be held. Why? Because I don't want them to get the wrong impression. I don't want to set the wrong intention. I don't want to set the wrong expectation. This is something that I learned when I was dating as well. I would meet a woman and I would tell her, I said, Listen, I mean, this, honestly, I don't see us dating together. But I'd love to hang out with you. I'd love to, I'd love to go to dinner. I don't know if this is going to go anywhere. And they would say, Great, that's kind of all I'm looking forward to. And honestly, those were some of the best dates I went on. As when we were literally just there to have fun. We were just there to see where this goes. And did it go somewhere for all of those dates. 90% of the time, it didn't. It was just a fun night out. That's it. But what was funny was it taught me how to find what I was really looking for. And I remember I deleted Tinder because I was getting all my dates off Tinder, I was just swiping left and I meet up with somebody this was in Kansas City. And I remember I went on 30 dates in one month.

[1539:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I went to like, the most expensive places to it was crazy. The amount of money I spent that month, I was just like, I had nothing leftover. At the end of that it was probably it was, but you won't know what it taught me. It taught me what I really wanted. I wanted a wife that was confident that didn't necessarily need to go through therapy, that I did not have to be a counselor to or act like a dad to that didn't have a lot of the childhood trauma issues that a lot of the women that I talked to have. And quite frankly, it was both really beautiful and hot and also not super crazy.

[1550:17] Speaker 0: I admit I accepted a tolerance for like, you know, there's like a unicorn that doesn't exist. And so like, I think all of the women that I talked to, at some level, I would be like, okay, that might be a little much for me. And my wife, I tell her that all the time. Like she's not I don't I don't like to use the word crazy to describe my wife. I don't think it's true. I don't think she is crazy at all. But you know, when when when when a woman gets pregnant, the hormones happen. And sometimes the trash being half full is the worst thing in the world. And so that maybe I don't understand that. But that's her reality. So what I figured out when it comes to business, is it's the same thing. What do my dream clients want more than anything else? And how can I give it to them? How can I create the very best atmosphere for them to get results for what they're looking for? What are my clients dreams and goals. And here's the problem when it comes to looking at your Facebook ads simply as do I run video view ads to build a warm audience. That simply is reducing your clients down to an object. All you're looking at them as as numbers, when these are actual real people. They have hopes, dreams, aspirations, issues, traumas, fears, worries things that they're afraid of things that have happened to them, there have been mentors that they have been hurt by. They might even have an abusive spouse that they have to deal with. Or a boss, or a job that they hate. And they're working out. And like, by the way, I have a lot of people in my coaching program that when they before they came in, that was their story. And I've taught them this A, you don't necessarily have to leave the spouse. You don't necessarily even have to quit the job. But you can learn to be a better communicator and you can grow and how you connect with people. You don't have to throw the baby out with the bathwater. Trust me, I don't want to do that with my son, he would slip and fall wouldn't be fun. I realized there's a word that describes me better than everything else. It's irreverent. I think I'm very irreverent when it comes to a lot of the stuff that people hold sacred in their lives. But I know that that's who my target client is to. That's what my wife is even. That's what my best friends are. Like my pastor we were talking to. And I actually told him the same story I told you about dating and he was like, it's funny. Before I met my wife, I was exactly the same way. Because I'd be at the club every night and we were like, you know, and I was like, that's awesome. That's why we get along. That's why like, I love having you in my life. I love the fact that you're not a religious nutcase like the people that I grew up with in church. Right? Like, it's amazing to me that I can go to church, and I feel better than when I came in. Right. You know, that's not everybody's experience, and I know that So ultimately, when it comes to building your coaching business, we have to really realize that these are real people that we're connecting with. And so when it comes to warming up an audience, it's not reducing it down to simply just numbers. It's really getting to know what do they want? What do they care about? What are their desires? What are their dreams? What are their aspirations? And then there's a statement that I love to make. And I say this, how can I help you, I'm committed to helping you, I'm committed to come alongside you, you guys have seen the emails that I've sent out where I say that now here's the thing that is within the boundaries that I am willing to set as the parameters and expectations. So I'm the one that dictates those boundaries. And I tell you this, that I'm going to come alongside you and build your business and do whatever it takes to help you get results. That fits into the framework of what I am willing to do. And sometimes there is a disconnect between the demands of our clients. Sometimes I have clients, they want me to respond within two hours of posting a question. Well, if you posted it at two in the morning, I'm probably sleeping. So I understand that maybe there's a misalignment and your expectations. And and I say that graciously, I say oh, yeah, and you know, I was I was sleeping then I because generally it's somebody who's like on the other side of the world. So like, they forget that I live in the US, and we don't have the same time. So I give people the benefit of the doubt, I'm not trying to be super defensive or angry or anything or get super critical of people in that. I want to be accepting of my clients, I love them. They're amazing. They're my favorite group of people next to my family. There's my clients that I have, really, they really are. It's an incredible atmosphere of like minded people that are going out there and impacting people, and they're changing the world. But when it comes to building Facebook ads, it's about creating a mechanism and a vehicle, to build trust with people and not just trust.

[1633:21] Speaker 0: But connection. And connection goes much deeper than just lip service. It goes much deeper than just the words that we say I want to give, I want to recommend a book to everybody that's here. That might change your thinking on this. It's called everyone communicates few Connect. Because we're all communicating things every moment in time in our life. But very few people and only the ones that are the most effective in business and in life, connect with people. And I'll give you a little bit about what it talks about. It's these five principles. How do you find common ground with people? How do you keep it simple? How do you captivate somebody's interests so that they listen to you? And they don't ignore you? How do you create an experience that's super enjoyable for everybody? And how do you stay authentic and true to yourself in all those situations, if you can do that, you don't have to work more than five to 10 hours a week in a coaching business that can make 10s of millions of dollars. But the truth is, most people don't know how to do that, because they've never been taught how to. And that's no fault of anybody's but just the reality is that most parents don't even know how to connect with their kids today. Most families are not to connect, most teachers don't know how to connect most coaches, most mentors. And it's not that you're a bad person for not knowing even how to connect with people. Maybe you feel like you do know how to connect to people. I'm not trying to be judgmental of that. I didn't know how to connect with anybody when I started. And that was the problem. I didn't know how to connect with people to build trust. So there's two books that I that I read, this is one of them. The other one is called the Speed of Trust. And this book triggered the crap out of me, like emotionally and trauma wise, because I realized all of the things that everybody who ever abused me in my life, they learned it from this book.

[1667:28] Speaker 0: And that's one of the problems is that the stuff that we need to do in business

[1669:24] Speaker 0: is the same stuff that some of the most unethical people do. And so when I tell you, you really like need to learn how to effectively build trust with people. Some people hear that as learn how to con people and pull the wool over their eyes based on their own trauma experience, and by the way, I get it. That's the world we live in today. That's more common than not in the coaching and online course space. But can I tell you this? It does not negate the importance of learning to build trust quickly with people. Because people's attention span is so low. So when it comes to you running an ad on social media, you really have to learn this one thing, the purpose of that ad is to build trust, quickly. There's generally a 21. Day countdown 21 Day countdown. And what this is, is after 21 days, there are diminishing returns. So generally, as you go along a timeline, once you hit day 21, the trust that people have in you usually drops off right here, and their ability to buy from you and their desire to buy from you. And so if you don't have people becoming a client of yours by day 21 of when they come into your ecosystem, they find you online, they become a client. This is the problem with the idea of the paradigm of building trust running video of us doing retargeting ads, and all of that is you have to do it within 21 days. The problem is with that is that generally it's nearly impossible to do that. So you got to literally do the impossible. And you got to do so without burning yourself out. And that's why, quite frankly, again, some of my haters tell me, Jeremiah, you know, in these five days, I didn't learn anything, there is no value. And it's because there is there is a lot to unpack that, listen, I'll be the first to admit that I am a total failure. For some people at doing this, I could learn to use less words and less time to communicate what I just told you. I get letters every single week, that the biggest complaint people have of me, Jeremiah, you ramble on and on and on about stuff that does not matter is a waste of my time, quite frankly, I want to pull my hair out. And I even had one lady say, and honestly, my son has a disability, he's smarter than you. And she used that to to imply, and then at the bottom of her email said, Too harsh, haha, signed her name. And that's why she had asked for her money back from joining my program. And I was just like, You know what, that's her opinion, that's great. I'm not perfect. I never claimed to be, could I be better at how I do things, of course. That's why we can't wait until we're perfect to launch something, we can all improve, we can all get better at what we're doing. But here's the thing, I'm not going to try to be anybody that I'm not, I'm not for everybody. I don't need to be. But there's a certain group of people that I love working with. And they're the people that are willing to be teachable and learn from somebody that might do life differently than them. That might have different values than them. They might have different priorities than them that might have different religious or political beliefs in them. I guarantee you, I have different beliefs in every part of my life about what I think is right, than a lot of my clients. And yet the ones that work with me the best, they don't let that get in the way of learning. And they don't let that get in the way of saying, Hmm, is there something that maybe I don't know that I can learn on how to reach people with my message on how to build trust with people, and how to connect with people? And so again, Mark Krister, maybe, Cynthia, you could argue I haven't answered your question at all. I haven't told you anything about your question. I haven't this question right here. I've spent the last. Gosh, how long has it been? Nearly 30 minutes, ignoring the very thing you asked me, sir. Right. You know, whatever. If that's your opinion, that's great. You know, one thing that I tell people often is that there's a there's a there's a learning, there's a way of learning that some people sometimes people have that causes them to experience problems. And again, this might be very offensive. To some people hearing this, they they only hold on to the one thing that they wanted an answer to and they they ignore everything else that somebody says. So for instance, like if somebody asked me a question, they're like, I want to know how do I spend my first $200 on Facebook and I'm not saying that Mark, you're doing this I'm not saying that? Krista, you're doing this I don't think you would literally join every single training I do if that was the case, right? But I have people that like they do this. They're like, well, Jeremiah, you know, I just wanted to know, how do I structure a course. And I'm like, I'm literally giving you the blueprint to become a multimillionaire, but you just want to know that thing. So I'll tell you how to do that I can show you, I can walk you through it. Unfortunately, I can tell you this mark, not having you on here with me live, and not being able to even like hear your feedback, as I walk you through what to do, makes it a little bit harder to do that, does that mean that I'm a failure as a coach, a mentor, could be to some people's standards and values. And that might be an area that I could grow in, I'm researching how to get better at coaching people. Why? Because I want to do better. I think that I can do better. And I fail every single day at doing the very thing that people even hire me for. I don't say that to scare anybody away or to you know, I say that. Because if if you're willing to take a chance and connect with me, and and learn to ask the strategic questions, and realize that sometimes, the question that you're asking may not actually be the question. That's gonna get you to where you want to go. And so I look at this question from Mark, and I understand where it's coming from. But, you know, that's not really how I would do it. Do I start with this? Do I aim to build a video views based look like going for leads? What steps are I spending my initial budget with?

[1789:26] Speaker 0: Neither what you spend your first $200 on, is building trust and connection with people in 21 days.

[1793:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, you may argue that's the side effect of building a look alike audience and leads and things like that. And what's the practical side of doing that? So generally, what I recommend people do is to do it all at once. And so what you need to do is you need to have an offer sounds like you have an offer, you said you have a new offer. Okay. So that's great. You've done that step, you've probably worked with the AI to figure out how to market it to people, but you got to do is you got to get people on your email list. Okay. So you want to get leads. And your goal is to get leads, but you don't run it as a video views campaign. And you don't build a video of us based lookalike necessarily as the first step. Okay. So the video views based look alike is generally step two or three on this process. Generally, you're going to target based off of some what's called broad targeting. Okay. So in the ads manager itself, you're able to go into the ads manager, and you're able to target for let's just go into this right here, and I'm gonna show you this again, and maybe Mark, you're watching this and you're like, Okay, well, he finally got to the point 40 minutes later, who knows? Well, let me let me go over here and show you this. So when we create an ad, if I go in and I create an ad, an ad has various campaign objectives. So we have a traffic ad would not recommend that generally, I always recommend what's called a conversion ad. So a conversion ad is tracking. If people are see where it says conversions right there, I can't move my mouse Oh, here we go. Conversions right here, okay. And generally we do leads for conversions to get people to share their information. So that is a and I don't do recommended I do manual setup. If I'm running a new campaign, that's how I would set it up. I leave all of this out as it goes. Next screen. I go website because I'm sending them to a landing page. So question for you Mark, do you have a landing page then we maximize conversions is already separately goal. I leave this all blank. I do my budget whatever that is. You said you got to under bucks. There we go. And I would not run the ads for more than two weeks. So if you're going to launch the ad today, we're going to go two weeks from today. Let's say that you're going to run your offer. That's going to be a live event on Saturday. As far as that goes. We're going to run it until that day right there. And generally I run it until two hours before the event. Okay, so the event is at three o'clock pm central we're going to run it till one o'clock. We're not going to set this here we're going to do our location depends on the product if it's only available in the US like the stock market you only market that if it's marketing training like this, you can go globally but US, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom for the sake of the example I'm gonna skip over that. Now Now let's go to they do have this one says audience suggestion. And you can click on demographics for different types of audiences. So if you're marketing, this type of training that I'm doing, you said you have an offer in a niche like mine, you would target for MailChimp, users. Squarespace Squarespace come up Nope. Oh, Squarespace. There we go. Squarespace you could target for Click Funnels, looks at the top click funnels down. Ah, you could target for any of the software's that people use is a great way to do that. Then you start to build a look alike audience and you go over to doing that. But you're going to target this audience with your offer with an ad campaign to get people to sign up for that I turn off multi advertiser, I add in, whether it be a video or audio, all of that, I upload these videos, I make those with my phone. You've seen enough off trainings with me you know how to create ads, you know, do the copy with AI and record the video on your phone and all that, then we put a link on there and we set it up where it's tracking the website events on our landing page. And then we launched the ad. And that's how you start an ad for your first 200 bucks to get leads. And so you're targeting for leads, you could create another campaign that then retarget those people, the ones who have not joined you, you can retarget them to come join you again. To be able to if they didn't sign up, you can remind them about it. Once you have about 100 to 200 people that have visited your landing page or website or even viewed your video ad you can retarget those people as well. So you don't run a video views ad but you can track the video views and an audience. So we can create an audience based on your video ad. That is okay, we have a video ad right here. And they viewed 75% of that video ad video views. Now you can create an audience based around this and you choose what those videos are. So if I go in and I'm going to choose my page, we're going to choose Ah, let's see here is a first one of the retargeting video ads that we're running right now. So you gotta go through like these different pages. So some of these are like what's been on my social media, things like this.

[1883:07] Speaker 0: Not all of them are video ads that were running, I looked for if like the video views are up above a certain level, if I'm running a campaign through my social media, we can do that. So you can see like, not a lot of these have a lot of video views,

[1886:38] Speaker 3: Jeremiah, we can't, I can't see your screen.

[1887:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ah, I've had some people leave my program because sometimes I do that. They, they just have a problem with the fact that I'm just not aware of my surroundings sometimes. That's one of the things that annoys my wife the most to so I'm learning to get better at that.

[1893:05] Speaker 0: So you can see like, a lot of these ads don't even have video views on them. So I'm not even gonna select them. But here's some right here we go. So I found a couple by scrolling through, this one has over 597 video views from an ad that I ran. So I'm gonna go scroll through and I'm gonna select as many pages as I can various videos that have multiple video views on them. And overall, when you put a bunch of those together, you'll have an audience that has a decent amount of people that have watched a certain amount of your video views, then you can create a look alike audience of them. The other thing you can do is you can set this instead of doing 75% of your video, you could retarget just that they watched at least three seconds or 10 seconds. And so that's would be all 500 of those people. And then I could target those people with a retargeting ad. From there, we can show them an offer. Or we could remind them Hey, saw you checked out this, your ad would say, Hey, I saw you check out my website. You didn't sign up for the offer. I get it. Maybe stuff like this doesn't seem like your thing. Here's what I want to encourage you with. And then I might bring in like a pain point or an objection that they would normally have. And that's a retargeting ad that I might run and things like that. This is all stuff that I teach in our accelerator program, by the way about running ads. If I shared what I just shared with you on my webinar about ads, people would be like their head would like they wouldn't even understand it. They would be like okay, what in the world like that doesn't none of that made sense. To me. I don't even have my niche figured out Jeremiah, I don't have my offer. And so what happened was I used to teach. What I just shared in the last like 10 minutes was all that I used to teach people when I started my coaching business. That's it I would literally just teach that one thing that I just shared you with you. And nobody would become a client of mine because they were so overwhelmed with like, I don't have a landing page yet. So I pivoted over to where now I just teach the landing page of it like that, and the offer creation and all of that. Now I have people that are pissed off, because I haven't taught what I just shared with you in the last five minutes. So I'm not going to please everybody. But I'm going to focus in on one thing, what builds trust with the people that I want to connect with, that I can create the most impact and results for. And that's ultimately what we run our ads for around. So hopefully this was helpful, Mark, with your question, and you're able to use that and dial that in. So we did this, this was a this was supposed to be an hour, but it was a two hour sort of just brain dump. For me, I can't wait to go through the transcript and pull some things out of it. But yeah, if anybody wants to jump in and try the accelerator program again, we'd love to have you in there. Try it out for 30 days, I had some people their objection to joining us, oh, how do I know that you're legit, and actually gonna give me my money back after 30 days, right, and it's gonna steal my money. Here's the thing. I don't think there's anything any way I can prove that to you. Maybe I can log in and show you all the people that I've given refunds to maybe I'll do that maybe I'll go find a screenshot of all the people, the very few that I've given refunds to that have asked for their money back. But that's the thing like I legitimately I am not going to try to resell you. I'm not trying to another used car salesman. That makes sense. If somebody joins my accelerator, and they're like, I want out after 30 days, I'm not trying to convince them that maybe they're making the wrong choice. I'm gonna trust that my system does its job and that the people that are leaving probably aren't a good fit. And I leave it at that. And, and quite frankly, I can tell you, without a doubt, every single person in the last year who has taken me up on the 30 day money back guarantee, in retrospect, was probably the best thing for me and them that they were not in there. Because they probably would have been really frustrated. And I would have probably gotten really frustrated trying to help them. As far as this goes. Now, some of them are taking their feedback, right? Cynthia or no, not Cynthia, the other lady. Daisy's husband was like, well, sometimes your critics evidence site and things like that, of course, I love listening to feedback from my clients. But I ignore the haters on social media. I ignore the haters on my ads. I get the worst comments from people that join me on my free webinars. Like they're the meanest people. Why? Because they are angry that they spent two hours listening to me and didn't bless God, get what I wanted. And I guarantee you those are people that are used to using anger to get their way. You know, I grew up in a church where that's what they taught men to do, was using their anger to get their way. And I learned to not let that control me. And to not spend time with people that are like that. And quite frankly, I would rather as you know, gosh, I'm gonna come out and say something I've never said before. So again, I'm a Christian, I believe in Jesus, I love Jesus. I love Christians, I love the church. I would rather work with somebody who does not have the same faith in me that is a kind person than a pompous, arrogant, legalistic, angry, controlling person that shares my faith. Because the chances of me being able to help them get results. And the amount of damage that they're going to do to people with my training is astronomical.

[1981:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that was for free. Is like nodding your head, you know? Yeah, it's, it's true. It's absolutely true. And that's why you know, I've had some people that like, you shouldn't be so like, open about your faith. I'm like, actually, I think it shows my authenticity and I'm not trying to justify it or explain it or I don't get into theological debates with people that's just my thing. I don't need to force anybody to to agree with me i If there's one last thing I'm gonna leave y'all with here that I think I've been tiptoeing around for the last two to three weeks and I've not mentioned very much

[1992:59] Speaker 0: what's gonna make you successful in your coaching business is getting rid of any ounce of a need to control other people

[1996:13] Speaker 0: that was it deep said. Yeah. Because that's the thing is that when you give people the choice to become a client of yours, that choice to engage with you, and you're not trying to control their choices or Use clever tactics to manipulate them into your program to sell them. And listen. I do have some people, they listen to what I teach about using AI and language, and they're like that is manipulating the thought processes of people to get then and I'm just like, No, actually, it's not because there's a few elements in here that that, that remove a lot of that unethical part of it from it. Because I also, I really encourage people to make choices for themselves. I really, really, at my core, encourage people to decide what's best for them, even if it is not financially beneficial to me. I heard a coach say this once a mentor, a salesperson, a sales coach, he said this, there's no person in the world that would turn away good money. And anybody who tells you that they would turn away a client is lying to you. And what's funny is, I disagree with that. Because I have turned a lot of clients away, because you can't manipulate me with money. You can't get me to do things with money, I've had people offer me money to try to get me to do things and you can't there's no amount of money that's gonna get me to change my choices and decisions. Ultimately, there's just not what there is, is me saying, You know what, I want to connect with people that are meant to work with me. And I'm willing to lose money to make sure that I qualify the right people.

[2027:58] Speaker 0: What gives me the arrogant right to think that I know who's qualified and not well, quite frankly, I, I would say I don't always know that. But there's a few mechanisms that you can put into your marketing that you can do in your sales pitch that you can do in your training to, to make it very clear to people that it's not a good decision to work with you. That's because I'm not trying to control people, I want them to make that decision for themselves. And, and oftentimes, this is the part I think that when people say I'm overwhelmed with the marketing, they don't understand how to do this part of it, because of what they've experienced. And they wish that they could do this really well. But they realize that maybe they're struggling in certain areas that they're dealing with. And that's why some of my clients, maybe they might be in the accelerator program for a year. But they're not they've not made money, because they've been they've been applying all the training that they know is going to help them become a better communicator, they're getting better at how to build connection with people they're building. You know, you want to know all of them have said my relationships have gotten way better. That is one of the biggest things that I hear from people, my relationships have gotten way better, which is crazy, because I am somebody who has struggled with relationships, I'll tell you this, my clients probably have better relationships than I do. And they have learned a lot from me. There's this belief in the coaching industry that you should never teach on anything that you're not a perfect expert in. I'm not a perfect expert in relationships or building it. But can I tell you this, I know how to get clients in your business, I know how to create a business, it's not going to burn out. It's not going to make you want to quit. And if you want to quit, that's your choice, because you're gonna do something better. Like my mom did. Right? I remember the decision that she made to shut down her inner circle program, it was hard because she had that for a long time. But now I've seen this growth in her by deciding to do that. And it was amazing, because

[2061:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: she felt really confident that people were going to be served if they join me in my coaching program. She had mentioned a lot of people to join my program. And that was that was an amazing this is like a month ago or so couple of months ago. And so all that to say I truly could not care less if you join my program or not. But I think just trying it out for 30 days would be a great thing for anybody that they're still watching this if you're entering here if you're resonating just to at least get the for free courses that I'm giving you on the Facebook ads and the content creation how you don't have to spend hours creating content. And the funnel building was a semi IPO and Squarespace so that's what I'm gonna leave this and enrollment does. And tonight for this. And so from here.

[2074:41] Speaker 0: If you do join us on our Fast Start call tomorrow. It'll be at four o'clock Eastern. And we'll talk soon have a good one everybody. And I hope that everything goes well with you and you live long and prosper. Do the Vulcan site whatever just watching Star Trek last night so I was on my mind that's funny All right see y'all everybody

