Coaching Program Launch Blueprint
Date: 2025-06-12T05:11:28.000Z
Duration: 4 min
Otter ID: Gsm8a2d8R2oaeOfjT6Jp6FD0Kv8
---

[0:17] Speaker 0: All right, I want to break down a very simple, step by step blueprint of what the actual system is that we need. One of my clients is getting overwhelmed by all the pieces that we need to put together. So I want to break this down simply for

[6:31] Speaker 0: he has a one on one coaching business. He wants to launch group coaching program number one, he comes up with what the group coaching program actually is. Creates a landing page, creates an offer page that people can sign up and register. Once they sign up and register, they get access to

[11:20] Speaker 0: other resources, such as a Facebook group members, area, courses, training, events, live call details. Now to promote that business, we promote that business through a number of different channels, but the channels don't really matter as much. Matters is what we're actually so to

[19:18] Speaker 0: promote it, we're gonna use some kind of a landing page for people are going to register for something that is free. Free thing can be in the form of a download or a course we're going to give them it's

[25:24] Speaker 0: going to include some kind of piece of video content. And learn that video content, turn the cast version for what's possible, and sell them on the main program. We're going to help keep them engaged throughout what this content is, there'll be an email automation sequence which follows up with them. And if we want to reach out one on one, do some direct follow up. We can also do that as well. The content gets emailed out to the people when they register. It's valuable content that they sign up for within An email address.

[42:02] Speaker 0: After they sign up for it, I once you consume it, there'll be a percentage of them between five and 10% to upgrade and ascend to the page here. So this is essentially a free offer that builds trust in a connection that is used to directly sell and promote the page here itself so

[54:08] Speaker 0: because it's automated. The lead generation is automated. He doesn't have to actually be doing all the work himself. From there, we can connect with the potential prospects using forms of content, email, anybody who has not

[64:29] Speaker 0: become Simple. The assets. Break down an outline of all the assets that he created, and turn that over.

