Influencer Challenge Strategy
Date: 2022-02-19T19:20:25.000Z
Duration: 93 min
Otter ID: JHpEMX1zytbt6tYKkl5tDKGGILs
---

[0:41] Georgian: suppressing, suppressing the truth or declaring and even risking in time of like, legally is not right but yet go for it and step out and, and do what you would do to can to protect God's people and God's in the truth you know. So, because that's right in the middle of the challenge, of course they're among the top influencers you know as to influence the king in the kingdom and everything and up to half of the kingdom he said, whatever you want, you know, and mortar high. And that example just like germ, I mean, just just like shadow Misha Bendigo Daniel, all these influencers and Joseph you know, influencers that's kind of like what the right the the Mars masterclass is about influencers in every way.

[18:02] Kalel: Yeah. Yeah. I have a question about marketing. Do we want to have two variations of the artwork and advertise for two different events simultaneously? Or do we want to somehow combine this week challenge into one kind of thing? Does that make sense?

[25:26] Georgian: Yeah. And I know what you mean, asking and, and I like to hear Steve. Hey, Steve. Good to see you.

[27:12] Steve Brown: Good. Cgo Hey, everybody.

[27:49] Georgian: It's yeah, your backgrounds a little bland, but we can still it's okay. Yeah. That's awesome. As looks like a lot of though Picasso's something it is it? Is he joking.

[31:45] Steve Brown: No, it is.

[32:26] Georgian: That's great. Anyways, what would you and Jeremiah has had things to say about the way we advertise more successfully for one, two into one? How?

[35:59] Steve Brown: Yeah, I mean, we just the last, I was just pulling some notes up, because when we last discussed this, we brought in the fact that esto was an influencer. And that we were going to run that, as you know, we're going to run it as an influencer. In that sense. The only thing I think that we would do differently is the fact that maybe I mean, we already talked to Karen about getting the the ester, previous Esther and she sent that over. For us to get that list. The only thing we thought that we might do different is the fact that there may be more women that may be more interested in the Esther event, that maybe we targeted that slightly different for that one, particular so there will be some, say more female oriented ads. So I don't know Karen, what do you think? Um,

[50:11] Karen: I need to back the truck up just a little bit. Because yes, I want to get to what you're saying.

[52:50] Wennie: Um, okay.

[53:43] Karen: We have two campaigns going one is a challenge, which is based on influence Kingdom influence, I guess you would call it Kingdom influence. And it'll bring people from a challenge into my class. And that is that runs for like seven days. At the same time, we have the shift campaign that goes every month. And now this second one is going to be following February and it's a different campaign in momentum. To make things work, we are putting the shift Ester in the middle of the campaign. So personally, I do think the Sign Up Up in the onramp is going to be different in one sense, because and we need to talk about this Hello. The shift itself is for free speech going on rumble. And any campaign we've done has not been on a rumble but we can we can do the whole thing on rumble if we want. We can do it on Facebook. But I don't know how we do the shift estar live on Facebook. That is a big question for me. Are you kidding? In a lot,

[80:10] Kalel: oh, sorry. Good finish.

[80:39] Karen: No, I mean, we can put it later. If we need to edit it, we would edit it and put it up. But I just don't know how we can do it live. So like, that's a perplexing question, what is the right answer? Do we still stay on Facebook? Do we do it on Facebook and rumble simultaneously? But that one Wednesday? What do we do? Because Facebook does still draw people on the spur of the moment. You know, Rumble won't do that. So like you're asking, George is asking, do we advertise them the same? I'm, I need to go back to this place first. And and then of course, I think we need to advertise them the same and separately, all both.

[93:37] Steve Brown: Yeah. And that's possible that we can do that, you know, even with all the changes and everything else that's targeting audiences, who are the Who do we think are the speakers for Esther?

[97:37] Karen: Well, Georgia and hasn't invited anybody. This is his his wish list as of the other day, Steve Strang said Raph gorebyss, Gordon Robertson, someone from Flashpoint, Andrew Womack, and Alveda King.

[102:04] Steve Brown: So two of those are controversial and will get us into problems with Facebook, that Steve Strang and some of the Flashpoint guys, we have to be careful off. Depending on who that is. Right? There, there's a pretty safe on flash on Facebook. Well,

[108:11] Georgian: let's discuss both we have, we have some controversial speakers. And we have no controversial speakers, because we have not invited anybody and we could still go strong, but maybe not with the non controversial stuff. And if something happened, you know, then then it is what it is. But what what are the pros and cons? And how can we handle a, let's say, with controversial or be with no controversial speakers? How can we handle the you know, promotions and stuff for both? You know, what I'm saying?

[119:13] Karen: Like promotion is not the question. The question is the airing of it. So the one way around it is to not try to put the shift in the middle of the challenge. So you could do a mild Ester in the middle of the challenge in the following week have the actual shift version of Esther, the following week. That to me, I know you also have will have math, well, you'll have two weeks off, you don't have a Master's class yet. So am I right or wrong? I don't know. Go it'll go right into the Masters class, but either way,

[128:35] Georgian: oh, right into master class, but between this master class and the next challenge, there's two weeks and a half.

[130:32] Karen: Do you see what I'm saying about the Esther thing? You could have a mild Facebook friendly. Yeah, Esther, in the challenge, but then really go, you know, use that to say and we're gonna really go into this big time next week. During our shift campaign,

[136:40] Georgian: that's really you invite the controversial? Correct.

[137:45] Steve Brown: So for me, the Esther is slightly more female orientated just because she was a girl. But we seem to be very heavily male dominating. In that, I mean,

[142:03] Georgian: what do you mean, in the Esther?

[142:44] Karen: Mordecai was smarter eyes

[143:22] Georgian: a big motorcar? Yep.

[143:53] Steve Brown: And so, right. So the there is there is that element, but normally with Esther, you know, I think more people think of the story revolving around her. And a motor carrier obviously played a really huge part in Hey, come on, girl, you know, you got to get ready to get before the king. You're the one that's going to save the nation. He put that forward. But she actually is the one that went ahead and did that. So for me, it's just been the Esther's been anything that we've done and I'm thinking the previous one we did was slightly more female orientated

[153:58] Georgian: right, but the the brave, non non compromising non bending the knee portion of more high story is almost like Shadrach, Michigan and Bendigo in the way of not bowing down to the culture and really huge for me. So that's, that's where I, I get my delete it mired in a mighty touched and, you know inspired astir I mean, direct is a woman but it's a human. It's a believer. It's, you know, Jewish are born again today, boldly step before the throne and and kind of like the kingdom where, you know, it's one thing to know you're married to God someday going to go and heavens nothing to push the agenda to the kingdom now because she she stepped up now

[170:58] Kalel: yeah oh yeah,

[171:17] Georgian: yeah so that that to me is a belief it's a bride of Christ is female in a sense but it's not it's where Esther to me is the type of the Bride of Christ we all fit in there and we need to step up before the law and be guilty if need be but no, we're not going to be prepared, you know, I mean?

[176:36] Karen: Well to ask Steve's question in a different way. What if we used a different title and said something about Mordecai and Esther in the title like not just Esther? Yeah, like if that I think that Steve is trying to think from a marketing point of view. Yeah. So if we said, Use more to cause name, also in the title. But But again, we're all over the place. So if we're talking about the challenge, and this Esther episode is one in seven, chapter seven chapters in a book of influencers, that that's easily handled that way. And then if we do the shift campaign the following week with Esther, that is more dominant, where we have to think about how do we bring the male and female component together?

[193:57] Steve Brown: Yeah, we can we can do extra modifier that, that that actually works in doing that. And, you know, puts us into another level of anybody else that's doing just something that's an esterday. I think there's a benefit to doing that, that we do a breakaway, where we are doing something that's different from the run of the mill Ester, that we actually promote this as an ester motorcades as influences to save a nation and we bring the two together.

[202:12] Georgian: Yeah, exactly. That's for,

[202:53] Karen: um, I the problem. The good news is we can hit it in the challenge because her um, is the 16th and the 17th. Right. And so if we do it the week after, if we draw heavily, people from the challenge and say we're gonna hit it again next week. I think it's fine. Yeah, right. Yeah,

[209:51] Steve Brown: we're doing the challenge on 14 through 18. And then what are we doing? 21 to 25?

[213:00] Kalel: That is class classes. Okay. But also do the closer the bond who's here Thursday?

[215:25] Georgian: Wait a minute. Let me look at the calendar. What do you say Steve? 21. To 25.

[217:02] Steve Brown: Yeah, cuz the the I've got the influenza challenge down. It's 14 through 18. Right?

[218:56] Karen: Through 20. Really? Well. Yeah. 21 and 23 would be

[220:58] Steve Brown: masterclasses class. Got it? Got it. Okay.

[221:53] Georgian: And turned on.

[222:24] Karen: We could do Friday the 25th as the shift campaign with Mordecai and Esther.

[224:23] Kalel: Yeah. That's smart. Because you'll you'll be able to do an extra ask for the Masters class.

[226:34] Steve Brown: It's a different audience. Yeah, it's

[227:21] Kalel: good to separate them because the challenge itself is very complicated and that we do the challenge plus the backstage and that is very complicated with how we organize that and administrate that. So to add like, a call on top of all of that. Yep.

[232:24] Karen: They're also separate signups, too. So yeah. Third version of a signup.

[233:59] Kalel: Yeah. Yeah. It's smart to separate it for sure.

[234:37] Georgian: Yeah, great. Yeah. And, and of course, in the scope of the week, is really 10 days. But let's say that the first five days of the challenge, the middle on Wednesday, is influencer in in the sphere of let's say, at this time is was the very unique, controversial situation where the Jews is a race and as a was being hated on this and that, but yet, both among them are and this is how, but then then the next day, the challenge will be another aspect of, of influencers, let's say Joseph, we can have Joseph in a sense of inspiring, biblical story for us to step up and endure through whatever because God gave you a dream. And someday, that dream will come to pass. So the dreamers one day, I mean, corral if we could, if we could look at it that way, we have five days with five groupings of influencers. Can we take a different in a world of influencing what what can we talk about? Can we discuss that a little bit? Like what are the five major influencing people or situations in in life? What What would you say?

[259:10] Kalel: Yeah, if you're going to be an influencer, you could get into you know, what kind of influence or obviously government education you know, health is that what you're talking about like those kind of well

[262:54] Georgian: yours does that those a little bit much adept generally like the or or shift America things but non political what are the influence in air like moms are big influence because they train the children you know moms and dads right really parents parents is a huge influence you mentioned teachers of course but what else we consider very important aspect of influencers you know economy of course you know, Joseph is a big influence it to me

[273:44] Kalel: yeah entrepreneurs

[274:14] Georgian: intrapreneurs right there you go.

[274:49] Kalel: Social media Yeah. When he said social media influencer like, what else gonna go in that direction of like, tick tock and Instagram how to influence in those areas? Is that what we're talking about?

[279:53] Georgian: Let's say we dedicate one for more media once for we said economy that's big, you know, like being well, Joseph influence, Joseph influence for me is one of with, with, with standing with your dream, you know, and not, not breaking, not forgetting your dream and being a leader in that sense that if God gives you a dream, even if you're, even if your dad and mom don't understand it, in the sense of like, they're going like they don't know, they don't know what God actually gave you. Because the dad disapprove of, of Joseph dream, because there it is, Joe, you know, you know, what's his name? Jay Jacob was a man of God, but yet God gave dream to Joseph and he disapproved This is Wait a minute, my son, what are you talking about? You know, I'm saying so. So only really, God knows. The kind of dreams is given and you should stand with that with that dream. And so, that, to me, is a big deal to to stand with the influencer volume versus God Himself. Right. So what else do you think we could discuss in those five days?

[303:15] Kalel: For the dream thing, you know, Dan McCollum is awesome at talking about how to fulfill your purpose, fulfill your destiny. live out the prophetic words that you have, but also Candice Semmens. Female, she's good with that. And Steve to two women also confirmed Lana Vasu and Catherine Rinoa. Catherine runanga was supposed to do our greatness of God. But it was like overbooked so I said can we ask her to do that kingdom influencer session? So there's more females getting confirmed? So to answer your your female question, but yeah, I love the fulfilling that God dream destiny that promises over your life. What do you guys think? Other areas

[319:00] Wennie: and it might be cliche, but we still need influencers at the church. could prefer being influenced. There's influences in the church now. They're not influencing them with godly principles, but their influence from someone just came out Mike Michelle, from Bethel just came out as gay. And it's like this whole thing. And it's like, but he has a very influential, and you have a large following is very intelligent, very well spoken. So even that, in a sense, like, people are going back and forth, but like you see, right, because you just did this video that like 50k us on YouTube. And so I think it's still important that we have like, yeah, influence is important, but like God, obviously got godly, godly influence trumps everything. So I think in the church is important to discuss the right type of it. Yep. Wow.

[334:32] Karen: Did you see the text? I just sent everybody? Yeah, it's very good. It's, it's, it's something that Chris Valentina had sent out a month ago. And it's just a highlight of his thing. But Georgia, and it's a quote by John Maxwell that says leadership is influence nothing more, nothing less. However, this begs the question, Does everyone have the same level of influence? And then he says, let's take a look at Moses. He was instructed by his father in law Jethro, to teach them God's decrees and give them his instructions, show them how to conduct their lives. That's all like, part of what when he's talking about, you know, so you select from all the people, some capable honest, at the time men who fear God and hate bribes, appoint them as leaders over groups of 1000, or 150, or 10. Knowing everyone has a different level of influence, as well as some people need the more intimate thing, but like, I don't care if it's church groups for youth, singles, or whatever kind of groups are going on in church, as well as Boy Scouts and Little League and Girl Scouts and all these things in the community. We need leaders. So, the opposite question of what are areas of influence? Well, what are you passionate about, like Grace? Who has worked on our team for years? Do you know that she was always an athlete, she always loved volleyball? And for many, many, many decades, until she had children, she was coaching volleyball for the local high school. Well, that's an influencer. You know, so I'm asking the question differently instead of what are the areas? I would, I would encourage people What are you passionate about? You could influence that sphere?

[369:04] Georgian: And how many spheres? are we deciding to, to address or to you know, that's that's, that's kind of my question. I need I need help with discussing the spheres

[373:49] Kalel: lose prophetic scribes, authors, writers. That's one area media of influence that is very popular.

[377:17] Karen: For me, there's a physicality or whatever, like in your neighborhood in your district, you know if if it's sports, I'm just saying like Steve could be literally coats for you know, his area

[382:57] Karen: I got cricket so I'll stop. But I'm just trying to tell you that it's not just going on your Instagram, Instagram or your Facebook and posting something

[386:57] Georgian: it's more like in the media and social media, especially the trends and and how do we, we decide not to follow this trend because it's not really morally you know, we don't believe in that or we just kind of fall like for instance, I watched a podcast by a former gay and he he's really open to discuss things that most don't because he's he has a victory over sexuality and stuff is so he's far more open to discuss these things. And he talks about that. Again, forget the term use it was like actual some sort of a hashtag things The sexualizing of American youth or, or the the sexualizing something which, which like pushes all this makeup and is and revealing and this and that so now girls are have to do this or they're not going to get any followers they have to you know I'm saying and and that's the issue he brought up. So that's that's how when it comes to social media in my in my mind is also withstanding the temptation of be unpopular if need be and not have that many likes and not have them in this desert not but but you're true to what you know, is you and you know, respecting your body and your everything you know, so you're not revealing like this and that and

[414:17] Kalel: great makery topic. Yeah.

[415:18] Karen: Nelson's wife, Miranda Nelson could do a thing on that. Yeah. Be Amazing. Miranda Nelson, Jeremy Nelson's wife. She's a model who wouldn't compromise that's

[418:56] Georgian: Yeah, yeah. She'll be awesome at that. She knows how to protect and she's respected in industry, they realize she has boundaries. That's a good idea.

[421:48] Kalel: Did you guys hear about the lady that committed suicide in New York? Yeah. See, I could. The building that she jumped from is literally right across the street from me. And I look at it every day. She's 30 years old. She had like her resume was like perfect. She was Miss USA, you know, she just checked everything off as far as a worldly accomplishment. She had her like, Doctor it or something crazy. 30 years old. Yeah. So that's the pressure to like, the suicide rate is really high. Just the pressure to be perfect on social media to look a certain way. You know, there's a lot of body shaming and shame about the way people look, there's a lot of self hate, because people don't match up to what these models look like. You know, so that's a perfect, I think that's, that's an amazing topic to go after. Because that's what we learned in GC. SSM are identities to really like who we are, you know, half the Church teaches you that you shouldn't like you know, but that's our that's the message. You know, we're we're pure, you know, God created us to be amazing. So that's a good topic so I think that should be one of the topics we talked about the value, you know, I don't know what you want to call it.

[450:06] Georgian: Yeah, it has to do with identity right

[451:48] Kalel: yeah

[455:12] Georgian: and the whole thing of perfect you mentioned the perfect resume the perfect you know, there's also really weird social media perfect, everything perfect pictures. You have to be this right. Otherwise you don't get the right the likes and all this.

[460:37] Kalel: Exactly. There's a lot of pressure on kids to you know, have no they live off the lakes they live off the you know, accolades of social media. So it's a whole new kind of thing that kids are dealing with social media bullying you know, so

[468:25] Georgian: yeah. What what are the what are the other area of influence? influences? You guys can can we brainstorm that? Are

[473:06] Steve Brown: you trying to stay away from the seven mountain type?

[473:53] Georgian: No, no, I'm trying to not stay away from ATM China's say. What will be I mean, we even thinking about the masterclass not just the challenge. The challenge is the mini mini master class in master class. We have, let's say, five. Right now the format is five, challenge day, whatever and we're is five weeks time two sessions a week we have 10 sessions so we're talking about 10 days challenge those big versus 10 sessions one hour one and a half each of of bringing for these major you know influencers influence influencers in our life and raising us as influencers in in what areas are so cuz be nice to bring like the Great Father parents as influencers so to me said though is like one of the best describing parenthood parenting today you know with the Lord supernatural parenthood do we call it supernatural influencers? Or are we did we say Kingdom influence? I can't remember the title. What are we thinking?

[495:12] Kalel: I thought it was Kingdom influencers unless something changed. No, no. I mean, it's still kind of, you know, molded together. However you guys want to do it?

[498:36] Georgian: Do we? Do we want to use the word supernatural, let's say in the parenthood, because we're definitely all our Bible model models. And, you know, COBOL did us and influenced us is the Bible character, Jesus himself course through the different heroes. So yet, today, we're going into the business realm and in I mean, Paul was a businessman, my opinion, because he made tents, and he always had a lot of money. So he just to me, businesses, not unsanctified kind of thing, but there's a way to use business for the Lord big 100%. And, but parents, business people, artists, journalists, media writers, we could have at least one or one class with writers or maybe two different different areas writing and if people want to learn how to write a podcast or a poem or whatever, you know, I mean, so we can bring some of these because you become influencer. Right? Yeah.

[518:35] Steve Brown: So on the writing side, is that where you? Is that where Steve strengths coming in?

[520:08] Karen: Now, that would be on the shift.

[520:37] Georgian: That's the shift guy. Okay. Sorry, is a controversial right meaning they're on the edge, right, where we do shift shift America stuff or edgy, you know, but the masterclass of influencers? It's not necessarily that but it's, it's touching every different areas of life where different one of us relate to Oh, I could, yeah, I like to hear that how to parent supernatural today and withstand the slaughter of influence of my kids how to be a, you know, wise parent, and this and that. And, or even raising kids today, it's like, a wish I heard, Steve, I mean, St. But said said, though, wish I heard him 20 years ago, I would have rearranged my daughter a little differently, you know, with a lot more because I, you know, so he's sharp, but but leadership. We can't get somebody like, Bill, whatever. But we could get tons of good leaders as far as like business leaders and managing money. It's, uh, you know, Jim, Jim Baker is like really? How to manage your finances harem. You know, isn't that a great influence influence area or?

[544:39] Kalel: Yeah, yeah. I felt like we wanted to get Pedro for the influencer challenge.

[547:00] Georgian: We did. And he said, Yes, he says he will. So week one for 111.

[548:47] Kalel: My suggestion is to help him on the Ask day, along with Tracy Armstrong. And even try to get Heidi to do a day on what it is to stand for the gospel. You know, in the same vein as Esther, standing in the gap. Yeah, people people have to stand in the gap for the gospel. What does that look like? I don't know. Heidi is over overbooked. But

[557:29] Georgian: oh, she always says but if I focus, what ask exactly she would do it. If it has to do it. Exactly. Her feel of it. influence of being, she's like a little woman in there. She always says this herself. But meanwhile, She's packing nations with the gospel and stuff. But her approach is always very humble, and very God honoring and stuff and, you know, forgetting his, his, his intimacy with the Lord is her biggest weapon sort of, like most powerful thing. And so that's big influencer. I guess I can ask it to give us like, pre recorded, I don't know, 20 minutes or 30 minutes. If she if she can do 30 If she can do and she likes pre recording with me, she likes me to be there. She doesn't. And that way we could take if we can get that before the the 14 or whatever. We can get five minutes of that and put it on on Wednesday and Esther thing or somewhere somewhere in the challenge.

[575:28] Kalel: Yeah, usually she's the best on the SBS. We get the most traction with her.

[577:03] Georgian: Yeah. Oh, and and Pedro. Pedro is a big supporter for Heidi. Heidi is his number one. Charity to support. He's huge. And so if we combine her with him, he'll do great. Ask for us as well.

[581:28] Kalel: Yeah, and then get Tracy to do the other ask day. I think my opinion was Tracy is great. His energy is really high.

[583:38] Georgian: Okay, yeah, I agree.

[584:24] Kalel: We need like high high energy people for the Ask dates, you know, very engaged. Yeah.

[585:33] Georgian: Although, Dan McCall is also softer, asked, but he's great. Maybe we could use him on Saturday or something.

[588:52] Kalel: My suggestion to you Saturday would be great is to begin asking on Wednesday. That's my suggestion begin. Yeah. Actually asking because every day that we ask we get more people the days obviously that we don't ask we don't get anyone. And we usually end up needing like that extra day is my sound. Okay.

[594:39] Steve Brown: You're breaking up a bit.

[595:07] Georgian: Yeah, your headset or something breaking up usually?

[595:55] Kalel: Let me turn it off. Yeah. Sorry about that.

[596:55] Georgian: No worries. I know you need privacy to listen. So we'll go through.

[598:47] Kalel: Can you guys hear me? Yeah, very good.

[599:36] Georgian: A little better. Yeah. Yeah, maybe? Maybe the charge the batteries could talk.

[600:40] Kalel: I'm trying to fix this.

[601:19] Georgian: Yeah. What if we, okay, I'm kind of getting a little focused on I'm getting kind of where we're going. But what if we have for Wednesday? Which is the esterday I mean, should call yesterday with Esther more high thing coinciding with our influences? What if we have Daniel for like the more hi because he's a worshiper? Huge and worship? And, and the Lillian Wigglesworth great granddaughter, so what if we have her to be sort of like, so we have one for men, one for women in that day, particularly? And Daniel can do a soft ask easily.

[614:26] Kalel: Yeah, we should do it. Ask on the Wednesday for sure. Yeah,

[615:20] Georgian: start with Lillian, and then for 20 minutes, some and then Dan, I'll get 30 minutes with motohio type of stories and, and then do the ask.

[618:19] Kalel: That's great. I think that's a great idea. So all

[619:34] Georgian: the s like the Purim type of celebration, which is giving gifts to the poor. And, you know, the holiday stands for giving gifts to each other generosity, and celebrating with joy, the victory over the enemy in general and the survival of, of God's nation, God's people. So if we tie that into the promotion of that particular day coincided with this great, great believers holiday, but then the so that and last but not least, so that people not shocked when they there's two groups of people mixed in and they're very day one is just the holiday people just want to be one day with us to hang out and, and the other ones, oh, wait a minute, this part of something else. Maybe I'll stay you know, because it's free, right? We can invite him to stay for the next three days. What do you think, how are we going to do that kind of a merger kind of thing?

[638:43] Kalel: Well, there's going to be two different events one is going to be the following week that That's the, that's the rumble. And then on Wednesday is going to be like, we're going to do it twice to Esther think twice, but two different variations like you were talking I am on the challenge part, it'll be the celebration of pure drum. Like you said, the Malikai estar kind of thing, but that week is going to be like a, you know, down brand it to be like this all inclusive thing with Esther as an influencer, impacting your sphere, supernaturally, that kind of thing. And then we promote the rumble thing for the following week. During the challenge, but the challenge specifically is just the ester, the whole thing is the ester influence. So we're doing it twice the, the pure M thing, are they the ester thing, right. So the the challenge will be normal, like, like it is, but we'll add in the middle of it, a celebration of pure home with special speakers, we get more than just Lillian and Danna, we get other speakers as well.

[659:12] Georgian: Yeah. What if we, what if we don't look at it as two events meaning for him, and the challenge of influences what it will look at it as one event it was simply in the promotion of advertise or market, like that day will be obviously the huge influence that more hi and Esther them What about the day before the economy of good influences, like Joseph who had a dream about economical thing, and yet was huge and it was not accepted. In fact, he went through rejections being sold by an abandoned by brothers and this and that and endure with he stayed with the dream of God how to stay with the dream of God's giving everybody God's given a dream, everybody. And, and that dream has many dreams had to do it with protection of the next generation, be it number two, and some company or being you know, a mom or whatever, you know, there's so many levels. But having a dream for your child and staying with it, no matter what it looked like having a dream for being an artist and you've not sold a painting, but you're still painting having a dream. To be bright, though this thing we can develop that. And Joseph being our example of how to stay pure and Integris to your dream and protecting integrity of being a carrier of God's dream, and that way, let's say on Tuesday, that way, Tuesdays, Joseph kind of as a model and Wednesdays motohio And Esther and Thursdays, you know, speak Haydn's gospel and, and whatever I mean, are you saying each day to kind of have a, a biblical model or biblical you know, Abraham is sticking you know, through through to contend with with the plan of God and walking in faith. Even when when you're even your body doesn't look like it's gonna deliver but you're you're staying in the Abraham is our faith father, so influencers of faith, you know, our heroes are then you know what I mean? Then each day you sort of have a theme to it. What do you what do you guys think faith love failed love joy. I don't know if we go this way or something out that, that major pillars of our lives and how we can participate in influencing.

[711:27] Kalel: So I think like, Esther's the main story, right and then from Esther's story can branch out these other biblical stories, is that right?

[713:44] Georgian: No, I mean, each day earmark each day for different biblical stories and influence type the types you know

[716:41] Kalel: Yeah, I love that idea. So so we're not really so wouldn't be around Esther's what you're saying,

[718:26] Georgian: right? So that we don't pull all the pie everything and then Wednesday with Esther and stuff so doesn't, so people not disappointed but you know, I mean, if you interactive attracted and promos and stuff for s3 is great, but it's five days not it's not just one day, right? But that day is going to be massive celebration globally of one of our heroes are two of our heroes actually.

[726:00] Kalel: So there we have oil tester for another live. Yeah, yes, different

[727:27] Georgian: Daniel, Daniel, the prophetic one day we can have Daniel and still boldness and you know, because to be a leader is bold, you require guts and boldness and, you know, Holy Spirit is empowering us for all that difference. So

[732:19] Steve Brown: I'm lost. Sorry, Gio, I'm lost. Because we've got, so I'm sorry,

[734:17] Georgian: I needed I need to translate my, my translator, speaker,

[735:41] Karen: to I'm not connecting. It's not nothing is really connecting for me.

[737:18] Steve Brown: So I, I love the analogies of Daniels and Josephs and all the others. And I love Bible characters. And they're all great in the concept of taking influences out of the Bible into what we want to do. And missing the connection of who is the current Daniel, who's the current Jacob, who's the current Joseph, aha, that we're going to talk about? That are the influences. Yeah, I see great preaching teaching topics. I'm just trying to plug into my mind. Who those are

[746:42] Georgian: perfect. I appreciate your what you just said. Can you help help me find the current Joses a 102? Or the current? The I mean, how do we how do you see that? Who can be the current? Daniel, the current that's the current, you know, things.

[753:21] Steve Brown: So obviously, we're looking for we're looking for modern day leaders that are doing something and you know, the Joseph Daniels. So I mean, that one's the easiest of all of them, because we can look at that in terms while in that in in Daniels case. And Joseph, they're both they're both almost governmental leaders with a prophetic voice.

[759:49] Georgian: And as more economy data was more overall, the other one is more like the Joe Joseph is specifically understanding what how to deal with famine and stuff and have to do with provision of something but

[763:47] Steve Brown: Okay, so that's our economist. Yeah.

[764:31] Georgian: As the economist and yeah.

[765:42] Karen: Well, hopefully you already have yeses from that. That would be a good start. We have Lana or no,

[767:18] Kalel: yeah. Lana says she could do one in March. So we need to get a pre record from her. I have to hear back from Grace whether or not Katherine said yes to the, to the topic of the influencer. She said yes to the greatness. So we'll get a recording from her. But Jackie is waiting on a little write up. To invite speakers. We gave her some speakers already. And I'll let you know who those speakers are. She put this down on the sheet, she created a sheet. But for the Backstage Pass, she put down Ben Lim key fronte Richie seltzer will heart, David Wagner, and Stacy Campbell. And then for the challenge she put down Heidi Baker, Tracy Armstrong, Pedro Adeo, and Preethi Curien. So that's what she put down. But I think we already have Lana and probably Catherine to be a part of Lana can be a part of the challenge and Catherine could possibly do the Master's class probably.

[785:20] Steve Brown: So one area that we're not touching is music. And you mean as as geo as much as you are a musician in your own right, we aren't heading or we're not we don't have any worship leaders in this I, you know, I just wonder if we're missing something there. Because that that's a core part of who global is, and your leadership in terms of leading worship, and where we take music, etc. I wonder, Is that something you know, we could ask staff to come in and help with Yeah, staff

[796:32] Georgian: will be totally awesome because she communicates really emotionally and well.

[798:44] Steve Brown: Guys, what do you think? I mean, you know, I'm trying to think of music

[799:36] Karen: and I was thinking of Pino and Shawn Voigt, and you know, things like that. So yeah,

[801:41] Georgian: we shouldn't keep shuffling probably for the, for the chat for the those. Shed the neck. Yeah, definitely. Absolutely. And even Rapinoe especially Sean, Rick and Stephanie, both great for the and we can have half an hour of each for masterclasses, you know,

[807:38] Steve Brown: yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. I like both of those. Yeah. They're very good for this.

[809:36] Georgian: Yeah, she's specifically more.

[810:17] Steve Brown: So that's one day taken up on masterclass KalEl. Who else do we need? What are what are we got? What are the sections do we need to fill?

[812:49] Kalel: Well, we have business, right. That's Pedro. And Jim Baker. Yeah, his business. And then we have Heidi, who's the gospel? So Heidi, and Pedro. One day, Tracy Armstrong. And he can be by himself for he's a business. He's invented things, you know. And he has businesses I believe, but what do you guys think? Could Tracy do one day?

[823:30] Georgian: Definitely a half. Half of challenge and full day, full day on his own. And, yeah, he's great. And we could get a tight half a half a thing for charge. And he'll be the last time so he could do the actual asking, let's say on Friday,

[829:56] Steve Brown: so Thursday and Friday, we need Pedro and Tracy.

[830:55] Kalel: Yeah, it has Casey and Heidi would be the best. Yeah, well, Heidi's

[831:52] Steve Brown: not very good at asking though, is she?

[832:24] Georgian: No, no, wait, wait, wait first and then have a coupling them coupling it five minutes or seven minutes with, with Pedro being the main asker. And let's let's couple you know, we need to couple another couple for the Friday right.

[838:43] Karen: I mean, this is in a different lane. But the guy who did the chosen is a remarkable ingenious, not only influencer but think outside of the box influencer. So he's not only an influencer in the sense of making a beautiful movie of the Bible. But he broke the mold, he broke through a new way to do it. To me, that's still a major influence. I don't know that we could ever get him to speak. But if we ever could, it would be really tremendous. But even if we couldn't, if we pointed to him and showed a video of him talking and included that in what we're trying to say. I think that's a great example of something out of the box from what we typically do.

[854:12] Georgian: I agree that that guy is blowing me away, like you're gonna influence because he's video of movies ready? Movie, which is what media and movies or entertainment when I'm in movies, entertainment, that's another mountain. Yeah, right. Mm

[859:33] Kalel: hmm. Can we get Darren Wilson?

[860:10] Georgian: Same, same, same big influencer data, and I can get Darrin Absolutely. A good friend of

[861:53] Kalel: him. We could talk about the other guy too on the same day. Yeah. People that do movies. I mean, not at the same level, obviously. But they're in the same sphere.

[865:15] Georgian: Yeah. And the the chosen movie producer influenced me in the sense of here I am been with the Lord for 40 years ministering and stuff and yet he presented a different type of Jesus to me, that I've ever seen from media and it's like it affected me in a huge way. I mean, I thought wow, you know, and encouraged me brought me hope that we can use movies for a really cool Jesus and cool guy rather than the stereotype a little bit religious, you know? And the

[875:05] Karen: Payette, forward method, kind of a unique crowdsourcing Pay It Forward model he broke the box. Oh, right. Oh, yeah, you need to study STP. You know, he had a rejection in the natural that the Lord turned around and birthed something brand new. So he he launched this media without Hollywood and he's exorbitantly successful.

[884:10] Steve Brown: Brilliant. So So Jordan you know devil lives

[885:28] Georgian: very close. Cool. No, no, no who is Darrin? Darrin? The God teacher

[886:57] Karen: is not Darrin is not the chosen guy. Okay, that's

[888:08] Steve Brown: that's that's Derral Eve's is the chosen guy.

[889:28] Georgian: Yeah, I don't know. Yeah.

[889:44] Karen: Yeah. Jenkins Thank you money.

[891:11] Georgian: No, I don't know him.

[892:00] Steve Brown: No doubt the Dallas Jenkins is the writer. The producer, is yeah, it's, it's, it's EV Yes. EPS. He's, he's the producer. Darrell. D are. That's right. Derral. Eve's is the producer. And Dallas is the writer.

[899:00] Karen: Well, he's the he birthed it all. He's the mouthpiece. He's. I mean, he's the face of it.

[901:40] Steve Brown: I have to be honest, either of them will be freaking phenomenal. It doesn't matter. I don't know Darrell at all. When did you know Dallas?

[906:08] Wennie: John Gallagher.

[907:00] Karen: John Gallagher. What would

[907:47] Wennie: John Gallagher? Dallas?

[908:44] Georgian: No Jenkin is the producer. Yep. director, writer.

[910:14] Steve Brown: Yeah. He's the writer director. Yeah. He's also

[911:48] Wennie: been John Gallagher. He worked with him in Chicago.

[913:29] Georgian: Okay. And who is John Gardner?

[914:48] Kalel: He's the guy that came to help with your cameras from global awakening.

[916:19] Georgian: Oh, really?

[916:44] Kalel: Yeah, the younger.

[917:06] Georgian: Oh, my gosh. I reached out to him today. Thanks, Jim. When I didn't know that they know each other.

[920:10] Kalel: Yeah, even if they could give a five minute clip about what they're Yeah. Yeah, it's like a little snip or give us

[921:59] Karen: permission to use because he has all these clips out already. kolel. I mean, he literally tells the story over and over. In brilliant

[924:39] Kalel: light on a segment on movie makers in the kingdom, and we would love you exactly, or five minutes. So we could.

[926:37] Steve Brown: That's an awesome way to do influence. Yeah, yeah.

[927:48] Georgian: That's it. Democratic McCall knows quite a few people in that Hollywood. He knows a real prominent actor who is a trainer and stuff. And mentor and he introduced me to her actually, she was one of the speakers for for that prophetic conference that we were at kolel it for artists. I remember the lady she was a speaker. Hollywood actress and mentor now.

[937:30] Kalel: I forget. I forget. Yeah. One of the profits. Yeah, a I don't

[939:17] Georgian: know she did a workshop. Sweet gal, kind of really sweet personality shining. Anyways, Dan McCall. knows that some of these guys because he could suggest something else. But now that we know we're going after it that way? Do we have anybody in a business? Well, do you think we can get there'll be a dream but do you think we get Metaxa? Or shall we an idea? Again, he's

[948:55] Karen: more shift,

[949:19] Georgian: shift. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Yeah. The reason I thought about him this right now is because because he's starting a comedy club at night like night show. In New York City. I request Erica's I mean, this is going really quick. Maybe March or April there'll be kickoff and that his lawyer his attorney is a friend friend that I know David. The pastor down there. Go out we both hang out. Oh, that's his lawyer. That's his lawyer for New York's show. Night. Gotcha. David is attorney. David is pretty interesting.

[962:40] Kalel: He's good to shift to, if you ever wanted to.

[963:46] Georgian: Okay. Be nice to have a real business man that broke some glass ceiling of some sort for someone for the business is something very successful

[968:09] Kalel: will Pedro's good, but I'm

[968:47] Georgian: right. I mean, there's so much busy businesses so big, you know, like we in in area of, you know? Yeah. Big,

[972:51] Kalel: big business guy. But he he's not really a good speaker communicator. Bob cool. He's the guy that Sean Bowles does. ministry with because Sean, I believe that, you know, God was going to do revival in business. So he teamed up with this guy, Bob Hasson who owns like one of the top five painting companies in America, the companies that paint stadiums, and you know, like big jobs. So he's one of the top five guys and he has God stories of, you know, God speaking to him and certain ways to do business and IT working out and but, um, the, the way, he's learning how to communicate, he wasn't like a public speaker. So it's a little hard. He's He's learning he's getting better at it. But I think if we get Pedro that would be Oh, we

[987:53] Georgian: will for the challenge. But we should have him done one extra hour at the masterclass. We'll see if I can get two to two shots for me. Right. That's what we thinking. Yeah. Be nice to have 30 minutes for the ask. Yeah, and, you know, a pair paired with Friday. I'm putting Thursday let's say there's the Heidi and and Pedro's and who shall we? Tracy Who should we pair Tracy with somebody that

[997:48] Karen: might think out of the box again, like with the chosen guy? What about like Charity Water? That's influence.

[1000:50] Kalel: Huge. Yeah, remember Rob? Those the legends or brand Crider brand Crider. Remember Brant Giorgio. Oh, of course. He's connected with the top Charity Water. I forget his name. Oh, Scott Saracen. Yeah, he's friends with Scott.

[1007:16] Georgian: Yeah. Yeah, I could reach out to Scott directly as well. But Brent will be great. Brant will be great himself.

[1009:39] Steve Brown: Yeah. He's gonna bring we could bring both of them in together.

[1010:35] Georgian: Ah, that's a good idea.

[1011:35] Steve Brown: Bring them both in together. I mean, what are you thinking? 30 minutes? Yeah. Total for them?

[1013:07] Georgian: Oh, no, they're less 4040 minutes total. Okay, there they are. Yeah,

[1014:53] Kalel: they are good for the Masters class or the challenge.

[1016:07] Georgian: I'd say more more than master class because although we could get five minutes from the charity water and put it in a masterclass because, remember his video on my gosh, his his story how he started with a runaway kid from his parents and totally went wild and nightclubs and drugs and promiscuity. Yep, I was a fat to nominal movie. He made it like 10 minutes or something. So we could possibly show a bit of that. And because it's such a dramatic thing. And then we can have him in the master class. Kreuter as a little, little different story because he had to I don't think it is really compromises necessarily, but he had to abandon I don't know the pressure to be a CEO and in right now with the work going into so many companies, I don't know how he survived. I've never talked to him. Personally, I just text him I doing? He says, I'm doing better. You know, I mean, it's been through a struggle in the last two years with with high fashion industry. In I'm saying,

[1038:00] Kalel: yeah, he was friends with Carlin's to

[1039:05] Georgian: the right. Right. He went through browser shutdowns very difficult time for him last two years has been

[1041:24] Karen: okay another out of the box influencer situation I'm just trying to like pull out these things that we're not touching that to me scream influence out of the box and that would be if we had Lacey Sturm and her friends this from skillet they're they're really good friends I've seen skillet do great interviews they they do influence just like Brian head Welch you know that whole rock world that whole dark rock world they're Christian influencers so great

[1052:53] Speaker 0: charity Yeah

[1053:21] Steve Brown: John would be jumbled if you're talking about John right skillet

[1054:33] Karen: skillet, the husband and wife.

[1055:19] Steve Brown: Yeah, John. I think I think Lacey on that would be great. But that gives us to music. Sure, gonna do stuff.

[1057:42] Georgian: But again, that's a different music. It's not funny, and it's very good secular rap music that now Christians and

[1060:16] Steve Brown: that would give us a great theme for the day to be able to pull music as an influence on people because we're then broaching the worship and we're broaching the secular.

[1063:51] Wennie: Yeah, not only that the John Cooper. John Cooper has a podcast. He really stands for conservative points like because he's so influential in music, use that as leverage to get the year and just basically talk about everything. Biblical perspective. And he tackles things. John Cooper has an amazing podcast because it's colder bring him in with music, but he actually has a really influential voice. Yeah, just forgot.

[1071:29] Karen: Exactly when he and that's what I was thinking because I saw Eric Metaxas actually interview John and his wife and what I was gonna say it would be great for even the shift versus whatever because he's very us right wing

[1076:59] Georgian: so I go through Lacey and get him and her together both of them. So how we're gonna go, right? Yeah, that would work. Yeah. I got I got her.

[1080:35] Karen: I mean, you could ask Lacey for our thing. Or do it with do it with Lacey? I don't know. But he I would like you to watch like when he said some. Anyway, the thing I watched them is fantastic. And you should check out his podcast and everything. So you know what you're talking about.

[1086:05] Georgian: When he sent me one of his things, I could see it was killed things John Cooper. Okay. Charity waters is Scott. I'm just

[1089:45] Karen: checked his theological man, both him and his wife. You would really enjoy them, George.

[1091:22] Georgian: I think I've seen something. I believe there were an another conservative evangelical lady. Who was the either the Mamas and the Papas. Oh, no. No, no, no, she's great. She's wild. I like her a lot. But she's out there. But no, no. Who was one of the love song. Early Jesus music, his name he became solo artists out of that band, and became quite prominent himself. One of the love song people and that gal was that's her daddy. Oh, gee, you guys should know his name.

[1102:54] Karen: Are you talking about the one who's married to ball? China Phillips married to Baldwin?

[1104:15] Georgian: No, no, no. This is Evan Jellicle sharp podcaster video but her daddy is oh gosh. One of the love song principle members and can can take right now but anyways, she had she had John and his wife John Cooper and his wife on on her show and I saw him she did pretty sharp their disgust theology and being Christian and in a heart non Christian world that thing and yeah yeah, let's get good. Two out of the box like charity waters. Yeah,

[1116:31] Karen: we need out of the box. I can't repeat the same stuff again in my heart. I'm just going No.

[1118:17] Kalel: These are all good suggestions.

[1118:59] Karen: If we get one of them, it'd be good

[1119:54] Georgian: though We said chosen through John right. Through that guy John. Gallagher, maybe, Winnie Yes.

[1123:08] Kalel: Gallagher. Yeah.

[1123:57] Georgian: John Gallagher. Yeah. Okay. Gallagher chosen so this this will be one thing all we said with the finger of God guy together with

[1127:48] Karen: Darrell Wilson, Darrell

[1128:51] Kalel: and Darren there

[1130:11] Georgian: Well, son, okay, so that's one master glass skillet and Lacey Sturm another charity water. Scott in LA What was that company? Oh, fragrance company

[1134:27] Karen: if some moron he said everyone Yeah, I don't think he's allowed to say anything publicly. Yeah, I want to remember that he's not allowed to say anything public.

[1137:28] Georgian: Right? So yeah, exactly. Who can we match God with? Another he's in water supplying water wells everywhere. You know? I mean, we supplied probably doesn't water wells by now with Heidi and stuff. And in India.

[1144:06] Steve Brown: You want about Scott from the charity water? Uh huh. Yeah, we're gonna have run through that.

[1145:44] Georgian: But like, like Karen says, Brett might not be allowed to be on social media and the contract with his

[1147:38] Karen: contract is

[1147:53] Kalel: a Master's class, though on a private zoom. Ah, like Scott and Bran could do one of the masters class action classes. Yeah, talk about fine fashion, because he's a top executive Fashion Place. And brand could talk about. You don't have to couple them together. But they could be in the Masters class rather than the challenge.

[1154:58] Georgian: Direct, correct. For sure.

[1155:42] Karen: doesn't always need to be on the challenge, though. So that's why I was hoping to get some of these guys in the challenge.

[1158:01] Georgian: Well, possibly we can have a snippet from Scotts testimony for the challenge. And

[1159:54] Kalel: yeah, that's good.

[1160:19] Georgian: Okay, so so we have Thursday, Heidi small short video with Pedro doing the bigger part and asking, Friday we had Tracy right for the ask, Who can we pair Tracee? With one of those? Maybe Kathleen Rinaldo or

[1166:34] Kalel: Yeah, yeah. Yep. That's great.

[1168:55] Georgian: Oh, Laura, something I mean, wait a minute. Yeah. Well, okay, so, back to Steve's kind of, he expressed like a little confusion on what am I talking about? And if each day we match the biblical, some sort of biblical theme, with a current equivalent type or in that same vein, how do we how do we do? What do we do Tracy with and what do we do Pedro at Pedro maybes like Joseph kind of maybe.

[1179:42] Steve Brown: Pedro's definitely economy, isn't he? He's Yeah. Finances money.

[1180:50] Kalel: Business. Yeah. Yeah, entrepreneur. All that. Yeah.

[1182:25] Georgian: Yeah. Well, I mean, even Isaac is intrapreneur. Because the Lord told him to sow seeds and different sort of, like invest in a different market in different place, instead of Egypt and, and he became very, very wealthy, you know, because that God bless that harvest, especially investment scheme. And God bless this. So he's also intrapreneur Jacob is a huge intrapreneur he got all kinds of deals with with Les layman or somebody and was ripped up a few times, but then he expanded the exploding became very, very, very successful. Intrapreneurs we have several characters in the Bible, not just Joseph we have several intrapreneur Abraham self of course was very became very successful, very wealthy, you know. So.

[1197:49] Kalel: So Monday, Tuesday would be you guys right you and Winnie

[1199:18] Georgian: Monday or Wednesday, which when Monday will be You and Winnie. Yeah, I guess on

[1201:10] Kalel: Tuesday, I was thinking if we could do Stephanie Grotzinger because Wednesday's danno and Lillian, hi, yeah, Thursdays, Heidi and Pedro, and Fridays, Tracy and Katharine. So the week is pretty packed. And then

[1206:18] Steve Brown: like, Saturday, Sunday?

[1206:54] Kalel: Yeah. So those are less people. But still, you know, we could get some.

[1209:01] Steve Brown: Where did we where did we put Stephanie and Lacey and John?

[1210:10] Kalel: So they see we're, so these type of people, if they could give us like a five minute, little glimpse into what they're going to talk about in the Master's class. Yeah, then we could promote them as part of the challenge. But also, so as for, we could pre record them, right? pre recorded. This is what I'm going to talk about.

[1217:06] Wennie: And I think if they pre record, we kind of have to give them that model, like, have that language like, Hey, I would love for you guys to draw on Octopod. I'm going to talk about XYZ and we would love for you to join us because when we do just random clips, it's like, oh, cool. I heard this message. But what exactly, but they get like, type of like scripts, like just the same the beginning. I'm going to be teaching in that class my teaching on blah, blah, blah, I hope you can join us. Like they create the challenge people they greet Jordan and it's kind of personal, but it's still pre recorded, but it still packs a punch to where like, oh, I want to know more. I wanted to be here.

[1228:34] Georgian: Very good.

[1228:50] Karen: You could help with that winning. Yeah, please.

[1229:36] Wennie: Yeah, I don't mind. Yeah, it just helps connect. It just helps connect the challenge to the massive class. Although we may not see them fully teaching in the challenge. We know they're going to be in the master class. So I want to do the math class because I want to see people like Lacey and John in order to get SAP HANA, we're talking about different days or whatever, but people that I want to hear more for I know who are going to be in class are going to teach I want in on that. So

[1237:36] Georgian: very good. So we want to get together with you to to produce kind of those clips and how we asking them and then we can give that to Jackie? Bless. I could have it. Yeah. Awesome wedding. Love that input. I knew your goods for stuff like that when you when you when you did the emceeing in Baltimore and then New York. He got that gift. Yes, sure. That's so Tuesday we set more like the music staff. Rick, Steph is rogue I mean Rick is real good at doing a five minute thing that he's going to do more of in the master class he can really good if we can get Stephanie to this 30 minutes

[1254:26] Kalel: Julie Meyer would be good to another Esther. Yeah.

[1256:29] Steve Brown: Yeah, we should ask her to sing on

[1258:25] Georgian: they're on the other hand that that I like that too. Of course. Julie. Julie Maya but we could have Israel from Israel from Israel proctor to to do a Hebrew blessing and you know and he could like he has been doing that and he sent us a worship Live worship pre recorded and we play from Israel live on the very on the Wednesday because this poor him is hidden. You know, at that time in Israel by noon here Purim is in full you know festival is going so that's another thing so we got to make a choice between Julie so as to become a long very long dental Lillian, it might be too much. I mean, we just, maybe maybe it's maybe we didn't we mentioned danno for Saturday. And if it's soft, I could just do a soft announcement and ask and then introduce Lillian Look at that beautiful mixture of both Carla and kolel.

[1279:34] Karen: So cute.

[1280:15] Kalel: She likes looking at the faces. Yeah, really? Okay. Hey,

[1282:33] Georgian: what's going on with my face? Camera?

[1284:01] Karen: Yeah. hi def beauty.

[1285:20] Wennie: Hi there.

[1285:44] Kalel: She smiles.

[1286:19] Wennie: Yay

[1288:17] Karen: Oh my goodness. Super happy girl.

[1290:10] Georgian: Yes, Lord.

[1290:31] Kalel: So I think this is great that we met today because oh my gosh, a lot of info we could put together and then so what we're going to do is send a separate list to Jackie to invite for the following week for the rumble this shift thing.

[1295:00] Karen: Can I read that list because we didn't record in the beginning and I don't think she has it. So, Jackie, since we're going to do the shift version of Esther the following week from the challenge Georgians wish list of speakers the Steve Strang Sid Roth, Gordon Robertson, someone from from Flashpoint and like maybe Stephen Georgia can talk about that. Andrew Womack, possibly and Alveda King and I don't know if there's no others, but that was his desire.

[1305:29] Kalel: So um, so for the artwork, we're gonna do two separate two separate things. Yeah, yeah. I love whoever did the shift for this one. I thought that was really good. Thank you. Did you do that card? That was great. Thank you so I'll start working on artwork for the challenge and I'll send it to you guys to see what you guys think of it and then let me know if you need me to work on you know anything else? Obviously I'm going to be helping with the you know scheduling of the backstage pass and all that Yes. So I got to do anything for the shift no artwork, let me know. Great.

[1318:45] Steve Brown: Who you thinking of a backstage pass?

[1320:01] Kalel: Well, we we listed some people like Keith front a Ben Lim is always good, like people that really like moving the power. Oh, we forgot about a Miranda Nelson. Are we going to hover for the Masters class or the challenge?

[1324:32] Georgian: More than the master class I think or the master class. More like solid 30 minutes of cuz she's a good communicator and very sassy. Yeah, very prophetic.

[1327:23] Kalel: Edmund is good for backstage pass.

[1328:13] Georgian: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Who was that Peter throw?

[1329:53] Kalel: Tracy Armstrong is good.

[1330:15] Georgian: Yeah, he could stay Friday on transition into the masterclass I mean to the backstage right. BSD.

[1333:38] Wennie: Backstage yet. I bet you're free to be really good backstage, but she's really interactive. Previously, she

[1335:28] Kalel: said crazy.

[1336:38] Georgian: Yeah, when he is speaking with a little tiny microphone coming

[1337:47] Karen: in through like a pipe or something.

[1340:07] Georgian: Writing or what? Backstage Pass, Tracy. Okay.

[1342:22] Kalel: My suggestion was Ben Lim.

[1343:08] Georgian: Ben Lim very good and. And riches. Riches.

[1344:32] Kalel: Riches. Self filter.

[1346:13] Georgian: Yeah, very good. Hey, we said, we said influencers is preparing parents.

[1348:05] Kalel: Oh, silly. Said doll. You see the Masters he'll be for the Masters

[1349:20] Georgian: master class. He's more of a teacher. Okay. And he's not a huge draw. So master class will be perfect. As long as we promote the parenthood, supernatural parenting or something, you know. Back that's a big topic. Parent parenting parenting is very big. I've written for four master classes and we got total of 10. So we just got to keep keep working on it.

[1358:25] Karen: Hey, when you and Winnie do something, you can talk about some of your story about when you were first in Agave force, there were no children's Christian songs and productions and things and going out to evangelize children is actually what gave birth to the music machine and

[1364:50] Georgian: frogs and butterflies. Yeah, people per cup of that they get you did that and that's how we met. Exactly. And how we dated No. Yeah, you know when Yeah, we met through her doing that and aside, I'm gonna Wow, this lady's working with the poor kids in Santa Rosa. And bringing a little pizza and doughnuts for them and then doing little skits, converting Snow White into little Christian identity messages and that's what we say you guys need some songs original songs for you. And so we wrote the music machine in response to that. And then both rocks and butterflies

[1376:13] Karen: Yeah, you and Winnie co you did the music. She did the English part. Right?

[1377:43] Georgian: Yeah, she did the lyrics I did the music and and then

[1379:28] Karen: influence story influencing children so you can tie that in something they haven't heard from you guys before?

[1381:32] Georgian: Right? Yeah. Glad you bring it up. I'm putting here the music machine. I mean, we could Yeah.

[1384:49] Georgian: And people were raised by that. So at least 3 million records sold. So there's a lot of audience was raised and music machines and bullfrogs so the Tuesday Steph, hopefully and and some pre recorded of Rick Pina right. Yeah. Okay.

[1396:24] Steve Brown: So we've got most of the challenge done Now apart from the Saturday Sunday, right?

[1398:03] Georgian: Sunday is usually a party we do kind of thing then we. But Saturday could be Dan on I'm thinking instead of announcing on Wednesday, I could do the announcing but he'll be good at at getting really good at carrying the Saturday thing. So we could use somebody instead of Dan on on Wednesday. Julia, Jeremy Lillian, and yeah, we're gonna get oh, maybe maybe Israel will be our, our Mordecai. You know, the great Israel. Louie's ending up your steak diamond, the massive persecution and the city where he's at. He's in. Oh, gosh, just 30 minutes for Gaza. Yeah, I actually got our stat the city where the Ark brought massive hemorrhoids to the enemy. Remember? I love that story. And he is major hemorrhoids, to the religious city of the city is 100% Hasidic and very, very aggressive. And they attack his church all the time. He warned us. Hey, guys, when you walk out of the bus and come to my church, you're gonna face a whole bunch of Hasidic throwing curses at you don't mind them just, they're not gonna harm you physically just go right through them and just come in. And he's constantly being perceived. In fact, they bought the building next door to his rental place. And even though he owns it, they're not given him permission to use it. None. Just so they own it because they don't want him in the city to his major, major withstanding massive persecution, so he'll be really good for us on Wednesday. And William and Esther they're kind of she's not next set in Esther. She's simply anointed. What. Should we have it for that day?

[1435:41] Karen: She'll bring it she'll bring

[1436:01] Georgian: it she'll bring it on. Yeah, to stand up for Jesus and yeah. Okay, good enough for today right now. So we got the cart. We move the car move the cart.

[1440:27] Steve Brown: All right, look cold, Karen.

[1441:01] Karen: I have like really warm lambskin. Under my shirt, lambskin, everything lambskin.

[1444:17] Georgian: Actually, I'm shocked because usually you're sweating in that room there but it's extra cold.

[1446:48] Steve Brown: Okay, guys. All right, next one.

[1447:21] Georgian: Shall on.

[1447:52] Kalel: Alright guys, thank you so much.

[1448:18] Georgian: Thank you everybody. Bye.

[1449:06] Karen: Let's see guys. Hey, hey, wait. So tomorrow did Winnie Winnie and Steve did you guys connect? For Thursday? We want to do like a live rumble to test drive.

[1452:55] Steve Brown: Yeah. Did you see my notes today? We can do it out of stream yard.

[1453:52] Karen: Yeah, I did and I put them to Winnie so okay. And she has the login and she can get in so I just wanted her and you to communicate so that Thursday we could do a practice live? Sure. Are 222 22 thing is without a hitch.

[1458:50] Steve Brown: Yeah. When you just let me know when you want to do that. And well, I'll jump in to stream yard with you

[1460:17] Karen: in 60 seconds thing is what is that?

[1461:48] Steve Brown: Yeah, so how Brimble works is you have a you've got a 62nd placeholder video. So you go into rumble first, tell it that you're gonna do a live and then you upload the 62nd video. I mean, you can do that up to 24 hours in advance, and it just sits there then as the placeholder once the video is uploaded, the 62nd or less video is uploaded, then rumble will release the RTMP keys that we just enter into stream yard like Facebook and everybody else. And then when you want to go live, we hit live and it transmits.

[1472:58] Karen: So is that like a thumbnail video is just the thumbnail?

[1474:40] Steve Brown: Well, it's a it's a live motion. It's a video. It's a video thumbnail. So not just okay we need 50 seconds or something of some think before we go in but it needs to be video not a not a PNG. Okay. So let me know when you want to do that when and I'll jump in. Okay

[1482:35] Karen: awesome, guys. Thank you so much. Good luck, everybody. Bye, guys.

[1484:19] Steve Brown: Bye, everybody.

