September Copywriting Rewrites
Date: 2022-10-09T00:20:40.000Z
Duration: 136 min
Otter ID: p_1XcFOoyYfvkOt8WrQPlfMC7Ns
---

[0:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, let's go let's go live copywriting this is gonna be good this is gonna be

[4:29] Speaker 1: good Hello,

[6:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello. Hello everybody. Welcome welcome welcome welcome in here how are we doing? Hello Hello Hey, how we doing everybody? Good morning I had a little technical issues getting on here earlier so just a few minutes late thanks for your patience everybody

[18:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love seeing everybody in the group who's going through irresistible offers that sell again, if you haven't been through irresistible offers that sell. It's it's it's kind of the foundational course to for this whole program. Model Monica, what's some of the stuff that you got out of that course?

[25:29] Speaker 2: The question is, What didn't I get out? Of course, um, I got on day three, I believe it was so August 31. I got it, like clicked with me on what I want my days to be like when I teach, or me when I'm, when I'm doing my five day event. I got breakthrough. They're like clarity. And I realized that I actually have a lot more to give than what I thought. So I got that I got really what the the offer was, I feel like it just really brought home everything that I learned in the five day event with you. Yeah. I mean, step by step truly and just the definition. And if you're not i My encouragement is that if you guys still aren't getting things or if it's still not necessarily feeling tangible for you just going in that class.

[40:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And that that class is really the one that will kind of make it tangible. My classes are broken down into like, what's the task at hand that you're working on? The easy course Creation Blueprint classes specifically, like if you're like, I don't know how to make a course or teach anything. That's for that it's kind of optional. If you already know that your teacher and can make a course, transformational coaching is like I don't know how to coach people. That's about that. Social media ads is all about running ads, you don't even need to worry about that. So you have your offer ready. So it's like, you know, social media content creation, again, social media content comes secondary to your offers. And so the main the main courses in the program that are self study is irresistible offers and then virtual event playbook. Because those really break down creating that one strategic offer that's going to get your target customer and everything, everything, everything, everything, all of your training all of your courses. Your entire business hinged around making more offers to people. You know, you can you can sit around and overthink until you're you're overwhelmed and exhausted about what you should do. But until you start executing, learning through the courses is also only about 20% of it 80% of what you actually learn in this business comes by experience and by taking action and by actually doing the work not thinking about doing the work and that's a big part of of the difference between people that succeed. People that want to succeed and people that are overwhelmed and and stressed out. The other thing is is this is give yourself grace for the amount of time that you have each day to do work. You can build this business on less than five to 10 hours a week without staff without needing staff. The only reason that and I understand this that it would take you longer than that is because each task is taking way longer than it needs to or you're you're really adding a lot to it that is unnecessary because spending a bunch of time and writing and content and all of that none of that matters until you're making offers without offers putting a bunch of content out there and and and crafting the perfect members area even is doesn't matter. It doesn't if you've got no people to go through the perfect man Numbers area that's a waste of time. If there's no human beings that you're actually working with, that are going to do stuff with you. It's a waste of time. And yet, it's busy work that we get caught up in. And it becomes a great crutch for us to say, well, now I'm overwhelmed. And now it's too much work. And we've, you know, we, that's what separates people that succeed. And from those that don't, is they they allow it to become too big for them. That's the that's the real thing is we allow it to become too big for us in our minds. Instead of keeping it simple, keeping it very simple. Okay, so who is in here that has, this is specifically for copywriting. Today, we want to go over your copy, we want to look at the copy or we want to develop some copy, we want to work together and talk about writing, copy all of your offers hinge on your copy, and your messaging. So who wants to go first? With that? Emma Hi, Jeremy. How are you?

[100:13] Speaker 3: Great. Thank you. So I'm running my three day challenge next week. Awesome. And so I've been working on the sales page for the very cool. So if we can have a look at that, that will be great. Can I Can you send me a link to that? Now I'll pop it in you

[105:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. Yeah. The challenge the event, we're gonna pull this up right here. All right, first initial thing that I see here 12 week challenge starts this day. Is this the copy that I sent? You

[113:23] Speaker 3: know, gonna be we're looking at the that was for the three days. Okay, that was for the offer, and probably focused a bit too much on not needing to do any exercise, that sort of thing, because we're really more focused on the nutrition side of things. This is really good.

[120:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I actually really like it a lot. It reads really well. What parts? Are you not? confident and it flows? Well. I like it.

[123:11] Speaker 3: Kind of feeling that it looks an awful lot better than anything we've had before. So it's just having the reassurance that

[125:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, so this is this is the 12 week program that you're pitching the upsell.

[127:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then where's your free offer?

[128:31] Speaker 3: Change the 12 week there to three capital D D per day challenge with a capital C. Okay,

[135:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so tell me how, because what I'm looking at here, okay. This is good. Here's the immediate question that I would ask How is this any different from this? And I'm not saying from your perspective, I'm saying from the prospects perspective, because to me, they look very similar. And so why would I even want to join you for 12 weeks? If it's the same thing I just spent three days doing? So that's what goes through people's heads is they is they they think, well, they look the same. So how is it any different? What am I going to get more on this? That you didn't give me on this?

[149:33] Speaker 3: And maybe that's coming further down the page. So

[150:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, but

[150:43] Speaker 3: But yeah, but then.

[151:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I totally understand that that probably is coming further down the page. But your prospects don't think that way. They're very, like, split second. Not going to think that way. Yeah. As you walk them through the page. That's great. But a lot of this top part is very similar, similar to your challenge, okay. And so that's why like right here What if you had us coaching you in your corner every day? You could actually put further Let's hop here. Yep. Okay. Because now it's showing it's demonstrating that it's different. Also joining us for 12 weeks to transform your life together. group coaching session. Okay, so you're so again, you're walking people through this for three days, and this is the this is an important distinction that you want is that you want your challenge to be a direct shot to whatever you're offering. But you don't want them to look like they're the exact same thing. Okay? Because otherwise, people are going to say, well, I, I'm good, I went through three days with you, I don't, I don't think 12 weeks is going to be worth it.

[172:53] Speaker 3: So even that header of, you know, get your sparkle and body confidence back. We kind of used it in both, so it'd be better just to change it to something different for the 12 week. And that first line there?

[176:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you're already you're already promising this on this one. Yeah. And this copy is good right here. Do you have signups for it?

[179:30] Speaker 3: There's 250 or so an email? Well, there's only about 150 into the Facebook group so far.

[181:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so that's normal. You're only gonna get that's great, though, that's a really good numbers right there. Um, so that shows that your offer that that that at least hit home with that group of people. So it shows that the offer is in alignment. So that's really good feedback. And the fact that 75% of them are in the group, I rarely ever get 20, more than 50% to join the Facebook group for these challenges. So the fact that you're over 50% is really good. In the Facebook group, because the other 25% they just signed up, and then they're like, Man, I really want to do it.

[191:36] Speaker 3: I think some of them have come in through Instagram, and don't do Facebook and whatever. So

[192:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so this, so this is great. What I what I think what we really want to dial in is is, is answering that question of how are these two different from each other? What what is the coaching that they're going to get? What is that result? What is your process? What does your process look like for those 12 weeks, and I think breaking down the process a little bit is what's missing from this,

[199:52] Speaker 3: okay. And so it's really when they ladies who come into our group goes through a 12 week program in an app. And they get little daily video every day. It's just like five minutes. And then they're also going to get group coaching, which is going to be a zoom call once a week on that Max to One to One via messaging, which is kind of voice messaging and text message.

[206:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you done this type of thing before with a group for 12 weeks before?

[206:54] Speaker 3: Yes. Okay.

[207:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what is the result that most of those people get out of it?

[209:18] Speaker 3: But the result is really getting away from thinking about it all the time shaping up, but getting their energy back. Okay, I think that's one of the biggest things getting their energy back. Released so that they can start doing the things in the life that they want to do. It's pretty much the over 40 brackets. So a lot of women going through menopause, that sort of thing. Just find that they're feeling less stressed. Yeah.

[218:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna pull up two different offers here from one of my other clients. So here is the free offer. Sexy, bold, stress free without starving yourself wasting hours. So that's the free offer right here. Yeah, similar to your chat. But this is what she directs people to that, that, hey, whether it's one on one or group, it's fine. Living your life to the fullest no matter what is no matter is no longer something to be ashamed of. You can have your cake and eat it too. It's time to take your health back and no longer experience the embarrassing symptoms of menopause anymore. Your best years are in front of you, shares her story, shares who she worked with, and then it goes through her process. Yeah. And then there's there's also bonuses on this as well. One thing that I also see that is missing just from this is this is great. I would have do you have some limited? Yeah. See, you have a lot of your process all down here. I would just

[235:43] Speaker 3: bring it up. Yeah, I

[236:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: would. I would. I would condense this part right here. Okay, maybe like a few paragraphs, like three paragraphs and then go into the process. Okay. Because you are He sold them on all this.

[240:34] Speaker 3: Yeah. Okay for three days.

[241:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now it's time for them to answer that question of like, you know, your landing page can even start right here. If you had us coaching with you join us for this program, what they get clients stories, and then I love like, okay now you're actually telling me like, how this is gonna work. This is super cool. Okay. So I think that that's that that right there is your copy is actually really exceptional. I'm just under skimming it, but it's it's really good.

[251:34] Speaker 3: It's had a few revamps.

[252:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's really good. It's really good copy. I like this right here. And I maybe would move this further up the page.

[254:30] Speaker 3: Okay. So I suppose because they'll know us after the three days. Yes. And the better VITAS community come further down because the

[256:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: whole Yeah, move this section about you guys further down. What if you had coaching to help you every step of the way? And then you could actually have this section right here, get in shape and have great energy in the place where your bio is? Yeah. Okay. And then go into how it's a 12 week program. Testimonies what they get all that? And you can have the bit about you. Down here, okay, it's gonna flip. He's kind of flip this section in the bit about you. Yep. And shorten up, but I like this. What if you had our coaching? And then I like this right here that you build it this program is for those that are serious, our promise to you just even just sharing this part right here? Yeah, I'm putting it right under here. Okay. So really, that's just a few tweaks that you can make, and those will have tremendous influence on how well your page does. Great. Yeah.

[274:17] Speaker 3: Yes. Thank you very much. Indeed.

[274:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Yeah. I mean, your your, your copy was as is actually really good. So we don't really need to go over that. I think your copy is excellent. If you have a different offer. We could go over that together. Not yet. Nope. Great job. Okay, thank you. All right. Um, I think who is next Dana. All right, Dana. I can't access your file because it is not accessible. Oh,

[284:33] Speaker 4: shoot. Okay, I thought she made it accessible.

[286:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's okay. You can go, you can go in there and change the accessibility or I can request to see it real quick. And you'll get an email where you can I think approve. Okay, yet.

[289:32] Speaker 4: Okay, that'll be cool. Um, those are the things I'm still learning Madeline's helping with that. She's from your mom's group. And I hired her. Yeah, I was I was even like, how do I send this to Jeremy? Ah, so it's still pretty much in the beginning stages. And I'll open my email on my phone. So I make sure I,

[294:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is it?

[295:28] Speaker 4: This is going this is my six week virtual group that I'm going to start I also I plan on and I'm still working things out in my mind, she and I've had some conversations, it's something I want to do in an ongoing on an on an ongoing basis. So I'd have it for six weeks, maybe have a week or two off and then have it for another six weeks, and keep keep moving people along. Self Defense is my thing. However, I'm looking at as holistic self defense, right? Similar ama there will be nutrition in there. That's not my only thing, movement, whole by mindset of starting off with mindset, mindset movement, the holistic self defense is looking at much more than just the movements of you know, how do I throw a palm strike or a hammer fist? Yeah. It's how do we live our life by that we defend our sleep? Defend boundaries with people? It's

[310:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. I love that.

[311:39] Speaker 4: Thanks. So

[312:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that right there is is is is a great idea. How did you come up with that concept?

[313:59] Speaker 4: It's something that I've learned from a mentor, Tony Blauer. He talks a lot about holistic self defense. And it's something that I always did with training people, you know, it was like, I can't just train people. It's just to do here's how you do a squat. Like I can't talk just about that without talking about nutrition and how much are you sleeping and everything because because we're much more complex than just Yes You have to do squats and lunges? You absolutely wait.

[321:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, absolutely. Which by the way, I'll share that even for those if you're building this business, you have to get enough sleep and eat right, if you want to be able to, to actually build a business like you, you you have to treat your your your mind and your body, like an athlete would. Even if you're sitting at a computer, I still I have to make sure that I'm eating, that I'm working out that I'm moving my body that I'm eating foods that allow my brain to work, otherwise, I will be fatigued, I will be drained. I will and my goal with how I eat has nothing to do with physical appearance either. I know especially a lot of people associate, okay, if we're talking about diet and all that it's all about physical appearance, that if you look good that people will buy from you know, there's a there's a small part of that. But it's not as relevant as as you think if you have good copy, it doesn't really matter how you look. And I've seen so many people that like that, I've seen so much proof of that fact, that copy. It goes in place of how somebody looks and appearance wise, but there's no substitute for your brain being in alignment. And you actually treating your body with self love and self respect, to fuel it with the best fuel and to take care of it. Because then you you can think clearly, when it comes to building your business when it comes to writing. Even a lot of self doubt. You'll notice like if if I have a big like salad with some chicken and some some veggies in it, versus having Chick fil A, literally my self confidence to teach people changes my self confidence to write copy changes. And it's really it's the chemicals that go through our body, and what is in what we eat. And so that's why you won't you won't ever hear there's a lot of great health coaches that are in here. If you want to focus on your your, your body and your eating and stuff, go work with one of them, you're not going to hear me really doing any health coaching in here. But I encourage you to at least not make it be an afterthought. I've made it an afterthought for too long. And I noticed that my business started growing by not making my health an afterthought. That's a little little bonus there. One thing I was asking you, Dana was when we talked last you had two different ideas about what you wanted to do with self defense. What brought you to this new idea that you have right now I know that you said that you you learned it the holistic self defense but what what brought you from the place of okay, this is what I do is in person self defense to the point of, okay, now we actually have an offer that I think you can use that you can attract people with, it's going to be a lot more effective for you what what got you into that place?

[371:58] Speaker 4: A couple of things, it has been in the back of my mind for a while because I like to travel and spend time in Mammoth. So I can do this while I'm traveling. And then really what what you said, when you said I don't know, a few weeks ago, you're like, there's a lot more money to be made in the virtual space. And this is where I'm going and Tony and Dean grazioso talk and I'm like, okay, Jeremy, I'm like, Okay, I go, I need to go towards that. Like, yeah, like,

[379:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is a lot more money to be made in the virtual space. And we can either we can either whine and cry and complain about it and wish the world was different. Or we can capitalize on it. And those are really the choices that we have to make. I have

[382:23] Speaker 4: more people I can reach and serve people.

[383:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a client that they I've worked with them for a while, but every time I talk to them, it's 30 minutes of just how they hate the fact that everything's virtual, and that we're not in 2018 where everything is in person anymore and they're they're living in their nostalgia of what they want the world to go back to being and and that I know for a fact that that I literally have to like help them realize like as part of my coaching like and they're actually very successful they actually make a couple 100,000 a month with their coaching, but they the but they want to go back to in person and every time they go back to in person they it just it flops and they they get frustrated because they're like okay, we're gonna try an in person thing again. And it flops again and muddy, but they can get 10s of 1000s of people virtual the register with them. And I just have to explain to them I'm like the world is different. It really is. Is it better because of that? No, I think in person is Better than virtual. Personally I do. I think everybody feels that way. But from a business and a profit standpoint, virtual is where where profits are coming from, especially in the coaching, mentorship space. Especially.

[405:04] Speaker 4: Yeah. Makes it makes total sense. And yeah, I love the energy of being in person,

[406:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I got your page up here. Okay. So let's,

[407:37] Speaker 4: we still share some pictures on it.

[409:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's okay. Ready to completely transform your mind and body and six

[414:38] Speaker 4: you think having the word badass is okay. Are people gonna get offended?

[415:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think no. Well, that's always the here's, here's my question. Is your, your paying client going to get offended by that? No. Okay, perfect. You, you actually want to that that's a great way to repel. Like the word savage right here. Okay, out ass is gonna be very helpful for you to repelling the wrong type of customer. Because the I mean, the truth is the type of stuff that you're you're teaching is not for somebody that just wants to go do a bar class. And, like, you know, learn. Yeah, she loves the attention every time I'm on camera. You just she needs to be held. So

[430:53] Speaker 4: she's like, Oh, paparazzi is here. Yeah.

[431:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think that that's, that's really good. This like a little bit? You can but you'll need my help. I think I would reframe that too. I'd love to show you, I'd love to, I'd love to help you. And show you how this is possible. Okay. reframe it to that, because this turns me off just a little bit. This will turn off the the person who's not your target customer, but I think it's great. Okay. You got the word warrior, badass and savage in there. So it's gonna be quite a segment of the market that is not going to buy from you anyways. So that's awesome. That's actually like really wise to do that. Okay, cool. What I'm even looking in my own offers just as an example. Um, I've been I was leaving a lot of my offers, like make 10 to 35k a month, I'm actually probably going to lead with make 20 to 30k a month, and not even touch the 10k. Part. Because I want people to realize that there's a higher level. And if they can't imagine 20,000, I don't think that they would join my program, and focus on getting clients and creating their perfect offer versus just increasing income. And so like, I'm starting to craft some of my copy. I even did that in some of my ads this morning. Um, I've already seen my ads for this event, the costs coming down, and I'm getting more VIPs simply by framing it in that direction. And so that's why the copy is so key is that when you really speak to who the target customer is, and try to repel the ones that are not. It's helpful. All right, let's go into this. My six weeks. So this is your six week program. What's your What are you leading into with them with this? What's the initial first meeting or have you not created that offer yet?

[466:48] Speaker 4: I have, I have brainstorms on that the first meeting is mindset. Like how you talked about once, once a week is what I'm looking at once a week zoom call, I'm going to attach coaching to it. How you said so I'm envisioning that we meet we meet once a week for

[472:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: now. Now, I will say this, when you start running this on the ads, you're gonna get a lot of hate comments. A ton of them. Really? Yeah, you will. But they're from people that would never sign up with you. Yeah, they're just offended by the fact that you would even market something like this. rarely use that type of language. Yeah. Wow. I wouldn't worry about that. I wouldn't really worry about that because they won't be Your

[480:00] Speaker 4: customer. Right. Okay, thanks for the warning,

[480:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: ya know, you're gonna get a ton of, because what I'm seeing is I think your your free event should lead with some even some of this right here, okay, like, you know go from the warrior warrior transformation challenge, or the bat like the badass warrior transformation go from average to savage like that and like even just that language for your free event, I think would be really cool pulling some of that in there, I love it, okay, because that's gonna help you make sure that you're talking to the right person from day one. In your free event, if you focus on mindset, you're going to attract the wrong person. You're going to Yeah, if you're focusing on mindset for your free event, you're gonna attract the wrong person. Okay, because there there does a wide range of mindset. And so you could put in there develop a warrior mind, we're going to walk you through how to do this, and strategies to feel more confident. Like your warrior goddess self, your, your badass self, that you were born to be. And so like, literally, using that language as your free offer, you put the mindset as the secondary part of it, but you really want to lead with again, what some of what you have here is okay, because otherwise you're going to pull in, if you lead with mindset, you're going to pull in about 90% of people that that need to go see a therapist. Okay, and and they're especially not, so that they're not gonna buy your offer. Um, you want to really focus on that, like, something that's a lot closer to what your final offer is. So, so that's one major thing that I put on there. Um, okay, six week program, from tidal waves of complete transformation, starting small I would bold this, I can't edit it. But that line right there. Um, I just built a page very similar to this yesterday from my mom. A similar flow. It's a it's a new page for her stocks group. A simple easy to understand process for financial wealth creation so that you can focus on making real money even if you don't have a lot of extra time or just starting out near the stocks and crypto Academy is the first of its kind FGC, I just came up with that financial growth community of like minded people who are growing every day to change their financial future together. And for those of you that are in that group, you know, like this is this is accurate. It is.

[529:45] Speaker 4: Yeah. And so.

[530:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so we, I just put this together like this. We got some testimonies what they get, it's just a complete, like recreation of the old page was this one right here. So we just I rewrote it. And we we made it a little sexier, based off of the data that we've gathered from so many students and so tomorrow, she's running the live wealth wisdom, boot camp. But we make sure that the word stock market is still in the offer. Like, like, we don't want people to like we're not going to tell you how to create wealth, you want to make it very clear to people that it's a stock market offer. And so this talks about their problem, their pain, their frustration. By the way, these testimonies right here for the free offer, are the exact same ones on the paid page, but what I did was I reversed the order that they're all in so it looks like a completely different set of testimonies. I put in the top the bottom on on the top, and went from bottom up instead of top down. So that's a strategy to do instead of having to like find more testimonies, right with the same ones on the two pages and just reverse the order that they go in. Okay. Okay, so the reason I'm showing you this is very similarly your page is for your offer will be kind of like that. You want to definitely have some imagery of like, what you're going to show the Krav Maga Trent training you I put this in kind of its own little section right there. But I actually I think it's great. Okay. Ah, This part

[561:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, that part's a little, I think we can reword that a little bit. Okay. So you can put this is your permission to invest in you to transform your life, I promise you won't regret it. And instead of like, I want to invite him I invite you like, it's kind of get to the point a little quicker. Okay? When it comes to copy, that's a, that's like a rule of thumb get to the point a little quicker. Okay? If you can say the same thing and last words, and it's not confusing, it's even better. Okay. And so what I look at when I'm when I'm observing, you might you guys might be like, Okay, what is what is Jeremiah looking at? When I look at Emma's page, and when I look at Dana's copy, what I look at is are there any sections of this if I'm skimming it, because by the way, most of your your prospects are going to skim. And so whatever you build is what they're probably going to read. And then they're going to speed read the rest of it. Okay? So you look at like on this page right here, what's bolded it's time for a better way to learn to the stock market. That's why I built this to help you become a world class trainer. Finally, a proven strategic strategy from someone with real integrity that you can follow and get started on right away. Which is, you know, this is designed to be beginner friendly. Some people will get very wealthy others will miss out so Oh, I doubled the copyright there. I just found a mistake. Am I I need to fix that. Don't do that happen? Oh, no. Oh, yep, that happened last time, I made her a page to double that. Interesting. Well, you sit on the sidelines are where you cash in on it and change your family's future forever. And really, we're showing that there's, during the next two to six years is really an opportunity to make money, there's going to be more volatility in the markets during a time whether it's up or down the next two to five years, it's a great time to make money in the stock market. Really pointing to that, and really, it's based on the political landscape, it's like, who gets an office in the next two years, and then after that is going to trickle into the floor after that. So that's why the next six years is going to be a really incredible opportunity around the stock market. And that's what we're, we're leading with on that. So that's why you want to in your copy, whatever you build is going to be sometimes by the way, when I look at copy, I'll come back to it and then I'll look away from it. I would remove this line right here.

[609:57] Speaker 4: Remove it, okay.

[610:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because what it is, is you're seeding doubt in their mind okay. Because all that people see is they don't say they don't read it this way their brain is telling them Oh, this is just another gym membership. Oh, okay. So subconsciously when when you put that there like it's not like that it actually seeds that doubt into people's minds. Oh interest, there's a way that you can frame it differently than I do here

[619:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that might work for you

[621:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is the only complete training of its kind most people only go into a little bit of info to get you excited enough to join their coaching program. This is where I'm tearing the lid off you'll be able to learn in five days. So right here I'm I'm saying that way but I'm doing it from a positive of like this is unlike anything else that you've ever seen before. This is this is this is finally an opportunity for you to reach your goals. So I would lead with that not instead of purchasing another membership you'll never use right because that is like a negative weave. So we want to make sure we will be aware of okay, not leading with that.

[631:52] Speaker 4: It's really interesting that you put it that way because I was talking with one of my friends we had an hour and a half phone call the other night before I gave Medellin some of these changes and she did a lot of marketing. And she said she's like I don't see people doing what you're doing like with it with it. All right. Yeah. Totally. Okay.

[636:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So lead with what how you're different, not what they don't like,

[638:39] Speaker 4: okay. Okay. Okay.

[639:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what's cool is What I love is like even when we do more of these each, each month more of these copywriting things you're gonna everybody's gonna end up learning their copy and learning how to do copy a lot better. The other thing is, is this line right here can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Do you that's okay. Yeah, those tweaks, that's what I would that's what I would make. Okay.

[647:55] Speaker 4: And then of course, pictures and am I doing it backwards in that? I haven't started my free outlines slash offer yet. I'm doing the paid one

[651:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: first. It's okay. Do whichever one that you feel comfortable doing for Okay.

[652:40] Speaker 4: Okay. Okay, and do you think a three day is more ideal than say like a two hour boot camp like your mom's doing tomorrow?

[656:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, okay, so here's, here's, we're doing some research around that. The reason my mom's do our boot camp is so effective is because she is freaking baller at sales. And can close people in two hours, okay? I don't even feel confident enough to do a two hour to get people into my program personally. And so what I use it for is I did a two hour about finding your niche. But I'm leading people to my five day from it. And then I gave people an opportunity, we saw excellent, I'm like, I'm actually finding a new model of actually running some of these challenges a little bit. And we're even seeing the same thing with Rick pinos challenges. And Joshua's is running these webinars in tandem with your multi day. And you and when you run a couple of them, they're just running the recordings of the webinar. So you have an evergreen webinar that's pushing people to your monthly challenge. And you give people the opportunity using something like deadline funnel to save 50% off on the VIP upgrade. So they make that decision to upgrade to the VIP on your webinars. So the only call to action you have is like a $27 call to action on your one hour or two hour webinar. And I got like 50 people sign up for the VIP off of that off of my two hour webinar on Saturday. And so that was incredible, because that paid for all the advertising I did for that webinar. And those are highly qualified people that upgraded to that VIP. And so that's the same that's what that's what I'm saying is if you run a single webinar, I would point them to your three day and really encourage them to upgrade to VIP make it a sales pitch for your VIP

[685:34] Speaker 4: and the VIP you usually do how you did it with your five day how you did the

[686:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: why I usually throw in a few bonus classes and then have q&a. Okay, cool. Thank you definitely all right. I know Monica you raise your hand about coffee so let's go over this for those that are like how long are we going to do this for? I was planning on being on here for two hours so

[692:08] Speaker 2: oh sweet I have the name of mine mine's not completely done I hit some hiccups like I didn't get out or anything actually have some of it rain but well

[694:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the thing is we can even rapid fire through Jasper with some people to just go through some of that okay, if it comes up with just for ideas what was the name of it though?

[697:15] Speaker 2: The name that I just kind of I'm toying with right now is skin you can feel confident in and then parentheses like whether you were makeup or not. And then I'm still liking like the headline like is skincare the new makeup?

[701:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's really cool. So or is it is a something skincare you can even say instead of asking the question The truth is, dialing in your skincare regimen is actually better than makeup.

[707:17] Speaker 2: Oh absolutely and elevate so if you take care of your skin, whether you are not good at makeup or whatever, it will automatically elevate your makeup game. What you just

[710:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: said is copy. You just wrote your copy. You just said it. Yeah,

[711:26] Speaker 2: but can we pop it into Jasper?

[712:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. I don't have what you just said me.

[713:35] Speaker 2: Well, actually that's valid. Um, but yeah, you

[714:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: just said is literally you asked that question you say it's better. And then literally how you answered it is how I would write it on your page. Okay. That's, that's what's really cool. I write copy. That way. I walk around my room or I will go Go for a walk around the block. And I will speak a lot of my headlines out.

[721:48] Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, I write mine down, I have a photographic memory. So I write mine down. And this is something that I've written down before. Because it kills me. Like, it literally kills me as a professional, but as a person when I hear like women say, like, I'm not good at makeup, or I suck at makeup, and that kind of thing. And that's been like, over 14 years of my career. So um, I know copy right there. Yeah. And I know that it's not that they suck at it, it's that they haven't done it and or they are, their skin is not in the right place to have that makeup like set, right? Or yeah, you know what I mean? So

[732:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally. Like, all of that is kind of what you go into at least your two lines of copy what you just shared. And you say I'm so excited to work with you and show you the better way of of taking care of your skin.

[735:55] Speaker 2: Oh, and I am trust. I really am.

[737:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cami just said love the skin. You're in I love. That's great.

[738:00] Speaker 2: That one's cute. Absolutely love the skin. You're in love the skin. You're in it. Yeah, absolutely. I think that's

[739:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting. Tammy, we ended up getting ideas for other people's copy faster than we do our own stuff.

[741:23] Speaker 2: Yeah, no, yeah, no, for sure. And that was one of the things when you asked me about irresistible offers. And that class and everything is that I realized, you know that going through that course. And these courses in this time with you, I've realized that I really do know so much. And so I had to like pause and ask myself and I said, What am I afraid of? And this isn't the first time I've asked that. But this has been the first time that I've actually been able to answer it. I literally powerful. Yeah, I have the same fears that I've always had. But I realized like in some of my fears, just to share is I'm afraid that I'm not going to be enough. I'm afraid if we're getting right down to it. I'm afraid I'm not going to be enough. I'm afraid that people won't like me. And that they'll say that I don't deliver enough value. And I'm terrified of rejection. But I've had the same fears my whole life. And so now I'm coming to this full head on like crashing moment. Yeah. Where I'm realizing that I'm at this place in my life. Because I used to have I mean, I've had those same fears. And I've done everything that I've done. Despite them, I look at them. I'm like, doing it anyway. But now we as of recently I've been I've hit this sticking point of Yeah, I'm at a different place in my life where I've been very sick. And so now my brain is trying to tell me that it's trying to tell me that we can't take another hit. And so it's so I'm like peeling back like you mean in a very short amount of time with you. I've been training with your mama for so long. And it transformed me. But now I'm peeling back and I've looked at like, Oh, my brain is literally trying to keep me safe. Like I'm like it's taking longer for me to write copy. It's taking longer for me to like, even like I was dissociating off of the questions you were asking when what are your clients afraid of? I know all of those answers, but I was refusing to sit down. And even getting lightheaded and everything of actually answering those questions and I know them, I know them like the back. I know my people. So that class for me personally, and this is gonna be different for everybody. But for me, it really just cracked that little bit where I was allowed to gate I gained clarity through it. And now I know that I can look at that and I need to do what I was doing before which is just bust right through it because I can so

[781:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's something I will say you are enough you are good enough and anything that you put out there is enough. Anything that you launch is enough. Yeah, and good enough. And I think that that's one of the biggest things is that especially the people that are in this program, um Yeah, you might tweak it, add some things later, stuff like that. That's part of growing, that's part of the process. That doesn't mean that your first version wasn't good enough. But we go through life and we want to have this spirit of excellence but we end up missing well impacting people because we're trying to get to validate ourselves. And so I think I think that you're incredible and amazing and that the people that you impact are going to be so blessed by this your girls that you work with say that to you all the time and so the ones that you're going to attract online are going to be the same. Now on the internet, you're gonna attract some rude mean The angry grumpy people, but they're not going to do business with you. They're not going to be the ones that actually buy your stuff.

[801:45] Speaker 2: And I think you teaching that really had it was a it's been a soundboard.

[803:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So I've never had anybody who actually buys my stuff. Come at me the way that people that are that have never spent a dime with me Come at me. So it's like, I don't respect I literally actually don't have respect for their opinion. Yeah, because they have never worked with me before. Yeah. And in my career, I respect them as a human being. And that's about where it stops. Like, they have their opinion, I respect that they're entitled to their opinion, right? But it doesn't, I have zero, like, I'm not even going to consider what they say,

[812:50] Speaker 2: ya know, for sure, I've only I've been really blessed with my clients. And I think it's because of holding, like, kind of like what you do holding to your boundaries in your space. And really going forward because I've been so my clients there, they become my friends afterwards. Like, like, I've only had one, just one. One person, that was a little bit of a nightmare. And it was a fluke. But it really was, it was one of the things that just happened and I learned God literally was a book. And I was like, Thank God, I have a contract. Thank God this thing is a person situation. So it was like, so yeah, but um, yeah, so I'm going to be typing out all my copy, I'm gonna pull up a copy that you have for me last time, and forgive me for getting so emotional just been I've been doing this now. And I'm gonna literally build my landing page today and everything. So

[828:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to hear this from me. I had to write that copy from my mom's page, and build it out and all that. And I got very emotional for about six hours, the same morning of it, and literally couldn't think straight. Like that, because I was going through something in my life that again, I don't want to share with everybody what it was, but we were dealing with issues. And we have family in our house. And, and it was great because I was able to talk with my therapist and kind of just share with her I'm like, this happened. And I completely, like I haven't seen that side of me pop up in over two years. And I don't know why that happened. I started actually I'll share a little bit about it, I started going into some very deep self hatred. Like, like not liking myself. And, and it it's a it's a pattern that I used to struggle with a lot. When I would drink and party and all that. And I had this past weekend I, we had a birthday party and I ate a lot of sugar. And it triggered the same way because sugar alcohol, very similar and ended up going back into that. And so I'm aware of that. That's why the next day I ate really healthy. And it pulled me out of that. And I talked to my therapist about it. And we found the root of what got me there of why I got there. Strangely enough, the root of what actually got me there had to do with some of these challenges and these five day events that I'm doing and some of the comments that I've been reading on social media and things like that, I started believing some of the things that people were saying, No, my mom even pointed it out to me, her and I had a talk. I had a social media post that I made. And she's like, I don't think I would put that out there. She told me, she's like, because you're gonna start believing what you said by repeating what these people have said to you. And, and so like learning to guard your mind. Having healthy people around you that you can talk about this stuff with is really helpful. And now I feel better today than then I did on Tuesday. Walking through that, but we all have ups and downs, highs and lows to say that we that we don't like that's not human. But what you do is you can find by having tools, the right community, you can find ways to have less of those for me, years ago, self hatred was about 50 to 75% of my week. When I worked for my mom, a lot of people don't know that. I would go home and just and it wasn't it was just I was dealing with stuff. I was dealing with stuff constantly. And I didn't know how to break free from it. And just let Like, I'm thankful that the way the way that I manifest, quote unquote, self hatred as I start repeating the words that other people say about me over myself, and taking it on as an identity. And so well, they thought that about me, so it must be true type thing. Yeah. Which is why I really like can't let what other people think about me affect me at all, because I will I will go into that direction too quickly.

[889:08] Speaker 2: Well, it definitely serves us because you teach that. And so it's like I said, it's a it's definitely a soundboard. You know, I hit my sticking point, because like I said, I've been very sick since last year. And it's snowballed, and it's getting worse. And I have seizures. So now I got into this mindset along the way that I couldn't even build online because I'm not. I'm not healthy enough to take. It's too much of a risk in person clients. I got into this belief and this mindset that I am too sick to

[898:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to take care of yourself.

[898:43] Speaker 2: Yeah, but at the same time, I'm in a very unique situation. So at this point in time, we need me to come back, I need back. And my mom

[901:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: built her her business, though. While she was sick,

[902:26] Speaker 2: I know, in bed.

[903:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And she just learned to ask for help. That was the biggest thing because she was the biggest I need to do it all myself person. Yep. And she was forced to ask for help. For what, that's why I'm here. That is, what I mean is like, help with her website, help with her videos help with her content output. And so the the only way that she actually has a business, like I talked about, okay, you can build your business as a solopreneur. Five to 10 hours a week. Yeah, right. There comes a point, though, where it is actually important to have other people do the work for you. When it's profitable. Yeah, so and, and before it's profitable, you can find people, friends and family to help you with stuff too. So

[915:44] Speaker 2: yeah, working on that right now. So but yeah, great job. Thank you very much for everything.

[917:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else want to go over their copy? Tammy,

[918:56] Speaker 1: Jeremiah, I did a page the other day and it was. But actually two questions it with the stuff that you sent me from Jasper before? Is there a way I can just upload it back into Jasper,

[923:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: they just copy and paste it?

[924:01] Speaker 1: Okay, perfect. And then I have

[925:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: a jasper can only read back as far as like. Like 800 words. Okay. So that's why I use the command summarize the above. And I'll run that a couple times. And then I'll have Jasper based off of a summary of like, multiple summaries. So if I have 5000 words, I'll do summarize the above for this segment, then this segment of the text and this segment in this and then I'll summarize all those summaries twice. And then I have Jasper based off of that. So summarize the summaries. Yep, I'll show you how to do that here. Right now. This is one of the top techniques that I use actually to write a lot of our copy for our for our clients is so like, Oops, I have two other people in my in Jasper account

[944:19] Speaker 1: it Oh, cool. You haven't stuck. Thank

[946:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, what I would do is I will take this and I'll go summarize the above. And that's not what you talked about at all. So that's because Jasper is a smart and a stupid robots.

[953:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so now that's summarizing that so then I just kind of scroll up and just I just delete an arbitrary amount of words. Summarize the above it usually will go. I've done this enough. Now that that's about how many words that it can read past and up. So then we'll go up the list again. The above

[961:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is also how I turn a podcast and the blog posts. Because I'll take the entire transcript, and just run it through this. This is also how I write a lot of the emails from my mom. And I take the transcripts of her calls and run it through this way. Okay. Then we go again, summarize the above.

[969:24] Speaker 1: Summarize the above, okay.

[970:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then we'll take these parts to copy those. Now let's go back to this is actually in reverse order of how I would do it. So we have that segment at the bottom here. One thing that I would do is highlight certain

[977:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: parts of the copy that you actually liked

[979:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we did we are the other ones that are bolded. Are they things that we liked?

[981:05] Speaker 1: No, I think we just kind of bold them. A couple of the things were that we liked.

[983:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what were some of the headlines that you liked?

[984:03] Speaker 1: Ah. Just a second, where was it? Yeah.

[987:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think this section was one that we did like, right? Yeah. Let's just take that section and then this summary, and then we'll run it back through.

[991:39] Speaker 1: I just want to get good at running, learning how to operate this Jasper thing too.

[993:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just, I use the recipe, and then I press Run. Yeah. And then when you're running it back through, I delete everything up to this point, since we've already kind of done a lot of that. And this habit generate more headlines breaking past the fear of the unknown, unleashing your potential for greater success. What's the part that you're stuck on as far as your copy

[1002:07] Speaker 1: goes? There's, there's kind of like two things. And one, I feel uncomfortable saying that's actually being so vulnerable, is around the niche thing. But you were really tapping into it in some ways. today. It's like, when I look at my bigger vision, my and, and, and claiming like my niche, it's it's really helping people to get a more aligned with their vision and their mission and their purpose and living by their values. And it might be people it's people that have like some fire inside for the badass is that you were taught we were speaking about before, and and allow and supporting them to live like a more align. And that's what I see.

[1021:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is a book. Where is it? Right? I just I just found this the other day and it sounds a little bit like that.

[1026:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: solely dedicated to obsessive growth, power and wealth accumulation.

[1027:34] Speaker 1: Why did it is I think it's it's not it

[1028:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: talks about Douglas, have you read this book?

[1029:36] Speaker 1: No, thank you. And what I'm aware of is, is for some people, it's not about making the money, they appreciate the money, but it's actually more than the money. It's like what that money might do or the legacy that they might make leave or the impact that they get to make while they're here. Yeah, it's like I want to have fun, impact supporting people or I want to have fun with my business. And what that does is it allows me to feel good because I'm Living in my values and living in my, what I'm here to do, and at the same time, those other people are getting to do what really is in alignment for them. So it's a leadership thing. Anyhow

[1046:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: so again, that's why it's getting, it's getting clearer on. Um I'm going to show you this. So some of the copy that we wrote for this program we was actually for this one

[1053:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: this line right here added a lot to it. Have you ever wanted to impact reaching your full potential? And so using certain language like that in your copy of like?

[1060:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: People who want to have a greater impact reach their full potential with their goals? What is the impact that they want to have look like? That's another thing to get clarity on.

[1065:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think we talked about you want to achieve your goals, but don't know how it can be hard to take necessary steps. So we have achieving our goals, but the goals are always impact driven is now what it sounds like you're saying, right? Well, that's the

[1070:24] Speaker 1: deeper level. Yeah. And so. And it's like, almost like if we could even come up with another word besides goals, you know? Okay.

[1076:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where I would go here. Um, what's another? What's another word, then goals, when it relates to people who want to leave a legacy and have impact achievements. I mean, that talks about being a high achiever purpose, fulfilling your purpose, or achieving your purpose

[1087:22] Speaker 1: shame failure, and having fun doing it

[1088:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: while having the most fun you've ever had doing so.

[1090:51] Speaker 1: So you have like a rich, fulfilling life. Which is, I don't know, in my terms, I'd kind of call that like a bit of a badass life

[1096:24] Speaker 1: okay

[1098:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: so can we pull some of this into here now? Run that back through again. It's really just, it's defining. That's why, okay. This is like a completely different side of copy and offer creation. It's very important to really verbally and in the written word, paint a picture for people of what they're going to experience after they purchased from you. And so, in the words that we use leaving a legacy having, like, can we get really specific on what a badass exceptional life looks like for them?

[1113:44] Speaker 1: I think for different people, it's a little bit different and what that expression is, though,

[1115:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: have you worked with a lot of people that that have experienced that?

[1116:26] Speaker 1: I'm not a time a few but not a ton. Okay. Yeah.

[1118:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So of the ones that you have worked with. So that's the thing. We're gonna take a step back from that. Sure. I think For other people, it's a different expression of that. While that's nice to honor that, when it comes to your coaching, when it comes to your marketing, it's actually a very detrimental thing.

[1124:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we want to get specific about what some of those things are. We can't bring into it, how we coach and how we make marketing campaigns.

[1129:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because otherwise, you're putting out there, we'll just decide which path you want. And then you need to actually make a decision for them based off of patterns that you're seeing in people that you've worked with, or give them a few options versus just expecting them to know, and already have those ideas. And so what would some of those ideas be?

[1139:44] Speaker 1: One would be that, that they, they, they have a business that they really enjoy, and they're able to give back to the communities that they're living in that cars give Yeah, giving back to their community. They're leaving a legacy that allows, you know, okay.

[1149:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have a business that you enjoy, and you're giving back to the community and leaving a legacy?

[1151:19] Speaker 1: Um, I'm in that process. Okay. And I give back? Yeah,

[1152:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Have you worked with a lot of people that have

[1154:00] Speaker 1: that give back? Yeah.

[1154:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: What was the main problem that you specifically helped them with? Because we want to be careful that it doesn't sound like you're, and really there will be a disconnect between this in your copy that, that you're the one that's going to point them to like the path of riches, wealth and legacy, whereas you're more helping them with how to unlock that inside of them. Mentally and emotionally. Right. Yeah. Okay. So that's

[1164:23] Speaker 1: our physical body. So what I was with what I was doing before, I was actually doing some body work as a massage therapist, and people are dealing with pain. But the thing is, is a lot of what's going on in our mind are blocking us mentally, and is also in our body. Yeah. Because it's the energy that's blocked, right?

[1171:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Okay, so I think that's where I think that's where the disconnect is, with some of this copy is, there's a difference between I think, you versus say, like somebody who has a net worth of like, $1.5 billion. Yeah, using this copy. And I think that the copy is more geared towards that person, then, let's get specific as to the work that you specifically do your methodology, and what you unlock and people and how you work through their mind and body to allow them to flow and do more of the things that they want to do.

[1183:21] Speaker 1: Okay, so there's two, two things. So I've made some of my own changes. So I was doing body work and, and working in that way. And what I realized is I was only working with one person at a time and I wanted to work with more and I wanted to go deeper with them in helping people Yeah, and and then with COVID, and everything and, and I really, because part of what I was also doing was coaching them, but it wasn't they appreciated it but didn't not necessarily pay for it or value it. And, and I've shifted more into doing the coaching and the bigger pieces is in the longer term, wanting to do retreats where I can incorporate some of that body work or as in part of the bigger program. On a bigger investment, I will be doing the body work as well. Yeah. So that's kind of the the bigger vision.

[1203:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can Can I ask you this? You said they didn't appreciate or value something specifically, what did they not appreciate our value?

[1206:15] Speaker 1: They appreciated it and they valued it. But only for that moment, it didn't have the lasting, necessarily the lasting impact us

[1208:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: specifically, though, what is it that they didn't appreciate or value?

[1210:55] Speaker 1: They didn't do their own work to create the longer lasting results, okay, it was like they're looking for outside dislike what we've been talking about this morning. Yeah, like, what you share is, you realize the impact of sugar on your health and well being and how that impacts you in your, in your copy. In your coaching, most business people are not aware of, they're not operating from that integrated, whole whole wholeness. And so often they might be doing parts of it. And so, and they've got, they're out of balance with their gut health. And they've got like, their alarms are going on in their bodies. And, and they're wanting me to fix it through massage and through working with the oils and, and my healing energy. And I give them temporary relief, but they're not doing the work to get the long term result, because they're not wanting to look inside at what they need to be doing.

[1229:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: restaurant eating,

[1230:00] Speaker 1: well, it's okay, but it's like, and I feel like a bit of an oddball because nobody's really talking about this stuff. Or, and some people are wanting to look at it, but they're not necessarily anyhow.

[1234:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where I think, again, they want, they want to have more energy and clarity, to actually reach their goals, and remove the things that are blocking them from moving forward. So they can create the legacy that they want. That language is a little more specific to what you do is like that you're able to help them release those blocks that you're able to help them find the exact area, whether it be in their mind or their body. You can say mind body spirit of what is keeping them stuck from having the exceptional, outstanding, badass lights that they want. Yeah, does that sound about right? Yeah. Okay. So that's, that's, that's where the more that we like, the more that you talk about it. And especially that passion that's inside of you. The more that you learn about the like, that's why your process. And what you're frustrated with that they're not getting is where you're going to actually find a lot of the breakthrough of where you're going to create your offers. I actually had that same passion this week around the fashio hat. A lot of the people who haven't, or who have jumped into my free training, they're so focused on the overwhelm of using the technology tools, and they think they have to spend 20 to 30 hours a week, you posting on social media. I started getting frustrated by that, because I'm like, But did they have an offer yet? Well, no, they don't, because they're convinced that they have to spend all this time doing all this stuff first. When just building the strategic offer, everything else flows from your offer.

[1267:08] Speaker 1: And but the thing is, is probably a lot of people are in this spot that we're just talking about. And a lot of people don't get that unpacking and putting all those bridges in.

[1271:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, but that's why when when you come into a program like this, we can and we can keep unpacking it each time that we like have the live calls and things like that, or you can post in the group, it might take a week or two to really unpack this more to really get that clarity on what your copy is. Because I think it's getting clear on how you help people and what they value. I think that's the those are the questions that we want to answer better Does that make sense? Yeah.

[1281:12] Speaker 1: Explaining how I help them as

[1282:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: well. Yeah, explaining. And that's the cool part about Jasper is this recipe as you explain how you help them, it'll frame it in a way that's very persuasive and come up with good coffee. So usually I will try to start with like, how do you actually assist and help somebody. And that will come up with the coffee better?

[1289:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So because sometimes we got to get more specific, okay. Like, for me in my business, I initially started with, I want to help business owners make more money online. Well, that's not specific enough. So then it was okay, I want to help them with their Facebook advertising online. Well, that wasn't specific enough. So then I realized, okay, I want to help coaches and course creators. Online. Well, I'm finding that's not specific enough. Because I really, really want to find the people that need help with their offer creation. Like, like, so I need to actually craft all of my marketing around people that need help with their offer creation. And so but it took me about nine months to get there, to figure that out, by launching the offer and seeing the feedback from people. And so a big part of it is for you, putting together this offer, I think something around Mind, Body Spirit, is going to be helpful. And around what you said living in exceptional life, helping gain clarity from the things that hold you back, and unlocking the barriers that you can't seem to break through from even though you've been trying for years. And that's the that's actually how I would probably word your first offer. And say I want to invite you for three days to help you work through this. And then you can spend that time and then you'll get the feedback from those people of what they really want. And value. Does that make sense? Yes. Thank you. Perfect. I'm really, really proud of you for being able to talk it out. And, and and sometimes we just got to get a little emotional about what we're frustrated with. For the clarity to come through. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Good thing you did great.

[1321:54] Speaker 1: And this is going to be in the group this recording.

[1323:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. It'll be in the members area as well. Yep. Yeah, that's, that's the thing. This is a group of people that are y'all are all everybody who's watching this and sees it as going through the same struggle.

[1327:55] Speaker 1: And Jeremiah, I just would really like to acknowledge you for your authenticity, and your rawness and your realness. Because, you know, I think we've, at least I've had trauma. And I appreciate what you said, I had somebody that has spoken over to me, and has said that they would make my life living hell. Oh, yeah. More than once. And in an adult, it's actually my father, and it impacts me and I keep, I don't, that's not where I want to go. That's not who I am. And it's about rising and going. And amazing, and it's in those little ways, the narcissism and the gaslighting so yeah,

[1342:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I've had, I've had people do the same thing to me as well. Just a very, very sad story on that, and now I'm like, I'm on the other side of it. There was a guy I had agreed to help him with business about six years ago, when I was working with my mom. And he ended up not being very successful. And I the words I said, were, I want to help you make back the investment you made. He came to me four years later and demanded that I give him back the money that I stole from them. And that he was going to file it with the police as theft. And I said, we had an agreement, I can help you make that back. And so he said, well, either you work for me at $10 an hour for 1000 hours. Or I'm gonna go to the police. So I ended up actually I had the finances to give him the money back. And he wasn't happy with it. And he said, Listen, I'm going to make your life a living hell until you admit that you are a criminal that tries to steal money from people. And I said, I just I talked to an attorney, I just ignored him. And I just, I haven't heard from him since that guy was dealing with a lot of problems that have nothing to do with me. But he was projecting it on me. And it was one of the most traumatizing things I've experienced in business. And it's taken me the last two years with my therapist, to actually not be afraid of people like that. And just last week, I had a lady write me on social media and say almost the same thing. Except it was over like $40. And, but this time, it didn't bother. This time. It didn't because I have the framework. And that's why for me to grow in my own self confidence is is growing and believing in myself is that is that now I'm at the point where a I'm not going to intentionally spend time around a narcissist, who's going to gaslight me and say all that, but if I come in contact with one, they have no power over me. They have no ability to take me back to that place that it did in the past. So hopefully, that's encouraging. Yeah, absolutely. Man, when you're in business, you're gonna run into some nasty people, because they have, here's what it is they've developed frameworks of how to make people afraid of them, to get them to do what they want. Human beings do that they've developed frameworks of if I say this, to this person, do this. It's worked out for me successfully, and people have submitted to what I want them to do. And they'll go into coaching programs and things like that, looking to take advantage of people that have a pure heart that wants to help people, they actually look for the kindest people, because they know they can take advantage of those people. And that's where you just got to realize that it has nothing to do with you.

[1393:14] Speaker 1: But I think that that's another piece though, is I think, for us to kind of go you know what, I don't want those type of people in my life anymore. Yeah. And I don't want to attract them into my business,

[1397:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. And the way that you'll attract them into your business is by not getting specific with your copy. By trying to say, Oh, they have all these different ways they want to do stuff. And when we try to honor that, in our marketing, we end up attracting a wide range of people. And so they're getting very specific with the ones that we can help. And so that's very helpful is doing that when we're not repelling a certain group of people, we end up attracting those ones. That because we're trying to please them and make them happy with our offer. I did a great podcast episode on this topic. A couple of weeks, back maybe a month or so back. And I don't think she is she's on here. Right now. But she was earlier. With Angie roar, dealing with narcissists in business, Episode 173. And I, I was somebody who was a magnet for those people for a long time. Now, I haven't had to deal with them, except for this one lady. And honestly, I think she has more mental issues is the problem. But it doesn't, versus being somebody that's who I was attracting. And so I share a lot of this with you. Because a lot of the techniques of how you write your copy and make your offer are what's going to make sure that you don't deal with unhealthy people. Like getting very specific in your methodology of what you do. Because here's what's going to happen. Here's here's how, here's how it'll happen. If you don't do that, I'm gonna go into a worst case like a sort of a, I actually know what would happen. If you put your offer out there, okay, I'm gonna help you achieve success in your legacy. And you're helping people with their mindset. You'll have one or two people that are very narcissistic, and say, Listen, I didn't make 100 grand. And so I'm going to sue you for that 100 grand, because you promised you'd help me build my legacy. And so if I don't have a legacy, after working with you, it's your fault, Tammy. And that's what they're gonna say if you don't get specific with your copy, as they are going to hold you to account in the worst, most stupidest way of what they think that they should have gotten from your offer, unless you're very specific with your copy. And so that's what I ended up having happened with me is I had people saying that they're like, listen, Jeremiah You said that I was going to be able to do this, why haven't I done it yet. And they point fingers and they blame and it's your fault. Unless you make sure to make it very clear of what you're willing to do what you're not willing to do, and that's around your boundaries in business. And we take it from a place of, instead of wanting to help everybody else, instead of wanting to help so many people, we look at who can I help? In? What way can I help them? And so now, I know that's why my lane of what I can help people in. I don't have those types of people anymore, coming at me. I don't have those comments from people. I don't have that type of feedback, because I've gotten very specific. And I've segmented out certain people that I could help that I even would want to help. Because I know that they're they're not ready yet for that help. In the language and in the copy that we use. Does that make sense? Awesome. All right, anybody else want to go over some of their copy, or come up with some ideas or run some stuff through Jasper ideas that you have for your, your coaching program, your course your mentorship, your training on this today? It's really interesting whenever we actually talk about copy, because copy is sales in the written form. And to sell well, it starts with having our own mindset in order. And so that's why when writing copy what the way that you actually flow with the best copy is working through your own confidence is working through your own mindset. Does that make sense? And so it's like, Oh, why does mindset matter for copy, I'll tell you, if I'm gonna, if I'm in a bad mood, I'm gonna write copy that isn't going to convert.

[1478:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: If I'm angry about something, I'm gonna write, copy, that's not going to convert. So I work on getting myself into the most excited, happiest state of mind, before I go out there and write copy, so that it's fun. So that's exciting. And there's a there's a, there's a chapter in this book, I recommend constantly. It's one of the earlier chapters in the book. And it's something that Tony Robbins teaches a lot. But he talks about this in sales, state management. Before you can go out there, you have to have exceptional courage in your physiology and in your state says right here, if you spend the next five minutes focusing on everything that's great in your life, a recent business success, being in a loving relationship, the health of your children, a recent goal you achieved, they'll quickly pop into a positive empowered state, if you focus on that for 10 to 15 minutes. And by doing that, before you go into writing your sales copy, before you go into a sales environment, you'll have a lot more clarity on what to say. Conversely, if you spend a lot of time focusing on everything that's wrong in your life, or recent business failure, the tax bill that's coming a divorce a sick child, you'll be disempowered, and it will be reflected in everything you say and do. And so that energy comes across simply by how we manage our state of mind. Now, like I said, earlier this week, I was dealing with those thoughts of self self hatred and things like that I wasn't able to produce in my business during that time. So we have to set an intention to choose the state of mind that we want. We have to choose where we focus. We have to choose our physiology and then we have to learn how do we amplify our state. So this starts with the five sensory modalities visual, auditory, kinesthetic, what you taste and what you smell. And that's actually an exercise that when I'm my therapist actually helps me do if I'm in a very frustrated state. She has me look at five things that I can see. Four things that I can touch. Three things that I can hear two things that I I can smell and one thing that I can taste and go through that list. And it actually changes the physiology mentally of what I'm focusing on. And I suddenly get clarity in about 30 seconds. And so when you're writing copy, when you're coming up with these ideas, sometimes we can get so overwhelmed, I'm trying to come up with the idea, the right idea, I'm trying to come up with the right thing, that's going to produce a result. And that comes from a state of feeling like we're not good enough. Feeling like, no matter what we do, we can accomplish it. No matter what happens, we're not reaching that. And our brain is operating in a way that is counterintuitive, counterproductive, to what's actually going to produce the result we're seeking. And so we're coming up against a brick wall. That's why I say go do something fun, go focus on something that excites you go have some fun and excitement in your life. And your sales copy and your offers will actually flow out of that. And some people, especially if you're watching this recording, or maybe you're on here live, maybe you haven't given yourself the opportunity to have fun in yours, because you felt like it's juvenile, or you don't have enough time. I'd like to argue you don't have enough time not to have more fun. And I see I see Tammy smiling, because that's part of the work that you work with with people is helping them see that. And so even for your own life, it's also I would say Tammy started applying some of your own methodology to your own business.

[1548:19] Speaker 1: I actually do, but also some of this, like my voice. Yeah. And some of this is it's that deep sticking point. For me.

[1551:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's okay. You don't have to get it like, right away overnight. I think you've got some clarity even today on what you create an offer around, which is

[1554:10] Speaker 1: good. And you'll send that right?

[1555:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I didn't, I didn't really come up with much of anything in Jasper. Okay. Right now let's actually go through it. Let's actually start from the top and make a new Jasper off of this. I think that's what we want to do. Okay, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take a little bit of the summary that we had before. I'm gonna throw this in the top, but we're going to come up with some new goals and methodology a little bit. Okay, so

[1563:13] Speaker 1: part of what my offer is Jeremiah as well is I talked the other day about Positive Intelligence and mental fitness. Yeah, so that has an eight, an actual six week program. And I'm incorporating it adding some additional things. And I actually want that to be like my introduction to that. And then because there's a bunch of other things like what we're speaking about today, that I actually do, okay? Like, I'm very good at creating a custom blend to support somebody with their help.

[1575:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know what I'm I'm remembering I actually filled out one of these tests that they have.

[1576:56] Speaker 1: Oh, cool. The assessment. Yes. Fantastic. Mind. Welcome back. What you're welcome to send it to me if you I

[1579:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: forget what something came back as like achievement is like my ultimate like, thing. Hyper achiever. Yeah, hyper. Yeah, exactly. Hyper achiever. That's my ultimate like, thing. Sure. That's why I don't I don't have a limit of like, okay, I'm working too hard, because I don't know the concept of working too hard. But I understand that other people do, I don't get burnt out either. Which is the other thing. Like, when I'm doing something I love I literally don't get burnt out. It's just it's like, I'm having fun, like these types of conversations. This coaching is the funnest thing for me. I literally could talk for another two hours and not be tired or burnt out. Right. So which shows my alignment of that's my zone of genius to that's what I'm have a calling.

[1595:08] Speaker 1: But then it's the other piece is also about helping to bring in balance into your life. Absolutely. So that's a key piece actually. Because you can be in your zone of genius, but at the same time, you may not have that balance because that achievement can almost become like a bit of an addiction because,

[1600:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes. Which I've which I've had to learn how to like, set that aside and, and not let that sabotage me absolutely threw this in here.

[1604:50] Speaker 1: If you or anybody else want to do the assessment that's there and then have a conversation with me by all means. Awesome, just reach out.

[1607:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: See? Okay so who is your customer? Someone who wants to leave a legacy become a higher performing individual and work on the mind and body aspects of problem do they have? They are stuck seem to break through and have patterns that prevent them from achieving their purpose. This is the part that's important what solution do you offer them specifically? So you do Positive Intelligence, but you also do you said work with them on their, on their health and mental mental blocks to gain clarity

[1624:22] Speaker 1: on their values and help helping them to have that balance and moderation Because oftentimes, a lot of hyper achievers, they will have that achievement in in their business and then forget about their other pieces. And especially if they have a family then they look back 10 years later, or five years and go where's my relationship? Or where's my family? Yeah, so for me, what's even more important than than just achieving in their business is really having that rich, fulfilling life. Yep. So that all areas are working. Awesome. Then they're having an alignment, they

[1636:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: know do they know how to hire people?

[1636:57] Speaker 1: Yeah, awesome.

[1637:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So because I it's funny, that's a huge area of like, especially if you're a high achiever in business, but you don't know how to delegate. That's like literally, it just changes everything. I'm learning to delegate better. And so the more I delegate the more I can do more of what I want

[1642:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see, they're free to not leaving a legacy living up to their full potential. They're stuck can't break through their patterns that are stopping them from their purpose.

[1644:41] Speaker 1: We don't see your screen by the way. That's right.

[1646:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: i It's okay, because I've more been typing up information versus ah, oops, let's highlight this. harlotry greater balance and moderation in your life. Finding the right balance. Okay. Jasper's being weird Let me refresh it if it's doing something or it's grabbing the wrong lines just refresh the software it's actually through like the the six week programs landing page in here.

[1655:47] Speaker 1: Okay, cool.

[1656:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm actually going to do a quick summarize the above

[1659:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if it's doing that or it's grabbing another line you just got to highlight the section then I'm going to go further out I was in a group where a guy was walking people through this as well he used his group as sort of a way of generating leads for his business and he uses Positive Intelligence as well. So I found it the science of mental fitness and habit change

[1675:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: he is a success your mental fitness and a habit and habit change. Okay. So that so that stands out to me while we're doing this. How to achieve greater balance and moderation. It's frustrating and keeps grabbing In the last line I used to be able to just do this most effective habit change program available that's pretty that's a bold claim but from what I've seen from Positive Intelligence it's pretty good at it

[1683:28] Speaker 2: yeah okay that's

[1689:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you wanting to create or change the habits that will help you achieve your purpose and leave the legacy you want so I'll sometimes I'll take that and I'll see what it comes up with oops we made this synergy if you make it an h1 It anchors it like a headline their their software is a little glitchy today It's getting on my nerves too. So usually they fix those glitches pretty quick though that's not even working most of us want to live a fulfilling life but we often find it difficult to achieve balance in moderation we may have patterns that prevent us from achieving our purpose and unable to find the balance moderation or unable to find the balance moderation we truly desire I want to help you so see I was able to change the copy and Jasper from here some tips to I want to help you because you can turn that it was actually writing a blog post out there but this could be an intro right here into your offer

[1715:15] Speaker 1: okay

[1716:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you talk about read about how Tammy I'll settle with the people achieve this with PQ

[1723:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you can change this to say this master class or this training or this

[1726:35] Speaker 1: I was gonna go with Master Class yeah I was thinking about doing like a master class on that I could do a three day or a five day

[1728:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: this free masterclass is designed to help not people you find your true self and unleash your your potential for greater success with the help of this program right. Ah, okay, but maybe not. So this is where we put the three stars and we see

[1738:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: create habits for your purpose how to find balance, moderation, achieve greater success in your personal and professional life. How to leave the legacy you want for your family. You deserve to live a fulfilling life that's in alignment with your purpose if you're ready to make some changes, and achieve greater balance moderation and achieve and achieve those goals. See you don't want to be redundant with that. I like the word sign up so we always use the word register

[1749:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: word join. I don't like join either

[1751:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: many people have a connotation to the word join like like something's a cult. So I try I don't usually use the word join very often, either. But right here could be like a good start for you for you put a little bit of your like a bio in there about you as well. That can be a good start for some of your copyright. They're excellent, a little different than what we came up with before. I think It's more closer to what you're wanting to get to. Yeah. Okay, so I'll send that to you as well. All right, well, we're at the top of the two hours. Is anybody else? Yep. Does anybody else want to take their? Take there. Actually, this is a great question, Michael right here. Does anyone else want to go over their copy and Jasper real quick? Otherwise, I'll take Michael's question and then we will beat them. Alright, so how can I target clients who I can coach effectively, but not get ones that need therapy.

[1774:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't want when we so here's how you end up attracting clients that need therapy. You lead with too much of their trauma and pain, and talk about what got them into this mess too much. If you do that, you will attract the ones that need therapy. If a lot of your copy is all about, it's so frustrating, you had an abusive father and a narcissistic. Like, if you're leading with that, you're going to probably attract a lot of people that need a therapist. If you're talking about the end result of it, you've been and you and you don't really touch on the problem as much like when it's like abuse trauma therapy related. Again, for what your your offer is, you want to get very specific again as to how your methodology works out. Similar to what I just did with Tammy. Of because I don't think that this is going to attract somebody who needs to go to like, they might need a therapist somewhat. But they're at the place where they're ready to work with Tammy. They're there. They're not needing to work through how do I put this there's a difference between getting coaching to reach your goal versus healing the pain that broke you. And I think that that's a big part of it is that when we focus, that's the main goal of like coaching people for the vision they have, versus really diving into the pain, for instance, what you wrote here, your niche, help those who feel alone overcome their fears by finding their voice. overcoming your fear by finding your voice is definitely going to attract more people that are very fearful because you're putting fear right into the forefront of your copy versus answering this key question. And this is where Jasper can help with let me pull this into Jasper right here.

[1815:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: What happens in someone's life, after they overcome their fears, and find their voice? They live a life of fulfillment and happiness. So that's actually the language that you want to use is become more confident and fulfilled to use your voice and transform your life. In the process, now this could be better. Let's see, I wouldn't lead with this. I would say then. Have you ever felt afraid to speak up? Because you didn't know what would? What would happen? afterwards? Again, this is where you want to dial into Michael, what is their reason? What is behind their fear? What are they wanting to use their voice for? So those are two key questions to answer. Getting very specific around those answers will help you

[1838:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: because otherwise, like you said, yeah, it's going to attract a lot of people that just they they they do need a therapist because they feel like they've been silenced, they've been shut down. We can put some of that into the copy, but you don't want to lead with it. You want to look at okay, what have they been silenced around? Um, for me, I felt very silenced around the ideas that I had. And I was fearful of creating the life that I wanted. Because what if people come after me and hurt me. So that's very key right there. But that's what I had to deal with, through my therapy. But what was my biggest goal, my biggest goal was to find my voice to be able to impact people to build a business that makes a lot of money, and helps change the world. And helps create coaches that change the world as well. And so by me, finding my voice, the outcome of that as being able to build a successful coaching business, by me overcoming my fears, I can find my target customer better. See, so, even if, while we're talking about that, and then I'll flip it around. When I'm attracting clients, I talk about building a six figure business, breaking past overwhelm and frustration, what they've gone through what they've done, but I'm leading with the proven repeatable system that they can do now I might talk about in that system, because as you've noticed, a lot of my coaching that I deal with, especially in here, we deal with mindset just as much as we do strategy. Because it's important, because it matters. And I and I'm gonna be super honest with y'all. When I started this coaching program, I was afraid to talk about mindset in this program. And I realized that I need to not be afraid to do that, that I that there are things that I know about mindset and about mental health, that I can help people with, I'll say I'm not a therapist, but I can at least guide you through some stuff that I that I know, through my experience might be different for you, you need to go see a professional if you need to go see a professional in those areas. I'm not here practicing medicine. Now I'm gonna I'm gonna say something. When I first started this coaching business, I had a therapist approached me to help with their marketing. And he yelled at me and said, You better effing stop building your business because you're practicing medicine without a license. And he told me that and that was actually a trauma that I had. And his went away, he said that. I said, I think you're struggling to find clarity on your, your, what you actually want to do in business, because you feel like you don't have a voice to speak up over your wife's desires. And then he told me that I had no right to tell him that because I'm not a professional. And, and interestingly enough, though, it was his wife talking over me on the call, and I had to work through Okay, what did I do wrong in that? Well, what I actually did wrong was I didn't have his trust built to be able to actually speak into that issue, even if I was recognizing it as an issue. And I was actually criticizing him for what he wasn't doing, right, quote, unquote, in that, so had nothing to do with me practicing medicine without a license. But that's the only response that he could come back with, because he was a licensed therapist. And so it created this thing, where I had fear of using my voice, and helping people in the way that I know I can help them. Because of that situation two years ago, but the more people I've worked with, the more it's gotten better. And by building this program that's gotten better. And so we all have things that stop us from reaching our goals where we feel like we don't have our voice. Okay. I'm saying this. So Michael, what I've just talked about right now, you can take some of those things that I just shared, and bring that into your copy about, have you had people shut you down, tell you, you don't have a voice, and you're fearful to actually speak up and do the things that you're called to do. Because of these situations. I want to help you break past what's stopping you and live your exceptional, amazing life. And then some of that's similar to some of Tamizh coffee. That's why, again, I said

[1912:39] Speaker 1: please, get more

[1913:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: specific about how you help people get more specific about what their goals are. Get more specific about what their desires are and how your methods help them. And you'll be able to go from there. All right, Michael. Hopefully that helps. Tamra let's let me take a look at your page and then we will be done here. Fast Track bundle to accelerate your business health and mindset

[1922:24] Speaker 1: solopreneurs. Okay,

[1924:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is really good right here. Cuz you're telling a story. This is getting a little too specific into what, let me let me read more. Because I almost don't want to read any more here

[1932:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: so a lot of this is, could be condensed into one paragraph or two shorter ones. We don't need to go as deep into making them feel the pain of like jumping into social media and like how will I ever get this all done? I feel like that's a little bit too close to home for some people. Okay, so now Yeah. So you're targeting faith based solopreneurs. As that very specifically, you only want to work with faith based entrepreneurs?

[1941:44] Speaker 5: No. I mean, I would like to do more than just faith based. So I don't know if I should maybe exclude that.

[1944:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's up to you. If you go faith based, that's actually there's more there's actually more profit margins by focusing on the faith based niche. If you really want to bring that into it. Okay? Surprisingly, you can actually make more money by having it safe, like a faith based area. It's actually a lot harder to go wider. Okay. I've chosen not to I've chosen to go the hard route. And not lead with that I have like that I'm Faith based.

[1954:23] Speaker 5: I know, I struggled going back and forth with that, like, should I lead with it? Or should

[1955:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I say if you feel like should I lead with it? For you? If you're just starting out? Have you done? Have you let me ask you this? What have you had a lot of experience doing this before?

[1958:39] Speaker 5: No, this is my first page.

[1960:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yeah, that I would say if you're feeling that you want to lead with that, I would say go for it. Because you're gonna you're going to actually deal with less of the, the you'll you'll deal with religious people, but you're not going to deal with as many nasty people.

[1965:17] Speaker 5: Right? Because you know how it is with the nasty people because people have, say all kinds of things. I'm like, Oh my gosh, you probably

[1967:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: won't get the nasty people if you're leading with it being faith based but you'll get people saying that you're selling the gospel and that's your a false, right. That's about the worst they get though. Okay, so it looks like you're gonna sever social media. Business bundles. Okay, so really, it looks like you're helping people with their, their social media and their mindset. Yes. And their health.

[1975:43] Speaker 5: And our best. Yes.

[1976:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, but when it comes to their business, because what? What areas do you specifically want to help people with when it comes to their business? Because there's a wide range of like, there's there's John Maxwell, when it comes to business. There's Jordan Belfort. There's what I do. What is it that you're doing specifically that helps people with their business?

[1983:59] Speaker 5: Get clarity on what it means to be in the marketplace as a faith based entrepreneur and to help them okay, create digital products and courses Cool.

[1986:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Awesome. So really, you could borrow from some of the copy that we did with with Joshua Okay. Intensive

[1991:00] Speaker 5: because I love creating digital products and and there's people that don't know how to do and I want to help them

[1992:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: building your six figure Kingdom business idea. Have you ever had an idea that God's given you for six figure business don't know where to start? You can borrow some of this from here. You can make that kind of money by taking your knowledge and putting it into a course or coaching program. So that's what we put together right here. We were felt like God's called you to business your dreams about business or building a profitable business. turn your ideas into a plan. So again, this pay Adri here is going to be something that you can learn from yours is a little all over the place around business and what you're helping people with. And needs to get a little more, it needs to get more specific, right here that you'll, you'll give them clarity, you're gonna give them step by step on what to do for their social media, creating digital courses, and how to set themselves up for success in their business to create the kind of wealth that they want. And to and to break past the overwhelm. And I again, I like this, see, you have some of this right in here, plug into God's way of dealing with overwhelming anxiety, how to get more, instead of more traffic, most beginning business, people don't know the word traffic. So how to get more people seeing your business, how to come up with ideas for creative posts and content. So you kind of more have like a business content creation offer, is what you're looking for. You're wanting to help people turn your turn your turn your passion and ideas into a business. Mm hmm. I think that that's what I would build your offer round.

[2019:29] Speaker 5: Okay. Because, um, remember, I said, I had issues with my websites, with Hostgator. But anyway, on my main website, I had actually, my main thing was to help turn your passions into profits that's aligned with your purpose. That was on my website. But now that that's down, I don't, that was my only concern, too, because I know people are going to be trying to search on my website, and it's completely down, I think I was telling you about all that

[2027:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't matter that much anymore. Okay. Because you can put an offer out there and people won't even really visit much your website, your website, you just want kind of links to your bio, and your social media profiles, and then the different offers that you have. But yeah, I would, I would go a little bit back. Again, I think you have a lot like right here, keep talking about consultant creator coach. So you can even borrow from? Yeah, some of the language that that Joshua has on that page, as well as some of the language that's on my page right here. Even also passion to profits.org. That's Rick's right here. Discover how to make a passive income, using your existing knowledge through digital products, create sustainable wealth for you and your family. So like you can use some of this. These These offers are converting really well. And so we're versus your offer, needs a little more to be more specific as to how you're helping people have these bonuses down here. But I wouldn't lead with a lot of like those bonuses up here, I wouldn't lead with like the, because it sounds like you're talking to somebody who has spent years trying to build a business. Sounds more like you're wanting to help people get started on the right foot. Right. So that'll lead with more some of that language about getting started the fast track to starting your online business. Okay, versus fast track to see because the keywords are starting. And because reading this, it could you can say Well, are you going to help me put together my, my, my juice bar and get the licensing and permits for. So that's different. So you're not gonna be able to help everybody. So So helping faith based entrepreneurs, break past the overwhelm, and learn to build a business that they're passionate about turning your passion into profits. With an online, starting the fast track to starting an online business, some of those are some of the keywords that I would use. So all right. Thank you so much. For Yeah, I'm excited to see your next version of that offer that you put out. Thank you. All right, everybody. It's been good. This has been fun. I plan on us doing this at least once a month, where we go over your copy where we go over your offers from this angle, I think it'd be really good it'd be really helpful Plus, you can post your offers in the in the group. You can share those with everybody. You can you can share them on the weekly calls. And I love looking at everybody's offers again, we got a number of people putting together some different offers and stuff like that. If you haven't yet gone through the finding your niche training that I did last Saturday and you're stuck figuring out what should I make an offer on finding my niche again, irresistible offers itself was a great course for that. And then the starting your coaching business finding your niche training that I did, that was We're all in the members area. The finding your niche training will help you really get a lot of clarity as to like what you should build an offer around for coaching. So by logging in over at members at Jeremiah krakowski.com, if you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, click on the menu, click login. Actually, that's the wrong window.

[2087:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you use Chrome once you log in, you get access to all these different courses. And the buttons on here is how you scroll through the different pages.

[2092:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so again, irresistible offers that sell is a course that's in there. Easy course Creation Blueprint is really once you figure out what you want to make your offer on and your niche. It's how you actually turn it into a course. This is about how to be a better coach. It's like an overview of coaching with people, it's probably not nearly the level that Tammy has with her Positive Intelligence type stuff. But it's more of an overview of what I wish I had learned when coaching people learning more about asking questions versus being a teacher, and the difference of those things. But the two main things is really start with our irresistible offers that sell. And then the virtual event playbook. This is all about building out your specific virtual event offer, whether it be a webinar, or it be a multi day. And then this one right here, finding your niche. VIP bonuses has the recording of the training right here as a two hour training customer half. So I did all about finding your niche. Those are all in your members area. Plus, you get the monthly archives here. This is the vault of all the virtual events that I've done. I'm actually going to move everything into that. So the finding your niche training is also in the vault right here. The private vaults or virtual events. And this has all of the different virtual events that I've done. My call to action on this one was to have people sign up for my five day event. That's next week. My call to action on this one building five day event was to sign up for this coaching program. For this one was for one on one coaching for this one was for my offer credit. So each at the end of each one of these, I make an offer of some kind. If you're in my coaching program, I don't make offers to you guys because I don't have another offer besides one on one coaching. And so you can go through and actually see the different virtual events that I've done. And, and get some clarity as to like how I do that by watching some of those virtual events. Those are all archived right here. Alright, everybody, so the members area again is going to be a huge way for you to get a lot of the teaching a lot of the training. And then when we come to these calls, when we come to the live calls on Monday, you're able to ask questions and get clarity. And if you're still stuck with something just post it in the Facebook group. Go post in the Facebook group what what you're stuck on. There's no There's no stupid questions. There's no inappropriate stuff that you can't share. Like I love here everybody's loving, irresistible offers that sell once they go through it. They wish they went through it sooner. So Andrew Mitchell posted his offer right here. So I thought it was awesome. It looks incredible. He's He's a fast learner. He's, he's getting it, which is awesome. And applying it. And so yep, you can scroll through here. This is the also I did a training. That's a bonus training. Um I think it's in the accelerator, monthly trainings archive. Yep, bonus funnel building training. 43 minutes just about the technical aspects of like building out a funnel basically through this. Steven Robbins is going to make a training about how to do it through Click Funnels as well and use his funnel if you wanted to use Click Funnels. So the all those training archives are in here. I would say August 15 was a must watch. I'll usually star these if you're going through the archive of like you need to watch these at least. There's really only two right here the must watch training. Must Watch right there. And here's what I'll say. Again, go at your own pace through the content don't feel like hey, I have to go through all these trainings to get it. Start with your resistible offers itself. Start with finding your niche. That's going to bring you clarity. Start with where you're at. You don't need to get like you don't need to understand Facebook ads if we don't even know what our niches Yeah, we don't know what our offer is, once you have your offer built, now it's time to build out the ads. Mmm hmm. And so this is more of a resource for you that works for you, not against you. I don't ever want any of you to feel like guilty, like, I haven't gone through enough of the training. And so now I can't get started. Go at your own pace, do what you can do. And again, I'll direct you to at least the bare minimum training that you want to go through is going to be irresistible offers itself.

[2172:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's going to be like the starting phase. The finding your niche training actually borrows from about three of the lessons from irresistible offers that sell and repackages

[2174:59] Speaker 1: that a little bit so. All right, everybody.

[2175:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: This will be in the members area. This has been fun. This has been exciting. I love the interaction that's been in here, and I'll see everybody on Monday. Have a good one.

