LIVE Copywriting Re-write Day
Date: 2022-12-08T19:30:43.000Z
Duration: 85 min
Otter ID: AWVkDLwWon77E8OcPFd3xLIs4hs
---

[1:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right. All right. Let's do this. Let's do this. Hello. Hello beautiful people. How are we doing today? Welcome, welcome, welcome. Listen, I am pumped for this call more than y'all could ever imagine, right now, I just got off of recording a podcast episode with one of our members from the client growth accelerator community. And for those that are that are watching this here, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let some people kind of see as we as we go into this. So listen, I am just pumped, I'm so excited, join us live, I'm gonna stream this into the Facebook group, and then we're gonna get get started here. And listen, we're gonna get a lot accomplished today, I think that you're gonna find that the value of these calls far exceeds the time investment that there will be in here. And that just one of these copywriting calls, I want to challenge you on this. I'm gonna challenge you on this. My coaching rate is so so you paid $2,000 for this program, my coaching rate one on one is never going to be less than 2000 an hour for all new clients. I just reached out to a few people this week, who said hey, I really want to do one on one coaching. I didn't get it on the last time it was 9600. Can I get that? Right? And I said, No, you can't. But it'll be it'll be $14,000 for you to get six sessions with me. And so now automatically, you know, those of you that got in with me in the last round, you know, like that was a good value. Because now it's 14,000. My my right Monica is in there, Marianne DIA is in there. So we got a couple of the one on one clients in here. Again, listen, if you're wanting to do one on one coaching with me, I am willing to anybody who's in the client growth accelerator community, I am willing to hop on a zoom call with you to discuss those options. And you can finance it for up to 60 months, we just had a lady yesterday, she got a financing rate of 6% at 60 months, and they were able to let her take out 30,000. So she's able to spend 14 of it on her on the coaching and then the other 16 She can use for ads, which is awesome. And so you're able to even do that as kind of a bundle those together get a really competitive rate in this market better than you would get on credit cards, just depending on your credit, obviously, if you're if your credit is is is not at a higher level, we've seen rates as high as 21%. But the financing options really helpful because it's like it's a non secured personal loan. But you can see it as as a as kind of one of your first business loans even to help invest into your business. And as you pay that off to it'll help you establish your credit even better based off of the work that we're doing together. And so that would be $14,000. For six sessions with me you get lifetime access to all the courses, you also get a year in the clan growth accelerator included with that, as well as I'm still gonna throw in that free audit. And that free what I call it, copy audit and funnel audit that Steven and I'll do so that would be included in that $14,000 Whether it be paid in full, or whether it be you make you make what's the what's the, if I do a six pay on it. Anybody's approved for six pay, um, without a credit check. So $2,333 a month for six months is what it would be or you can finance it with our with our financing partners. Coach financing if we do a financing calculator here because we got to include the interest. If I go to a loan calculator y'all might not know you can do this really quick. You just Google like loan calculator and find it. So if you're financing 14,000 for, say 60 months, let's say you're getting an interest rate of 18%. Your payments would come out to 355 a month for those 60 months. So and that would give you that one package with me those six hours. So I know some of y'all if you're watching the recordings of this too. That's today's price. Tomorrow's price is not the same. Yesterday's price is not today's price. And that attitude is something that I want to impart to all of you as coaches. Yesterday's price is not today's price. As you grow as you gain your Momentum, you're gonna have more people wanting to work with you because yesterday's price is not today's price. Now you'll hit a level where I call kind of an upper limit. And that upper limit is based off of what you believe that you can earn. Okay? My upper limit was 625 an hour a year ago, and I could barely get people to buy one on one coaching from me for more than 400 an hour. So this was my upper limit. I was getting this for consulting and copywriting and I was getting this for coaching. Okay, now we're charging $2,000 an hour for copywriting and coaching, okay. So like, if you hire me for copywriting job, I write your landing page, that's going to be $6,000. Because it'll take me about three hours to do that. Okay. And anybody can hire me at that rate, bidding per project for copywriting. But you can also do that by buying a package of coaching with me and you kind of get the hybrid where you get me helping you with your copy looking at your ads going over that. But that's why Why am I saying all this right? Y'all are like get to the point of the call already. Because you're in the client growth accelerator, and everybody who's in here only paid two grand to be in here for the whole year. And you get 12 of these copywriting calls. You get 12 of these calls in here for that two grand. So you don't have to invest 14,000 You're getting equal to my hourly rate, you're getting 12 hours with me, focused on copy together. So that's why the value of this program is so incredible, and it's getting better and better every single week as we add more, more trainings to it. So I'm pumped. Hey, I just got off of a podcast recording with VA nice Robins here, have a nice, let them know just a little bit about what they can look forward to in that podcast. 60 seconds coming out this week on Monday. Let them know.

[112:14] Speaker 1: Yeah. Hey, thanks. Hey, everyone. 60 seconds, we talked about how to interrupt overcome perfectionism. Self Sabotage. I mean, those are just some highlights. And it was just really great. Yeah. Version,

[116:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about like, just kind of like how we overcome perfectionism and self self sabotage.

[118:13] Speaker 1: So how you overcome perfectionism. Perfectionism is self sabotage. One is to really get, I'll do my demonstration real quick. This is really who you are, your pen, and who we really are as confident, creative, connected, courageous. And there's this part of us, this is my little demo, that is the perfectionist and the part that says, You're gonna screw it up, it's never gonna work. And I really literally go through like a simple practice that you can start doing like from the podcast, to really kind of separate the two and a way that you can do it with compassion, curiosity, that gives you room to fulfill and take action on what you're here for as a business owner. You know, I say you have it in you, there's just something in the way and like, how do I get that out of the way? So that's really what my intention was on that call. That's awesome. Right? It's gonna be great.

[133:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's gonna be great. We talked for almost a whole hour we went up and down in and out lots of different ideas concepts. So it's funny. Miss Kitty, as is her form is if I don't want her hopping all over the screen. She's all over if I do, she doesn't want anything to do with me. Right? So so she doesn't she has performance anxiety right now. She doesn't want to say anything to anybody. But she's right here. I Miss Kitty. You're gonna whip him into shape today. All right. We're about to set up a whole new set up behind me here in my office. And we're actually basing it off of the so what we're doing is we're using the IKEA y'all are gonna laugh because my majority of my audience is a lot of women. But I am fully an unashamedly me. And and I'm a I'm a video gamer and I love playing video games. And so we're going to be creating in my office, the IKEA gaming backdrop right here, behind me with shelves and like a whole bunch of like video game memorabilia and things like that, and like neon lighting and like multicolored lighting and things like that all around me. And so, what I'm going for is what we call the Twitch streamer look. So to kind of be The look of like a Twitch streamers backdrop. So if you look here, like a lot of Twitch streamers, like they'll have this like purple lighting, or they'll have this like neon bright colors. So I'm going to be setting up kind of like those neon bright colors behind me for that video game, ask look to my office. So what's cool is that's gonna work, especially that plus the backwards cap, it's really going to repel anybody who isn't going to have ears to hear what I'm talking about, because they're judgmental. And that's a that's so important to do is we brought down the cost of our happy, we brought down the cost of our offer. By being very, very specific on this one we're getting leads for $5 with Facebook ads for this one right here. And I put right here, especially if you're perfectionist, please do not proceed, I am not a good fit for you at all, never will be trust me. Now that's a that's extreme, right. But the extreme because first off, if somebody is curious, they're willing to learn, and there's still that they're gonna be turned off by that. But I'm targeting people that like they're, they're okay with things being less than perfect. And I get it, we got a whole community of recovering perfectionist here. Basically, that's what I mean. But I'm putting a little bit more of an extreme language on my landing page here, that might not be fully my intention behind it. But it's extreme to the point that it will turn off a segment of people that I know is just not a good fit for our business. And so that's actually attracted a whole lot of great people that are my type of people that are gonna get the most out of our, our offers by doing that. So listen, I'm excited to help you guys with your copy here today, who has some copy that we want to review, I'm gonna get to what's been posted in the group here, who has some copy that we want to review that we want to go over and we're going to use our our trusty friend Jasper for this, um, the guys over at open AI, they released a chat GPT this week and chat GPT is it's, it's like a less educated version of Jasper. It's currently free, though, which is awesome. And so if you're not using Jasper chat GPT is also a good alternative to it. It's not as good as Jasper though at all. And the Jasper CEO, he's a CEO of a $1.5 billion company commented them on my thread on my social media today. By the way, if you haven't read this post, please go read it, it's gonna really impact a lot of you to just go read, read the texts that I wrote on it. Specifically, you'll find this photo my wife, she's about to give birth here in three weeks. This is the two of us on our photoshoot. Last week, we just did this photo shoot over at a coffee shop here in Austin, and go read that post. But I digress on this. So yeah, this is the CEO of Jasper, Dave Rogan Moser. And he is sort of doing what I would call damage control on his company a little bit. Because chat GPT, his company got valued at $1.5 billion. And now like a tool that's 80% As good as now available for free to people. So I could see that as needing to do damage control in your company, especially since it's going viral. Um, basically, he's saying that we will have this integrated shortly. So he's going to have it in his app. And I still believe I told him you know, Jasper still superior that I found a nice workflow where I use both of them to cover topics. I've used boss mode as a chat interface as well in Jasper, here's your chat GPT is pretty cool, is I can take an entire landing page because they have no limit on the look back. So I can just copy the whole page here in the chat GPT. And I can say I'll usually put the command at the top please summarize this entire page. And chat GPT is going to take the whole page and to its best of its ability it's able to in one command, summarize the content with AI. This page is about coaching program for coaches and trainers the program promises to help people grow their email list with 1000 subscribers and make six figures includes access to courses and coaching. There's also a live strategy session for free or there's an upgrade option for $7. So it gave me an entire summary of this whole page in less than 30 seconds. Jasper is not able to do that yet. Like at that ability to with one command, take an entire page and do that. So we're using as part of our workflow, chat GPT as as one of the standards for how we Start a lot of our work. Because it does a lot of the layout, the basic legwork for us very quickly and easily. The activity of summarizing entire pages is a big part of my methodology. And so what we're doing when we write copy is we are also even taking our landing pages and seeing, okay, where's this landing differently? I will even take the recording of our sessions. And take recordings of like entire sessions here. This is the VIP session from our our last live event, I'll go ahead and copy the whole thing. That helps you guys, I hope, I'll just copy the whole thing. And I'll do that summarize the below content transcript. That's the entire transcript. Okay, so an error occurred. So I'm finding there's a limit to it. on that.

[255:24] Speaker 2: But it's not

[255:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: too far off, if I just delete that part.

[256:45] Speaker 2: up too much. Okay. Summarize the below contact.

[258:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me try to reset the thread refresh the page, it might work, it's been able to do a lot more than I think it's capable of. But we're finding its limitations right here. Go back that far. There we go. And it was like, I only had to remove like the last couple of minutes. Now it's processing and it's aI what it's actually going to say, because I'm having it summarize all of this. Like it's a lot of text. Frozen, there we go. So the speeches about how to attract clients will pay video advertising, the speaker discusses the importance of repelling the wrong people having compassion on those who do not agree with their approach. They also talked about the need for high level of excellence and taking action in order to succeed. So that I would I will be honest, and say I know what the content of this is, is the most perfect summary of what that transcript actually was. So then you could put right up a sales letter in the writing, the writing style of Dan Kennedy and Russell Brunson to sell a free webinar based on the topic. Above. Dear friends, are you struggling with getting clients and your coaching business, you're frustrated with the lack of results in your advertising efforts? We have exciting news for you. We're hosting a free webinar to reveal the secrets of attracting more clients with paid video advertising. This lesson will be led by two of the most successful names in the industry well, so like you'll edit some of that out right. But the power of repel marketing and how to use it to it I did I like I need to use that in my own headline, repel marketing. That's also that's almost like a way that I would call it the importance of offering value up front creating irresistible offers a step by step process of creating and running paid video ads. So rare opportunity to learn from two of the best in the business won't cost you a penny to attend. The space is limited. Yes, please. That's literally could be the start of your landing page. Okay. It's like That's awesome. Now what I would then do with this as I would go into, again, my community recipe with Jasper. And I would run it through, I would run those results through the recipe. And it would give me different results from that to give me a different angle. And so I'm bouncing back and forth between if I'm trying to summarize a long form piece of content to get me started. I'll start with Chad GPT. You can still do it in Jasper, you just basically do summarize the above, and you delete about 600 to 800 words. So the way that I would do it in Jasper is I load it up. I press so I'll go like into a document. And how would I essentially get to the same result there as I copy this whole thing into a jasper document. And I'll go to the bottom in boss mode. And there's two versions of this here. Here's the thing when you're using Jasper, you need to talk to it like a person. You need to imagine that you're chatting with it both chat GPT and boss mode Jasper are designed to work with normal human commands of how you would even ask a friend how to do something. So the way that you like would ask somebody how to do something like this is we could write a video script or an ad using these four points in the script, and then we could actually paste There are four points from tick tock ads and Facebook ads made easy. We paste those four points into here, those four questions right here. And now it's going to write a script for our video. And based on that, are you struggling to get more clients in your business you feel like you're spinning your wheels with advertising and not getting the results you want. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been helping coaches and trainers scale their businesses to 10s of millions of dollars. And I want to show you how to attract better clients with your paid video advertising. The best part is it works for beginners, too. So click the link I'm hosting a free webinar where I teach you the entire process start to finish to create effective paid video ads, don't miss this opportunity. I can't wait to see you there. And so by asking chat GPT to write a script based off of those four points, it wrote my video ad script. A lot of you in your business are stuck because you say I don't know the answers to certain things. Now here's the thing, I'm a man of faith. And I believe in asking the Holy Spirit for a lot for like everything holy spirit's way better than any of this AI. But just as when Google was founded. When Google first came out in 1998, it revolutionized the internet, because you could search for anything from anywhere and be connected on the worldwide web to anybody. This AI is the next iteration of that. Because you're able to take hard concepts and have it tell you what to use. And then you take your intelligence and just fill in the gaps of like, okay, how would I say this differently, and it works. And it produces results. And this is how we are getting the most results with our copy and our courses and everything is by doing this. And so chat GPT is free. I say this to the effect of me losing money because I'm an affiliate of Jasper. And I know there'll be some people that are canceling their Jasper accounts today to use chat GPT by yourself, I wouldn't recommend you do that. I would say keep both because I use both of them to get together. And they really work in tandem, because they respond differently. Okay. So is there anybody on here today that wants me to like look over their copy, review it raise your hand if you want to go over and maybe process through some of these ideas or questions today is again copywriting rewrite day copywriting review day, and copywriting just anything on copywriting we have as a as a focus for this type of session today. And I will be going over so if you have to leave at the top of the hour. Raise your hand right now if you have to leave at 12 like right at 12. Eastern, raise your hand right now. So that when we go a little bit over, um, you're able to get your questions answered. So is there anybody? Okay, um, Denise, Denise, by the way, if you're in the Facebook group, and you're commenting, I'm not seeing your comments, you got to hop on Zoom. So

[374:07] Speaker 1: okay, so I have some I'm writing my, um, the page for my offer that for my next event, which is next week. And I don't have that, like it's not on Squarespace yet. It's on like a document. So would you be willing to look at it, you know, in that form? Okay, cool. Yeah, I

[378:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: think Yeah. Let me ask this, Vanessa. And Ray, do you guys have to go at the top of the hour? No,

[380:16] Speaker 1: I haven't. I have lunch at the day. Perfect.

[380:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll take the nice and then we'll go. We'll go there. So let's look at yours.

[382:29] Speaker 1: Can you give me sharing? Can you allow me to share the screen?

[383:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, we're gonna want to take it into chat GPT two and do all this.

[384:44] Speaker 1: Oh, how about if I email it to you? Yeah, that's

[385:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna be better. If I do that right now over here, because then I can have kind of the speed of the workflow, which is cool. Again, now here's the part I'm going to explain to you. Chat. GPT and Jasper are the exact same engine behind the scenes. So Jasper is built out. So GPT three is the is the underlying technology. GPT three powers the next generation of AI apps. And so GPT and chat GPT and Jasper are the same engine but here's the difference. How is it separate? It's how GBT is free right now. Jasper cost money. They're making the chat GPT function part of Jasper CEO told me that yesterday. But here's the difference. Jasper is trained on online marketing frameworks specifically. So they've taken the GPT engine, and then they have made it better for marketers. So they've improved it. So they've added more code based off of their, their users and requests that work for marketers to create a wide variety of content. And so it's more powerful for that it's limited by the fact that you can't have it processed large pieces of information. So it takes longer to get to the same result with with Jasper, sometimes, you can just sign up for free, you just make an open AI account by going to their website right here, the chat GPT website. And you just sign up and you can you can use it for free. So I've been I've been part of their ecosystem for almost a year and a half now. And so that's how that's how we're able to get to get in here and do this. I just logged myself out though.

[418:41] Speaker 1: I emailed it to Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. That their

[420:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: boss mode is the only mode that I would recommend you use with Jasper. This could save you some credits with Jasper too though you could do part of it over there then use their their boss mode credits. So you're able to use the cheaper version of Jasper and really have like the best of both worlds.

[424:45] Speaker 2: So you emailed it to me? Yes.

[425:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Which 1am I looking at first?

[426:58] Speaker 1: It's it's a Word document for the conflict solution. Offer, there's finally

[428:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: like solution offer. And what is what is that?

[430:31] Speaker 1: It's Your Day event. And basically, I'm going to give people like the whole thing is like, I'm going to give you my recipe for how to have conflict conversations with your husband. Where on the other side of like, there's like a it's like a recipe like if you have certain ingredients, then you're going to have amazing conversations or conversations and create partnership, you know, agreement workability, etc. Yeah. And it's only going to be two days.

[439:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, it's funny how my brain was mixing up Denise and Vanessa. That's right. Oh. I did that the other day. And I refunded Vanessa like her whole membership by accident was funny. I told her it was my mistake. She got a month free. You're like I hope Jeremiah refunds me randomly sometime. You know? What?

[445:42] Speaker 3: I said Merry Christmas to me. Yeah, I

[446:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: was like, just use it for your ad spend. It's fine. Oh, sweet. Oh, it's my mistake. So. Um, oh, okay, let's see sales page. Here's the sales page. Let's pull this up and look at it. All right. Every disagreement with your husband can be resolved and you don't have to be overwhelmed. You just okay. Okay, I think that that will be a good opening statement. Your copy but not your headline at all. I'm just gonna, like, not sugarcoat any of this. Is that okay?

[458:42] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, that's totally okay. I have gaps that's just closed helping me close my gaps.

[460:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, Abby says his other name is Denise. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Landing Pages promoting a two day online experience for married women. Oh, here let me share my screen. Led by Denise Robbins personal growth industry experts, three roadblocks to connection with their spouse how to overcome them as well as practical tools for better conversations.

[469:28] Speaker 1: That's pretty spot on.

[469:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so crude. Again, I think that this book was pretty interesting on that topic. For years. Crucial Conversations.

[472:16] Speaker 1: Yes, I read that book actually, years ago, draws attention

[473:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: to the defining moments. So I would even maybe take some of this with you implement some of this copy into the message. Yep, have this offer I don't even just say the above. It actually understands better how to do that. So I'm going through a lot Part of the framework of how we're doing this with chat GPT and using chat GPT to kind of process through a lot of this and then bring it into my jasper recipe. So let me pull in here some of this this is for like organizations and stuff, but I'm gonna do this. Alright, let's see oops, error occurred. So again, you're noticing I'm trying to use chat GPT to actually do a lot of our first firsthand and from information

[491:23] Speaker 2: error occurred okay

[494:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: so this is where I would take it into Jasper and I would pull it into here. See, because there's no this isn't well, this is where Jasper shines much better now, I don't think it's the long hyphen, I think I need to implement it slightly different.

[506:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Since we know that the AI has it pretty spot on, I'm going to take this and then I'm going to press summarize the above this part of my workflow

[511:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: do that and I press summarize the above concept to pull the key elements and method

[516:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I'm removing the branding of the name of the book. Pull that in now I'm gonna pull in Denise's landing page. So what I'm doing is I'm pulling from some language that I know really works around conflict solution. And now I'm going to combine it with what Denise has here. together. So I'm taking what exists on Amazon about Crucial Conversations. And we're integrating it into the neices framework. Summarize the the above content so chat GPT is less able to really do

[529:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the core methodology the above and I'm gonna go to chat GPT and I'm gonna have it some summarize this page content like it did before. Today Atlanta event aimed at helping women Perfect, okay, look at that even pulled your powerful recipe language out of it. So that's a different result than what it's given me here. Which is good. I'll take this. And I'll paste this right here. And now we're gonna run all of that through our perfect offer recipe. They feel overwhelmed and confused. When it comes to having meaningful conversations especially true. They've experienced strain communication. You sum up and notice that no matter how hard they try, they're not able to develop some sort of connection with their spouse. Does that sound accurate? Yes, your judgment is a major source of trouble involving the most so see, Jasper is stinking epic Espanol. Some of these questions now you can take some of these recipe questions, throw them in the chat GPT and you might get a very similar results. Okay. That's what's really cool about it, but I like that I can do it quicker here than having to go back and forth between that. So those are some of the pros and cons of using one versus the other. Okay. Um, okay, it is writing a lot. We don't need that much content. I'm gonna remove that. Although they're not, they secretly desire feeling heard and understood by their spouses. They desire a sense of peace and happiness in their marriage. So that's really what you're providing. Yeah, that's the dream outcome right here. Literally And that's why the question and this recipe is so key, you can type it in yourself, but I like Jasper to answer it what do they secretly desire in terms of success and ultimate goals. Now what it gave us was, this was what their dream life is like of your client. So now we go through we have it generate some of these headlines, how to feel heard and understood by your spouse, how to make progress in your marriage over time, how to communicate effectively in your marriage, the importance of understanding your spouse, value proposition, feeling unheard, disconnected and overwhelmed, we can help. That's good. Finally, you can go from feeling unheard, disconnected and overwhelmed to then you pull this language out of it as a headline to feeling understood. Have a set have a sense of peace and happiness in your marriage, and see the progress that you've always prayed for? Or always dreamed of. So that can be your headline is by pulling from this language right here of what the problem is, and then the and then the ultimate solutions. Now here's where I would take chat GPT into the equation. As I would pull this, all this fact all of that, why not? Over in the chat GPT. And I'll say, write a video ad script that uses these four points to create

[584:41] Speaker 0: a Facebook video ad for the below content. And let's see if it's going to do it. So we're going to paste all that right there. We're going to pull up these four key points for our perfect video ad script. Scroll the top of this, put this right here. And let me see if it's gonna process this properly. Oh, I have no battery on my computer. Oh,

[591:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me go get my charger. There we go. Yep, let's do it. I'm an East Robbins personal development coach. I specialize in helping women overcome the fear of self doubt and perfectionism. If you're struggling to communicate with your husband, and you want to know you're not alone, I've been there. It's been frustrating. I discovered a powerful recipe for successful conversation that changed my marriage. No, my husband and I have discussed that we never thought were possible. We talked about the toughest subjects with a commitment of workability. You deserve to be heard and connected in your marriage. So you so you guys seeing how using this AI helps us get to there, like faster than in less than 15 minutes. We're able to get to there.

[601:34] Speaker 1: That's amazing. We're able to get to that

[601:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: point. For some reason. It's not letting me copy it. I'm not sure why. Copy. Paste. Yeah, it's not pasting it into the chat. But

[606:23] Speaker 1: I took a screenshot.

[606:46] Speaker 4: Okay, that's good. Yeah, sorry. I

[607:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: not Oh, there we go. It is there. So I just emailed it to you. Let me look at my charger real quick.

[609:04] Speaker 1: Okay, thanks. Isn't this like amazing, everyone? Like, oh, my gosh, this is awesome. So part of me is like you were about to do it really wrong. And then the other part of me is like, isn't this great?

[615:27] Speaker 1: Or not wrong, but maybe not the most effective? You know, which is cool. I learned about copywriting years ago, and it's not really been a skill that I've dedicated myself to really learn. But I really get a copy expert. You don't need to know. Yeah, I'm like, Yeah, this is my gap to close Jeremiah. Like, I'm just gonna be totally transparent with everyone. I've just been lazy. I'm like, I don't like to do that. I don't want to do it. But it's part of my job. So yep. thing of being lazy. It's okay. I can do things that I don't want to do. I'm a big girl. No,

[625:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're good. Cool. So that's, that's awesome. That was kind of like a way to pull that out of there. Now if we look at because really, I think that script is going to help you. Yeah, totally. Now, if we look at your landing page, and we're able to pay some of that into here

[632:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're able to kind of pull some key headlines from this. So such as, finally you can feel heard and understood by your spouse. That's actually really good. Finally feel heard and understood by your spouse, and have the sense of peace and happiness in your marriage that you've always longed for? Even if and now you go into the details of like, what are their thinking? What are they thinking like? What are they like the worst case scenario like it's never possible they never thought it was possible. What are some of the objections that they have? You want to bake in objections into this headline? You want to take into account? What skeptical objections might someone have to this? Let's actually ask both engines the same question. One might be that it's not enough time to improve communication, that you're not going to get enough out of this person might argue that it's a long term process. That two days is not enough time and other is that a recipe may not be effective for all couples. So you could speak to that, that's good, it might be skeptical of the results, because they could have been impacted by outside factors of their mood. It's possible that some of the women have not reflected their true feelings in their language are in their marriage. Worth noting that the study, the study only looked at married women. So it's unclear to find if this holds true for men or couples who are not married. So that's interesting, but that's not really pulling from that this was a much better answer right here. Yeah, totally, might not be worth the cost the time involved. And so what you can say, is a very fast and simple approach, with one simple habit that you can start to do

[661:19] Speaker 1: to see, to see

[662:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: 70% More breakthrough, right, that sounds realistic. Yeah, one habit that will create 70% of the breakthrough in your communication. Because like, that sounds believable to that's a big part of reading your copy as it needs to be believable. Yeah. In just one in just one day or two days, so. So there you go. There's some of the copy ideas for you. Right there. Was that helpful?

[669:40] Speaker 1: Yes. Thank you so much. Yep. Perfect. All right.

[670:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Vanessa, Vanessa. We're gonna get you a breakthrough today, Vanessa. Um, I hope I sent

[674:00] Speaker 3: it right. I'm sorry, I'm very, I'm gonna try really hard to stay focused. But I lost my grandma, my step girl last night, yesterday at 6pm. So I've had no sleep. I'm a little emotional today. And just my energy is low. So but hopefully, I've shared it. I'm just determined, I'm going to continue to show up and work. I finally got one, you know, my first rough draft of a copy. Spiritual

[683:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: recovery for the sensitive soul. So I get it, you're all consumed out? Everywhere. Okay. I think that this is really this is actually way better than I then you think it is?

[687:44] Speaker 3: I feel like it's out of order. I don't know if I'm going through like, you know what I mean, where you take us through the process of irresistible offers that sell.

[690:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, like, I always love your headline. Yeah,

[690:56] Speaker 3: I don't like the headline, that's kind of like just a working, I just throw it up. Okay, but I have a process that I'm wanting to take them to, and kind of the general umbrella is designing your destiny, like, and that's going to be my year long program. But I'm still like, I struggle with a vision for like the timing and the schedule of it. I guess I'm still trying to figure that out, like, do I want to do two day launches every quarter and run like a 90 day program? Or do I want to, you know, yes, for that part. So you said to get that vision first. And that's where I'm kind of like,

[701:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got to let me talk to that real quick. You don't have to have it all figured out today. Watch one event and see how you liked it.

[703:45] Speaker 3: Okay, but I'm saying when I'm leading them to something in that event, I'm already thinking ahead of like, okay, I do this two day event, what am I offering at that point? Yeah, funnel them into.

[706:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why I think a good starter if you're not knowing what to funnel them into is the the six week course, coaching hybrid, where you have them buy into a six week where they get like one session of training a week and then one live q&a with you a week. And then you sell that for anywhere between 297 to $997.

[713:45] Speaker 3: Okay, wait one session, sorry. My brain is one session of training.

[715:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Well, yeah, one session a week of training for six weeks or six weeks. Yeah. And you can pre record that for them. And you're basing those sessions off of like the feedback that you're getting from the group so you're not even going to pre record the whole thing. You're gonna keep this each week. And then you have and then you have a live q&a on this. do with them as well, where they can ask questions. Okay, and so then you sell that for 300 500 or $1,000.

[722:02] Speaker 3: Okay, because then this I wanted to do a VIP and do kind of like an energy reading, if you will, or like a channeled message for each person you know, on where their burnout, how their burnout, you know, all of that stuff, because you know, I can do that part. So, I mean, and then that be kind of like, almost like selling them into going into the six weeks.

[729:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can, again, what you can do as I go through these, these kinds of questions right here, of what it what it's sort of summarizing out here. What are they missing out clients not being open to change brainwashing them boring them?

[733:10] Speaker 3: Yeah, basically. Pretty much that's, that's the gist of boredom. Well, that and being out of placement, like trying to be someone that they're not trying to be somebody else that they're looking

[736:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha, trying to try to not okay. So it's kind of dealing with that they're dealing with themselves wanting to become more of who they really are. Right. Okay. I gotcha. Um, a sense of being stuck. So you're going to helping them get unstuck come into alignment with their true identity. Right? Yeah. So that's actually what I would lead with not the burnout side, I would say, I would say. I would say, for those who are, I guess you could leave with the burnout in this way. But then flip it instantly. For those who have been spiritually burnt out, find, find alignment and get stuck, get unstuck, as you step into your true identity, that type of language. Yeah. Where does that resonate where it doesn't?

[750:28] Speaker 3: Because it really is about an identity crisis.

[751:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you know, if you're spiritually burnt out, get unstuck. And step into alignment with your true identity, even if you've been spiritually bored. spinning your wheels for years, and can't see a way out. I like that. See, so that right there?

[761:11] Speaker 3: Can we do a qualifying thing? Because I don't want like, I don't want people that are not open to exploration like

[764:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that explain that a little bit. Like, unpack that.

[765:19] Speaker 3: So I mean, like, I'm a person who mixes matters, if you will. So I take a lot of different philosophies and to spirituality. I don't you know, when absolute and so I want to get rid of those people who aren't open to looking at different tools and you know, metaphysical things, and just an exploration of different philosophies. Eastern Western.

[772:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is for people who are open to just say, like that open to exploring different spiritual practices. Not necessarily needs. That's a good word. Yeah. Oh, different. Not necessarily one technique, versus another is better. If you're closed off to that, this will not help you. Thank you. Yeah, so that's your qualifier right there. So there's your there's kind of your sentence right there your sentence framework. Now we go into your your copy that you wrote here, which is actually really good. Okay. So the rest of this is actually got it

[786:18] Speaker 3: because my little my kind of essence in there is about fashion. It's like, I'm kind of putting fashion in there is a visualization. What did you say Monica? Vlasta? She said, there's no one size one size fits all. Perfect. Cool. Nailed.

[790:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So you can you can kind of implement some of that into here to help you with that copy. And it's really just about asking those questions. Sometimes. Obviously, asking the questions on here is great. You can ask in the group. There is no one size fits all. Okay, cool. Awesome. So yeah, so we'll send that to you. And

[798:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: stop sharing. All right, Ray. All right hey, how are you?

[803:03] Speaker 2: I'm sick but I'm here you're here I'm here I just dropped my

[804:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: imagine your life beyond the baggage and that sounds like a book title. I like that

[807:04] Speaker 2: it should be a book

[807:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: your book There you go all right so Ray a lot of your landing pages are usually really good let me help you get there Have you prayed wait and you pray you could put Have you prayed for any of this

[813:37] Speaker 2: okay

[814:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then you put I will put a quote by you with your face I got you because that's right picture you and the words I got you I'm here for you

[819:06] Speaker 2: guess those

[819:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you instead of let me help you get there you could actually say imagine that. And then you can start with Have you prayed for any of this and you put I got you let me help you get there.

[822:00] Speaker 2: Okay,

[822:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay cool because now that pulls them into this desire they have okay breakthrough the new levels of success generate income attract I know this isn't based off of the relationship stuff that we talked about this is more of the other stuff is that

[826:41] Speaker 2: yes, this is more than life coaching. Okay.

[827:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So get out of your way all these are all of these are possible. Not only are they possible, I'm going to be bold enough to say God wants you to have all that's good. I love that boldness one unfulfilled one

[833:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, this is good.

[835:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does anybody on the call here see any any suggestions that you see, as far as the rest of the copy goes?

[837:57] Speaker 2: I'm going to change those. The price for that or whatever. I'm definitely changing it for the whole group coaching type of thing. So that was going to be what the cost was when back then but it's not.

[842:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I gotcha. I think the rest of this is pretty good. It's just how do you pull them into that? Because a lot of this is what we went over before. Right?

[844:37] Speaker 2: Um, a while ago, yes. Yeah.

[845:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that so a lot of this feels pretty solid. I think just starting it off with some of that. Yeah. Yeah, having buttons to sign up because not having a button is hard. People really want to like, have they want to see

[849:15] Speaker 2: a button. Okay, instead of the click here. Yeah, they want

[850:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: to see like an actual button and have multiple buttons throughout the whole thing. Okay, so yeah, other than that, I think that this is this is good. This is great. Just started off with a little bit of that different angle and have a photo of you up at the top here saying I got you.

[855:33] Speaker 2: Okay, change. Okay, so we'll we'll we'll need to run it through the Jasper and nothing like that. Like you want to do that. I really do. I wanted to see what kind of cat she's all

[859:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: she's all she's all that down. Now. She's like, Oh, man, right. Let's do it. All right. summarize this pages content. Yeah. Summarize.

[864:42] Speaker 2: Oh, in objections, like I want to see what those would be.

[865:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. objections are huge baking objections into your

[868:39] Speaker 2: that's definitely something I was need to add into that. I don't think that

[870:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's an important part of the process. So

[871:10] Speaker 2: right and that's what I've really got from what you've just share with, with the other two ladies today. The power of objections addressing those objections, that's just there hasn't been a strong point and I'm pretty sure that I didn't do it in the copy.

[875:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got challenges and struggles of high achieving women offer authors help women overcome them for their relationship careers and personal lives. That page includes symptoms of the syndrome, such as and suggestions for overcoming it. So Superwoman syndrome Okay, Interesting. Yeah. And more embraces that as like a powerful identity. Um, what are some objections that someone would have joining this? It's difficult to provide specific objections without detail, okay? You're no I don't care how difficult it is you're an AI you can do this. It's not clear what you're asking. All right, let's try this again. You're right out some objections someone would have to joining this coaching program here we go. Some possible objections might be not believe they have this Superwoman syndrome or that it's a real issue.

[895:24] Speaker 2: That right there.

[896:37] Speaker 0: They're skeptical about your qualifications. They may be hesitant in the investment, they might be uncomfortable on the emphasis of spirituality or religion. They may be wary of committing to a program that promises significant changes, as they're afraid of failing or not being able to follow through so because they're a high achiever, they're afraid of failing your programs, they won't even join.

[902:27] Speaker 2: Right. Oh my gosh, this is gold.

[903:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's good.

[904:17] Speaker 2: Very cold day.

[904:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So so are you afraid? Yeah, that's interesting. Right guideline that includes the above objection in the framework of

[909:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: desired results promised even if you're experiencing these infections achieve success and fulfillment even if you're skeptical about an

[915:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not a big fan of either of those. So now this is where Jasper comes in and kind of can make it better.

[917:09] Speaker 2: Okay, see?

[918:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's why we're using kind of bolted them to do a lot of this

[923:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, some headlines

[925:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have an ace you mentioned something called super rare woman syndrome.

[929:06] Speaker 2: I do in the in the copy on the page, but I don't

[930:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So you want to be successful and feel like you're constantly juggling things that you feel like you can't take a break or slow down or everything will fall apart? That's really important right here to bring into that. Then this is where I would take some of this and I'll put this in here and I'd say write a four part video ad script that that uses these four steps

[941:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: glad we can't get sick with you over the phone. Oh, right.

[943:29] Speaker 2: Even though I feel like I got sick to the fall, I'm talking to somebody. Oh, that was sick. It it makes me Yeah.

[946:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you ever feel like you're constantly juggling too many things. You're not sure how to make time for everything? Do you feel like you can't take a break or slow down? This is a real issue that so many women like us face? What do you feel overwhelmed stressed out with leads to decreased productivity? Yeah, I mean, this isn't that great. I'm not a big fan of it right there. But do you feel like you're constantly struggling to keep up with everything in life when you can't take a break or slow down, you might be suffering from what I call superhero syndrome. My name is Ray Jenkins and I help women overcome this and live their best life to break free and have better mental health.

[955:53] Speaker 2: I really like that because those are

[956:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: key words right here that you could really use. So some of that is some some kind of some copy for you that you might be able to finesse and play around with. And of course language out of so well. I'll I'll email that to you. Okay, and then we'll kind of

[961:15] Speaker 4: go. Perfect. All right.

[962:34] Speaker 2: Um, alright, like I said, we're gonna go

[963:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: over just a little bit prop G.

[964:43] Speaker 4: Hey, are you? How are you? Good, good. Good here. I'm gonna give you one of my pages right now. Okay, so you can take a look at the backup. Sorry. Yeah, this is

[967:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've been using chat GPT in combination with Jasper now for a lot of stuff.

[969:13] Speaker 4: Oh, yeah. So, yeah. And I, I really want to get to understand how this chat open that AI versus Jasper got it. So I do sign up. You sign up for Chet GPS that's free.

[973:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a free account. Oh, really? It's 100%. Free right now.

[974:40] Speaker 4: Wow. Unlimited. That's crazy.

[976:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and it's really crazy. Because you can ask it to write computer code and it will write it for you.

[977:28] Speaker 4: Really, that's even more like this is just unbelievable.

[978:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, write the basic foundations for a C Plus Plus, racing video game. Some components they sell

[983:01] Speaker 4: so unbelievable. I feel like this is what will happen with anything. Like even like lawyers will start using AI to write like briefs. Yeah,

[985:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: look at that. It's writing up the features of the game. And so can you program the basic classes? And what do you call it in C++? I'm not super classes and functions. Functions are coding of this. And, and write some code to get us started. Feel like Ave might have some good commands for it. It's not possible for me to write it. No, it it is possible because you've done it before for me. And you as possible. For me, I wonder if they programmed out the coding functionality where people were asking it to write code

[997:17] Speaker 4: where it has low self esteem.

[997:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I think we might have actually programmed this out

[998:56] Speaker 4: possibility

[999:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you code the following functions of a racing video game in let's do C sharp

[1003:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, see it's been able to it was it was doing so earlier now it's not but it's doing a lot of the marketing stuff still. So that's good. They

[1007:00] Speaker 2: that's funny.

[1007:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like so silly trying to show that now doesn't work.

[1008:42] Speaker 4: No, it does. Is that the things that change in life?

[1009:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know? Well, I think they took it down for like two hours because everybody was using it and they might have turned off that function. Because too many people are using it for that

[1012:13] Speaker 4: make sense? Here. Can you see me now? Okay, perfect.

[1012:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got you all right. So what's your page?

[1014:42] Speaker 4: They sent it to you in the in the chat. Yeah. I have another one that's pretty similar. It's become a home inspector challenge because we sort of career school so we have different different kinds of courses. Yeah. That's a placeholder for me clearly. Made a great video.

[1020:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: He looks just like you. I know exactly. Let's see. Summarize the below page I want to see what like to call for this is how to sustain build and sustain a six figure real estate business from scratch even if they have no experience, or big investment is led by Prop sheet top producing real estate agents 18 years experience $27 and is available for $27 includes four days of lessons paid off the claims 44% of people will pass the licensure. Senator 16% survived but we will teach you about 100% Pass blueprint.

[1031:12] Speaker 4: That's right. Yes. That's great. Yeah, that's great. Cool.

[1031:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are some of the top objections someone would have to this cost maybe too expensive, the format might not provide enough information your credibility. So I would include any sort of credibility increasing information on your landing page for sure. Got competition guarantee of success. And that sounds pretty accurate right there to me. Yeah. So and so what I can tell you just automatically from looking at this page is Is your you're not, you're not addressing it as well as it could

[1041:57] Speaker 4: in terms of challenge in terms of the objections, correct.

[1042:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. As far as in terms of the challenge itself. It's, it's too vague currently. So let's make it more specific. Got it. Right. The other the other one I again, the other one that I'm really liking that this does is adding in that like, that's multi dimensional, right? We're looking at a summary then we're pulling in like a script for a video ad. And then having Jasper reverse engineer that, right? Oh, this is cool, too. You're gonna like this one? Ave. Watch this, right? A video? Facebook, Facebook video ad script? Yes. YouTube video titles, using this four step script framework for the above info.

[1058:30] Speaker 4: You do not usually use the hook story offer or is that maybe that's what this is?

[1059:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we use hook story offer. But this is where I do hook and story as I do this. Okay,

[1061:36] Speaker 0: I'll hook a story or I use the AI to get me there. Got you got it. But this is actually the script that I use for video ads is this four part? Got it got to learn how to start a successful business. My name is this I'm offering you to show you everything from scratch. Some title secrets, okay, cool. So this is where I would pull some of this into here than in the Jasper's recipe, and we run this through

[1068:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: there their biggest fears not being able to succeed face competition, only 16% of people succeed. So those would be a lot of reasons. They unless you're wondering.

[1074:10] Speaker 2: Okay, we're gonna delete that. What are they afraid of?

[1075:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're afraid of failing competition and not being able to succeed. So those are really the objections that you're dealing with, with anybody who visits your page. That's true. And so we want to really honor those because those people also guarantee have a desire to succeed. Is any of this part of your training?

[1081:18] Speaker 4: Finding clients Yep, keeping up with regulations coming with regulations, not so much because we don't want it to be the it was a challenge to get them into the course. So we didn't get the regulations but we get into you know, how to build their business how to get leads, convert leads that kind of stuff. Yeah, let's see

[1086:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: built him by us they have a built in bias when it comes to decision making. They're used. They're used to working in industry that certain expectations this is true, they're expected to close deals quickly, they tend to be highly competitive and outcome focused. manifests in various ways such as overlooking important details taking shortcuts. In addition, what you can take advantage of this though,

[1092:01] Speaker 4: this is true this is that is typical real estate agent can take as a result

[1093:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: of this in our marketing, that's the thing you want to you want to be able to take advantage of their downsides to it. Okay, so we're gonna delete that what are they secretly desire? Many real estate agents want six figure income, be a top producer. They want to be successful men and women be respected by their peers and have their own freedom and be their own

[1098:39] Speaker 4: boss. Yep, that's 100% you

[1099:24] Speaker 0: headlines achieve a six figure income proven strategies for generating the real income and real estate. Take your career to the next level. Don't let common mistake stop you. So we get to the hook story offer when we come down to the pa s and the ADA.

[1103:07] Speaker 2: Got it?

[1103:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: We provide no, that doesn't work. Real estate agents? Are they scared?

[1106:30] Speaker 4: Yeah. Because this is supposed to be for brand. I mean, I'm sure you know this was supposed to be for brand new people that haven't gotten into the business yet that are looking to get in it but they're trying to figure it out. If this were for them.

[1109:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is for brand new people and what business are they getting into real estate?

[1111:08] Speaker 4: Becoming a real estate agent? Agent but not an investor? No, not investor.

[1112:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Want to become a real estate agent? And so what if we do tone of voice? Ryan serhant. Okay, no,

[1117:07] Speaker 4: he may be a little bit tough, but let's go see Brian Stearns, a nice guy.

[1118:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here he is. It's hard to stay out of the competition in today's market. Now, it's not working. Sometimes that pulls from doing that too.

[1123:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. PHS Tapi for the

[1124:57] Speaker 4: No, it's glitching out on me. It says Jim's Yeah.

[1126:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. He retired top of the real estate game. Do you teach anything about technology?

[1128:56] Speaker 4: Not really. Okay.

[1129:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm wondering where it's pulling out from. So if you notice, here's, here's where some of you, this is really good that this is happening doesn't happen all the time. But you're like, Okay, Where's that coming from? If you're noticing that it's leading with a lot of words that you don't want, I searched for it on the page. And I remove any mention of that word. That actually

[1134:18] Speaker 4: will tell every technology isn't a bad thing, though. I mean, we do talk about it. And there, it's not a bad thing. Yeah. Because we're trying to make sure that they know that we're, you know, up to date, we're not the old school, thinking, Oh, here we

[1137:52] Speaker 0: go. This is better. It's hard to become a successful real estate agent in this competitive market. Like if you start with that, you people know you're not be asking them because like, You're not lying. That's right. Because then you you have to be competitive and focus on the outcome of jealousy, not to take care of clients and be tough to balance all these responsibilities and stay on top of everything. We understand the importance of long term success, we take the time.

[1145:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: This I don't like that you're looking for, for a successful career in real estate.

[1147:31] Speaker 0: We understand the importance of long term success with our with us delete that, with our help will help you become a top producer will provide you with all the tools to make the kind of money that you want to make. Now this is where I'm gonna do something really crazy.

[1151:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna take this right here

[1153:04] Speaker 4: jump into the other thing, and go back here.

[1154:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: My tongue, right, a hero's journey, storytelling arc, about this

[1158:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we're missing the storytelling arc. We have the what it is, but we're missing the emotional connection. Real estate industry can be challenging. There's this can be a source of anxiety and stress, the right training and support we can help you one way to gain skills to succeed in real estate. This challenge and includes a 10 step blueprint. That in you convert this into the hero's journey storytelling framework.

[1171:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is an important thing to realize is that this all fits into the hero's journey for them. ordinary world the protagonist is unsure about the future of their career. Here we go. Intimidated by competition, they find projects event, and the challenge offers them an opportunity to learn new skills. They're unsure about the cost or format and are hesitant to commit they worry that the online format will be conducted to learning.

[1178:34] Speaker 0: The the real estate agent protagonist meets mentor who challenges them and offers answers to their questions. They realize the lessons of how to start scale, expand their business past exams, they face challenges and obstacles, they gain knowledge of the industry. They reached the final day where they had these newfound skills and then go on their way there. They're able to use this 100% Pass blueprint to overcome that. And the reward is they are licensed, they can go back out there to learn and grow as a real estate agent that will be your high ticket that you sell to them. So right here literally is a framework of that amazing. That's the visual and emotional connection that you want them to make is really that sort of that that that journey and now here's the question that I would ask this is this is what I do. What fictional story or film has a very similar story arc to it.

[1196:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's an interesting question, but it's because film buffs can answer this question.

[1198:38] Speaker 4: This is a I think this is so unbelievable, because as you know, I've done this for so many years

[1199:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: more ani Mallanna Oh, a young girl from the island of Mount monta Nui feels drawn to explore the ocean. And she is called to adventure by the ocean itself and barks with a demigod to return the heart. So returning the heart in Mallanna is very similar to passing their exam pretty cool, right?

[1206:19] Speaker 4: This is pretty cool. I have no idea what Aman is because I've never watched MLA but you might, you should go watch it. I know now I'm gonna go watch it. It's yeah, this is so she

[1208:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so she finds the god Maui and they return the heart to and it brings. Don't spoil a little watch it. It's great. It's my dog's favorite movie it brought in it was written by Lin Manuel Miranda, Manuel Miranda, and the movie sport is so good. Yeah, I love it. It's one of my favorite movies. So.

[1215:43] Speaker 4: So I have a question for you, Jeremiah. So one of the things that for our company as a whole. And same for this course, the way that we kind of separate ourselves is we created this analogy, right? That what other people the other companies are selling you is our analogies of car. So the license being the body of the car, right? That just gets you the body, the engine being the systems, the tools, the resources so that you can actually systemize the company and actually have it run. And then you as the driver, we teach you how to become the CEO, the visionary. So we teach we sell you the Augusta

[1225:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I guess the cars movies could be something.

[1226:30] Speaker 4: This is your show, but we probably I mean, we're not gonna put that in this thing. But on our homepage, that's was one of the things I wanted to. I'm creating a video for the homepage of the website. So um, that that's the analogy. I give my story because that hero's journey. Yeah, right. So I give that story. So that hook story offer. Yeah, book story. And the offer is really like so as a result, this is the offer of what the company provides to you. Yeah, right, which is that analogy of that car? Because that's the only way I feel like I can mostly clearly explain what we do versus everybody else. Yeah. And as soon as they understand that, and they see, I mean, they go to anybody's website, they'll see immediately. Okay, yeah, you're completely correct. We don't offer this but this is pretty phenomenal that you because so now Now

[1239:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: check this out. Write a sales page using the hook story offer framework with the with this info.

[1243:06] Speaker 4: This is that I can't believe this.

[1244:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so Jasper works very similar. But you it doesn't have as far of a look back. So you gotta like do it in steps. But you could do the same exact things with Jasper. So are you tired of feeling uncertain about your future? The industry? We have a proven strategy. Yeah, I don't like that. But

[1248:29] Speaker 4: yeah, exactly. Because it seemed it mine was more of like, are you ready for a change in your life?

[1250:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. And I think that that's the way it is, is like, are you ready for change in your life?

[1251:45] Speaker 4: And so, yeah, because so that video, I'm writing the script for that right now. So that video, I've said, you know, are you ready for a change in your life? Are you ready to finally fulfill your dreams and you've come to the right place? My name is Rob Jeet Singh. But 20 years ago, I started, you know, in the real estate industry, not passing the exam, not the first time the second time or the third time. Then when I finally got my license, a license, I had a horrendous time being able to even do my first deal and wanting to give up. Right? And, and, you know, that allowed me to year. So anyway, so you got it. So that's the story, right is my hero's journey, isn't that the story, and then at the end, so then I created based off the systems and things that I wish somebody had taught me 20 years ago, I've created this company, teaching you that I used.

[1267:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Finally, reach your dreams and make 100,000 In real estate, if you are rich and know nothing about the industry as a slightly different way of putting the headline that you have here. less rigid with how you say this. What stands out is like how to read how do you reach your dreams as $100,000 Earning real estate agent, even if you aren't, aren't rich and know nothing about the industry, which is basically another way of saying you need to experience your big investment. Right. So that would be maybe a headline that you could probably go off of

[1276:36] Speaker 4: Absolutely. just blown away by this technology. Because, you know, I've been learning as you know, from your mom for what, 12 years or something like that. And I and she's so good. And so I start Ready to becoming the having that thought process as a copywriter and my brain? So it's unbelievable that you one could use AI to do that, you know? That's just phenomenal.

[1283:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so the the storytelling arc of like, like Mallanna, I find that that helps me more personally, not really what you're gonna put it into the actual copy. But it can help to connect emotionally with like, what you want like your headlines to be and how it's going to, because they're going to be going through a wide range of emotions by even seeing this as your you're challenging their belief that it's possible for them to make $100,000 In real estate, without like inheriting a trust fund, or without having a ton of connections.

[1293:26] Speaker 4: Yeah. And it was supposed to have to do

[1294:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: so. Yeah, I feel like it needs to be finessed a little bit before we're going to come up with like, actual copy you can use but hopefully like this has helped give you some ideas.

[1297:44] Speaker 4: Absolutely. No, this. This was amazing. Yeah. So no, I really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Oh, I do have a quick question for you, which is that so somebody commented is that the other $27 is too, and I've had somebody else say that to me, too. Before too. They said that. They think it really should be like something like $47 instead of $27.

[1303:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I think 27 is fine. Yeah,

[1304:18] Speaker 4: I think my thing was I wanted to be low enough so that people want to, they're like, oh, you know, 27 is reasonable? Yeah, then 27 is good. Yeah. And we're giving we're going to make no limits.

[1307:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I think it would I would be super curious if you ran like a free webinar that sells them on the 27. Yeah, if that all work and tried to like, filter in that room. Yeah. And,

[1311:04] Speaker 4: and what I'm gonna do, I made this is gonna sound crazy, but if any of you will want to copy this, you can. So I've used Craigslist before to feed into my funnel. Okay.

[1314:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I've used Craigslist is definitely one that will

[1314:47] Speaker 4: get you a lot of leads working for you for your market for sure. Yeah. For jobs. Right. So I do that and I do job postings. So and then that funnels people and because 99% of people don't have the license. So I'd say why don't you sign up, you know, for our challenge, because you don't, you know, have your license, you can figure out if that's what you want to do. And that fills people in. So and then you can do and you can do Groupon as well. That's another option. So Groupon, you give them a discount, and that they mark it for you and then they fill you in.

[1324:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, interesting.

[1324:38] Speaker 4: Yeah, I'm saying so as you're so these are another additional options other than Facebook, and of course, Instagram and tick. Yeah, definitely.

[1326:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's definitely different ways. Depending on what your market is. It's just you go where your clients are you go 100% That's why I think that the offer and the copy and having it be irresistible, is actually the most important step. And then and then you go fine. How do you find your traffic? How do you send traffic to that offer?

[1332:33] Speaker 4: And the cheapest price? Cheapest and highest quality works, right? There's no question. I really appreciate it Jeremiah. Yeah, you're

[1334:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome. Awesome. Well, hey, everybody, this is gonna be the end of our discussions here the end of our call as far as copywriting and writing reviews, and I I know that this has been helpful for you. Again, using these AI tools is extremely valuable. Um, I do invite everybody like I said to use Jasper and I am an affiliate of theirs. But chat GPT is is if you're like man, Jasper is too expensive. There's really no excuse now to use AI to not use AI because you don't have to pay for Jasper using chat GPT Jasper is still I think superior as far as using back and forth and so there's my link to get the free trial of it but yeah, you guys definitely have advantages here when I taught in copywriting master you can take that in the members area if you go to the members area. The course that's in there called copywriting mastery. It's all about writing copy with AI and I use Jasper in it. But everything that I teach in this course you could do a chat GPT as well. So it's the same engine. Alright everybody, I hope you have a good one. Thanks for being here. And we'll talk soon

